<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231113_10-K_edgar_data_32604_0000032604-23-000044.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18217602</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>272154</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2993958</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6832479</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4144890</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3519284</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000032604-23-000044.hdr.sgml : 20231113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231113164308
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000032604-23-000044
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		146
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EMERSON ELECTRIC CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000032604
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC & OTHER ELECTRICAL EQUIPMENT (NO COMPUTER EQUIP) [3600]
		IRS NUMBER:				430259330
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-00278
		FILM NUMBER:		231399577

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8000 W FLORISSANT AVE
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 4100
		CITY:			ST LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63136
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3145532000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8000 W. FLORISSANT
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 4100
		CITY:			ST LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63136

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EMERSON ELECTRIC MANUFACTUING CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19730710

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000032604-23-000044.txt : 20231113

10-K
 1
 emr-20230930.htm
 10-K

emr-20230930 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ____________________ to __________________ 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered NYSE Chicago 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issues its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 Aggregate market value of the voting stock held by nonaffiliates of the registrant as of close of business on 
 March 31, 2023: billion. 
 
 Common stock outstanding at October 31, 2023 : million shares. 
 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 1. 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1 - BUSINESS 
 
 Emerson the Company is a global technology and software company that provides innovative solutions for customers in a wide range of end markets around the world. Through its leading automation portfolio, Emerson helps process, hybrid and discrete manufacturers optimize operations, protect personnel, reduce emissions and achieve their sustainability goals. Sales by geographic destination in 2023 were: the Americas, 51 percent; Asia, Middle East Africa, 30 percent (China, 12 percent); and Europe, 19 percent. 
 
 Portfolio management is an integral component of Emerson's growth and value creation strategy. Over the past two years, the Company has taken significant actions to accelerate the transformation of its portfolio through the completion of strategic acquisitions and divestitures of non-core businesses. These actions were undertaken to create a higher growth and cohesive industrial technology portfolio as a global automation leader serving a diversified set of end markets. The Company s recent portfolio actions include the following transactions: 
 
 On October 11, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of National Instruments Corporation ("NI") at an equity value of 8.2 billion. NI, which provides software-connected automated test and measurement systems that enable enterprises to bring products to market faster and at a lower cost, had revenues of approximately 1.7 billion and pretax earnings of approximately 170 mllion for the 12 months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 On May 31, 2023, the Company completed the previously announced sale of a majority stake in its Climate Technologies business (which constitutes the former Climate Technologies segment, excluding Therm-O-Disc which was divested earlier in 2022) to private equity funds managed by Blackstone in a 14.0 billion transaction. Emerson received upfront, pre-tax cash proceeds of approximately 9.7 billion and a note receivable with a face value of 2.25 billion (which will accrue 5 percent interest payable in kind by capitalizing interest), while retaining a 40 percent non-controlling common equity interest in a new standalone joint venture between Emerson and Blackstone. The Climate Technologies business, which includes the Copeland compressor business and the entire portfolio of products and services across all residential and commercial HVAC and refrigeration end-markets, had 2022 net sales of approximately 5.0 billion. The new standalone business is named Copeland. 
 
 On October 31, 2022, the Company completed the divestiture of its InSinkErator business, which manufactures food waste disposers, to Whirlpool Corporation for 3.0 billion. This business had net sales of 630 million in 2022. 
 
 On May 31, 2022 the Company completed the divestiture of its Therm-O-Disc sensing and protection technologies business to an affiliate of One Rock Capital Partners, LLC. 
 
 On May 16, 2022, the Company completed the transactions contemplated by its definitive agreement with Aspen Technology, Inc. ("Heritage AspenTech") to contribute two of Emerson's stand-alone industrial software businesses, Open Systems International, Inc. and the Geological Simulation Software business (collectively, the Emerson Industrial Software Business ), along with approximately 6.0 billion in cash to Heritage AspenTech stockholders, to create "New AspenTech", a diversified, high-performance industrial software leader with greater scale, capabilities and technologies (defined as "AspenTech" herein). Upon closing of the transaction, Emerson owned 55 percent of the outstanding shares of AspenTech common stock (on a fully diluted basis). AspenTech had 2023 net sales of 1.04 billion. 
 
 Further information regarding acquisition and divestiture activity is set forth in Notes 4 and 5. 
 
 Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. This includes reporting financial results for Climate Technologies, InSinkErator and Therm-O-Disc as discontinued operations for all periods presented, and the assets and liabilities of Climate Technologies and InSinkErator (prior to completion of the divestitures) as held-for-sale (see Note 5). In addition, as a result of its portfolio transformation, the Company now reports six segments and two business groups, which are highlighted in the table below (see Note 20 for further details). Beginning in 2024, the Company will report NI (which will be renamed Test Measurement) as a new segment in the Software and Control business group. 
 
 1 

INTELLIGENT DEVICES SOFTWARE AND CONTROL Final Control 
 Control Systems Software 
 Measurement Analytical 
 AspenTech 
 Discrete Automation 
 Safety Productivity 
 
 The Company sells products and solutions that support customers in a variety of end markets, including process industries (such as chemical, power renewables and energy), hybrid industries (life sciences, metals mining, food beverage, pulp paper, and others), discrete industries (including automotive, medical, packaging and semiconductor) and more. 
 Emerson was incorporated in Missouri in 1890 and has evolved through internal growth and strategic acquisitions. Management has a well-established set of operating mechanisms to manage its business performance and set strategy. The Company also has processes undertaken by management with oversight from the Board of Directors to specifically focus on risks in areas such as cybersecurity, compliance, legal, sustainability, financial and reputational, among others. The Company periodically updates, assesses, and monitors its risk exposures, provides timely updates to the Board, and takes actions to mitigate these risks. 
 All Note references in this document refer to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which notes are hereby incorporated by reference. See also Item 1A - Risk Factors and Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 INTELLIGENT DEVICES 
 
 Final Control 
 
 The Final Control segment is a leading global provider of control valves, isolation valves, shutoff valves, pressure relief valves, pressure safety valves, actuators, and regulators for process and hybrid industries. These solutions respond to commands from a control system to continuously and precisely control and regulate the flow of liquids or gases to achieve safe operation along with reliability and optimized performance. Products within our Final Control segment are marketed under a variety of brands including: Anderson Greenwood, Bettis, Crosby, Fisher, Keystone, KTM and Vanessa. 
 
 Measurement Analytical 
 
 The Measurement Analytical segment is a leading supplier of intelligent instrumentation measuring the physical properties of liquids or gases, such as pressure, temperature, level, flow, acoustics, corrosion, pH, conductivity, water quality, toxic gases, and flame. The instrumentation transfers data to control systems and automation software, allowing process and hybrid industry operators to make educated decisions regarding production, reliability and safety. Products within our Measurement Analytical segment are marketed under a variety of brands including: Flexim, Micro Motion and Rosemount. 
 
 Discrete Automation 
 
 The Discrete Automation segment includes solenoid valves, pneumatic valves, valve position indicators, pneumatic cylinders and actuators, air preparation equipment, pressure and temperature switches, electric linear motion solutions, programmable automation control systems and software, electrical distribution equipment, and materials joining solutions used primarily in discrete industries. Products within our Discrete Automation segment are marketed under a variety of brands including: Afag, Appleton, ASCO, Aventics, Branson, Movicon, PACSystems, SolaHD, TESCOM, and TopWorx. 
 
 Safety Productivity 
 
 The Safety Productivity segment offers tools for professionals and homeowners that promote safety and productivity. Pipe-working tools include pipe wrenches, pipe cutters, pipe threading and roll grooving equipment, 
 2 

battery hydraulic tools for press connections, drain cleaners, tubing tools and diagnostic systems, including sewer inspection cameras and locating equipment. Electrical tools include conduit benders and cable pulling equipment, battery hydraulic tools for cutting and crimping electrical cable, and hole-making equipment. Other professional tools include water jetters, wet-dry vacuums, commercial vacuums and hand tools. Products within our Safety Productivity segment are marketed under a variety of brands including: Greenlee, Klauke, ProTeam and RIDGID. 
 
 SOFTWARE AND CONTROL 
 
 Control Systems Software 
 
 The Control Systems Software segment provides control systems and software that control plant processes by collecting and analyzing information from measurement devices in the plant and using that information to adjust valves, pumps, motors, drives and other control hardware for maximum product quality, process efficiency and safety. These solutions include distributed control systems, safety instrumented systems, SCADA systems, application software, digital twins, asset performance management and cybersecurity. Control Systems Software solutions are predominantly used by process and hybrid manufacturers. Products within our Control Systems Software segment are marketed under a variety of brands including: AMS, DeltaV and Ovation. 
 
 AspenTech 
 
 AspenTech is a global leader in asset optimization software that enables industrial manufacturers to design, operate, and maintain their operations for maximum performance. AspenTech combines decades of modeling, simulation, and optimization capabilities with industrial operations expertise and applies advanced analytics to improve the profitability and sustainability of production assets. The purpose-built software drives value for customers by improving operational efficiency and maximizing productivity, reducing unplanned downtime and safety risks, and minimizing energy consumption and emissions. 
 
 Test Measurement 
 
 As discussed above, Emerson completed the acquisition of NI on October 11, 2023. This business will be referred to as Test Measurement and reported as a new segment in the Software and Control business group in 2024. Test Measurement provides software-connected automated test and measurement systems that enable enterprises to bring products to market faster and at a lower cost. The Test Measurement platform spans the full range of customer needs including modular instrumentation, data acquisition and control solutions, and general-purpose development software. 
 
 RESEARCH DEVELOPMENT 
 
 Investing in innovation to accelerate organic growth is a critical component of Emerson's value creation strategy. The Company is focused on key growth initiatives across its software, control and intelligent devices portfolio. These initiatives include disruptive measurement technologies, software-defined automation systems, self-optimizing asset software and sustainability solutions. Total spending for R D, engineering expense and customer-funded engineering and development was 6.9 percent of sales in 2023 compared to 6.3 percent in 2022. 
 
 DISTRIBUTION 
 
 The principal worldwide distribution channel for a majority of the Company's product offerings is through a direct sales force, while a network of independent sales representatives, and to a lesser extent independent distributors purchasing products for resale, are also utilized. 
 
 RAW MATERIALS 
 
 The Company's major requirements for basic raw materials include steel, cast iron, electronics, rare earth metals, aluminum and brass; and to a lesser extent, plastics and petroleum-based chemicals. The Company seeks to have many sources of supply for each of its major requirements in order to avoid significant dependence on any one or a few suppliers. However, the supply of materials or other items could be disrupted by natural disasters or other events. In 2023, freight costs and service levels returned to pre-pandemic levels, while the supply chain improved, including the availability of electronic components. Despite market price volatility for certain requirements, the raw materials and various purchased components needed for the Company s products have generally been available in 
 3 

sufficient quantities. See Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 PATENTS, TRADEMARKS AND LICENSES 
 
 The Company maintains an intellectual property portfolio it has developed or acquired over a number of years, including patents, trademarks and licenses. The Company also continues to develop or acquire new intellectual propert y. New patent applications are continuously filed to protect the Company s ongoing research and development activities and the Company periodically reviews the continued utility of patent assets. The Company s trademark registrations may be renewed and their duration is dependent upon national laws and trademark use. While this proprietary intellectual property portfolio is important to the Company in the aggregate, management does not regard any of its segments as being dependent on any single patent, trademark registration or license. 
 
 BACKLOG 
 
 The Company s estimated consolidated order backlog was 7.8 billion and 7.0 billion at September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, of which approximately 1.2 billion and 1.1 billion related to AspenTech. Approximately 75 percent of the Company s consolidated backlog is expected to be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months, with the remainder substantially over the subsequent two years thereafter. Backlog by business group at September 30, 2023 and 2022 follows (dollars in millions): 
 2022 2023 Intelligent Devices 3,930 4,471 Software and Control 3,058 3,302 Total Backlog 6,988 7,773 
 
 COMPETITION 
 
 The Company's businesses operate in highly competitive markets. The Company competes based on product performance, quality, branding, service and/or price across the industries and markets served. A significant element of the Company's competitive strategy is to deliver solutions to our customers by manufacturing high-quality products at the best relevant global cost. Although no single company competes directly with Emerson in all of the Company's product lines, various companies compete in one or more product lines with the number of competitors varying by product line. Some competitors have substantially greater sales, assets and financial resources than Emerson and the Company also competes with many smaller companies. Management believes Emerson has a market leadership position in many of its product lines. 
 
 REGULATIONS 
 
 The Company's operations, products and services are subject to various government regulations, including environmental regulations. Our manufacturing locations generate waste, of which treatment, storage, transportation and disposal are subject to U.S. federal, state, foreign and/or local laws and regulations relating to protection of the environment. The Company continually works to minimize the environmental impact of its operations through safe technologies, facility design and operating procedures. Compliance with government regulations, including environmental regulations, has not had, and based on current information and the applicable laws and regulations currently in effect, is not expected to have a material effect on the Company's capital expenditures (including expenditures for environmental control facilities), earnings or competitive position. However, laws and regulations may be changed, accelerated or adopted that impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon the Company and which could negatively impact our operating results. See Item 1A - "Risk Factors." 
 
 HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Emerson is dedicated to modernizing our workplace culture to meet the needs and expectations of today's workers and attract talent that will help us thrive. In 2023, the Company launched its first-ever employee value proposition, Let's Go, which serves as an invitation to employees and potential employees to join the Company in our bold aspiration to create a healthier, safer, smarter and more sustainable world. We believe the Company s success depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain key personnel. The skills, experience and industry knowledge of 
 4 

key employees significantly benefit our operations and performance. The Company's Board of Directors and management oversee various employee initiatives. 
 
 The Company supports and develops its employees through global training and development programs that build and strengthen employees leadership and professional skills. Leadership development programs include intensive learning programs for new leaders as well as more established leaders. The Company also partners with educational institutions and nonprofit organizations to help prepare current and future workers with the knowledge and skills they need to succeed. To assess and improve employee retention and engagement, the Company surveys employees with the assistance of third-party consultants, and takes actions to address areas of employee concern. In 2023, we initiated a continuous listening strategy, with more than 85 percent of employees participating in the survey and an overall engagement score of 78 percent. The categories of safety, well-being, growth and development, and access to resources and support earned the most favorable scores. 
 
 Employee health and safety in the workplace is also one of the Company s core values. The Corporate Safety Council is led by our Chief Operating Officer and oversees our safety efforts, supported by health and safety committees and leaders that operate at the local site level. Hazards in the workplace are actively identified and management tracks incidents so remedial actions can be taken to improve workplace safety. In 2023, the Company's total recordable rate of injuries was 0.30, and its lost or restricted workday case rate was 0.22 (both measured as the number of incidents per 100 employees). 
 
 We have identified other human capital priorities, including, among other things, providing competitive wages and benefits and promoting an inclusive work environment. The Company is committed to efforts to elevate the representation of women and U.S. minorities and foster an inclusive work environment that supports our large global workforce and helps us innovate for our customers. Employee Resource Groups have been created to support our diverse workforce and have grown to over 13,000 members. We also have taken actions to enhance diversity, including setting diversity targets for interview slates and targeted recruiting to increase the representation of women, minorities, U.S. military veterans, individuals with a disability and LGBTQ+ talent within Emerson. In 2021, the Company introduced diversity goals at the leadership level. We continue to make progress on our goals and were named a Best Employer for Diversity by Forbes. Overall, women represent 33 percent of our global workforce and 23 percent of leadership positions are held by women. In the U.S., minorities represent 35 percent of our workforce and 21 percent of our leadership positions. 
 
 Employee levels are managed to align with the pace of business and management believes it has sufficient human capital to operate its business successfully. The Company and its subsidiaries had approximately 67,000 employees at September 30, 2023. Management believes that the Company's employee relation s are favorable. 
 
 A small portion of the Company s U.S. employees are unionized, while outside the U.S., we have employees in certain countries, particularly in Europe, that are represented by an employee representative organization, such as a union, works council or employee association. 
 
 ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY 
 
 Emerson s global purpose is to drive innovation that makes the world healthier, safer, smarter and more sustainable. Our environmental sustainability strategy is focused on driving progress within our facilities and helping our customers achieve their ESG objectives. In 2021, we appointed Mike Train as Chief Sustainability Officer. This role, part of our Office of the Chief Executive, reflects our focus on sustainability across our company. Under his leadership, Emerson has made significant strides, and we are strengthening our leadership position as our customers and suppliers work to deliver their environmental targets. 
 
 In 2022, we set an ambitious target to achieve net zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions across our value chain by 2045 compared to a 2021 baseline. To set us on the right pathway, we will target net zero operations and a 25 percent reduction of our value chain emissions by 2030, also compared to a 2021 baseline. The Company also added ESG targets, including GHG reduction targets, as a component in the determination of annual bonuses for leadership beginning in 2022. In 2023, we established a goal to achieve zero waste to landfill in our manufacturing facilities by 2032, from a 2022 fiscal year baseline, wherever this is compatible with local conditions and regulations. We also introduced a new Technology and Environmental Sustainability Board committee, which is tasked with overseeing strategy related to technology and R D, the Company s product cybersecurity practices and Emerson s environmental sustainability goals and programs. 
 5 

Our environmental sustainability strategy is summarized by our Greening Of, Greening By, Greening With framework. Greening Of Emerson demonstrates our efforts to improve our internal environmental sustainability performance, including reducing our GHG emissions and energy and water consumption. Greening By Emerson is our approach to delivering technology, solutions and expertise (including through our software offerings) that support and enable our customers decarbonization and environmental sustainability efforts. Greening With Emerson reflects how we foster collaboration among stakeholders by participating in environmental sustainability industry forums, partnering to develop innovative solutions, and engaging with governments globally to support sustainability-related policies and regulations. 
 
 Emerson s environmental sustainability initiatives and strategy are discussed further in our 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report, which can be found on our website at www.Emerson.com; this report is not incorporated by reference and should not be considered part of this Form 10-K. 
 
 INTERNET ACCESS 
 
 Emerson's reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K and all amendments to those reports, as well as proxy statements, are available without charge through the Company s website on the internet as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). They may be accessed as follows: www.Emerson.com, Investors, SEC Filings. Information on the Company s website does not constitute part of this Form 10-K. 
 
 The information set forth under Item 1A - Risk Factors is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 1A - RISK FACTORS 
 
 Investing in our securities involves risks. You should carefully consider, among other matters, the factors set forth below and the other information in this report. The Company s risk factors set forth below are not the only risks facing the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to management or that management currently deems immaterial also may materially, adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition or operating results. We may amend or supplement the risk factors set forth below from time to time by other reports we file with the SEC. 
 
 Business and Operational Risks 
 
 We Operate in Businesses That Are Subject to Competitive Pressures That Could Affect Prices or Demand for Our Products 
 
 Our businesses operate in markets that are highly competitive and potentially volatile, and we compete on the basis of product performance, quality, service and/or price across the industries and markets served. Our businesses are largely dependent on the current and future business environment, including capital and consumer spending. A significant element of our competitive strategy is to deliver solutions to our customers by manufacturing high-quality products at the best relevant global cost. Various companies compete with us in one or more product lines and the number of competitors varies by product line. Some of our competitors have substantially greater sales, assets and financial resources than our Company and we also compete with many smaller companies. Competitive pressures could adversely affect prices or customer demand for our products, impacting our sales or profit margins, and/or resulting in a loss of market share. In addition, certain of our businesses rely, in part, on independent sales representatives and distributors. Any disruption or adverse change in our relationships with these independent sales representatives could weaken our competitive position and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. A disruption or adverse change could result from the sale or financial instability of an independent sales representative or distributor, changes to our relationship including favoring competing products for any reason, or other events. 
 
 Our Operating Results Depend in Part on Continued Successful Research, Development and Marketing of New and/or Improved Products and Services, and There Can Be No Assurance That We Will Continue to Successfully Introduce New Products and Services 
 
 The success of new and improved products and services depends on their initial and continued acceptance by our customers. Our businesses are affected by varying degrees of technological change and corresponding shifts in 
 6 

customer demand, which result in unpredictable product transitions, shortened life cycles and increased importance of bein g first to market with new products and services. We may experience difficulties or delays in the research, development, production and/or marketing of new products and services which may negatively impact our operating results and prevent us from recouping or realizing a return on the investments required to continue to bring new products and services to market. 
 
 We must anticipate and respond to market and technological changes driven by broader trends such as decarbonization and electrification efforts in response to climate change. Market growth from the use of cleaner energy sources, as well as emissions management, energy efficiency and decarbonization efforts are likely to depend in part on technologies not yet deployed or widely adopted today. We may not adequately innovate or position our businesses for the adoption of technologies such as battery storage solutions, hydrogen use cases in industry, mobility, and power generation, enhanced electrical grid demand management, carbon capture and sequestration or advanced nuclear power. 
 
 These trends and the relative competitiveness of our product and service offerings will continue to be impacted by uncertain factors such as the pace of technological developments and related cost considerations, the levels of economic growth in different markets around the world and the adoption of climate change-related policies such as carbon taxes, greenhouse gas emission reductions, incentives or mandates for particular types of energy, or policies that impact the availability of financing for certain types of projects. 
 
 If We Are Unable to Defend or Protect Our Intellectual Property Rights, the Company's Competitive Position Could Be Adversely Affected 
 
 The Company's intellectual property rights are important to its business and include numerous patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and other confidential information. This intellectual property may be subject to challenge, infringement, invalidation or circumvention by third parties. Despite extensive security measures, our intellectual property may be subject to misappropriation through unauthorized access of our information technology systems, employee theft, or other acts of industrial espionage. Should the Company be unable to adequately defend or protect its intellectual property, it may suffer competitive harm. 
 
 We Engage in Acquisitions and Divestitures, Which Are Subject to Domestic and Foreign Regulatory Requirements, and May Encounter Difficulties in Integrating and Separating These Businesses and Therefore We May Not Realize the Anticipated Benefits 
 
 We regularly seek growth through strategic acquisitions as well as evaluate our portfolio for potential divestitures. These activities require favorable environments to execute these transactions, and we may encounter difficulties in obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals in both domestic and foreign jurisdictions. In 2023 and in past years, we have made various acquisitions and divestitures, including our acquisition of National Instruments which closed after year-end, our divestiture of a majority stake in the Climate Technologies business (now renamed Copeland), and our majority stake in Aspen Technology, Inc., and entered into joint venture arrangements intended to complement or expand our business, and may continue to do so in the future. As a result of these transactions, the Company has a narrower business which is focused on higher growth markets including software, innovation and disruptive technologies, and may encounter more volatility and be more vulnerable to changing market conditions. The success of these transactions will depend on our ability to achieve higher rates of growth, integrate assets and personnel acquired in these transactions and to cooperate with our strategic partners. We may encounter difficulties in integrating acquisitions with our operations as well as separating divested businesses, and in managing strategic investments. Furthermore, we may not realize the degree, or timing, of anticipated benefits including, among others, increasing rates of profitability and growth. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 As part of the Copeland transaction, the Company received a note receivable and retained a 40 percent non-controlling common equity interest. As the Company no longer has a controlling interest in this business, the future value or proceeds from the note receivable and common equity interest will depend on the business performance of Copeland and how the controlling owner manages the business. Therefore, the Company can make no assurance regarding the amount or timing of any future proceeds or value to be derived from the note receivable and common equity interest. 
 
 We Use a Variety of Raw Materials and Components in Our Businesses, and Significant Shortages or Price Increases Could Increase Our Operating Costs and Adversely Impact the Competitive Positions of Our P roducts 
 7 

Our major requirements for raw materials include steel, cast iron, electronics, rare earth metals, aluminum, brass and, to a lesser extent, plastics and petroleum-based chemicals. The Company seeks multiple sources of supply for each of its major requirements in order to avoid significant dependence on any one or a few suppliers. However, the supply of materials or other items could be disrupted by natural disasters, a health epidemic or pandemic, or other events. Significant shortages or price increases could impact the prices our affected businesses charge, their operating costs and the competitive position of their products and services, which could adversely affect our results of operations. While we monitor market prices of the commodities we require and attempt to mitigate price exposure through hedging activities, this risk could adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 Our Operations Depend on Production Facilities Throughout the World, a Majority of Which Are Located Outside the United States and Subject to Increased Risks of Disrupted Production, Causing Delays in Shipments and Loss of Customers and Revenue 
 
 We manage businesses with manufacturing facilities worldwide, a majority of which are located outside the United States, and also source certain materials globally. Emerging market sales represent over one-third of total sales and serving a global customer base requires that we p lace more materials sourcing and production in emerging markets to capitalize on market opportunities and maintain a best-cost position. Our and our suppliers non-U.S. production facilities and operations could be disrupted by weather and natural disaster (including the potential effects of climate change), labor strife, war (including the Russia-Ukraine and other global conflicts), political unrest, terrorist activity or public health concerns such as an epidemic or pandemic, particularly in emerging countries that are not well-equip ped to handle such occurrences. 
 
 Our manufacturing facilities abroad are dependent on the stability of governments and business conditions and may be more susceptible to changes in laws, policies and regulations in host countries, as well as economic and political upheaval, than our domestic facilities. These facilities face increased risks of nationalization as well as operational disruptions which could cause delays in shipments of products and the loss of sales and customers, and insurance proceeds may not adequately compensate us. 
 
 Access to Funding Through the Capital Markets is Essential to the Execution of Our Business Plan, and if We Are Unable to Maintain Such Access We Could Experience a Material Adverse Effect on Our Business and Financial Results 
 
 Our ability to invest in our businesses, make strategic acquisitions and refinance maturing debt obligations requires access to the capital markets and sufficient bank credit lines to support short-term borrowings. Volatility in the capital markets may increase costs associated with issuing commercial paper or other debt instruments, or affect the Company s ability to access those markets. If we are unable to continue to access the capital markets, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Additionally, if our customers, suppliers or financial institutions are unable to access the capital markets to meet their commitments to the Company, our business could be adversely impacted. 
 
 Our Business Success Depends on the Ability to Attract, Develop and Retain Key Personnel 
 
 Our success depends in part on the efforts and abilities of our management and key employees. Their skills, experience and industry knowledge significantly benefit our operations and performance. The failure to attract, develop and retain highly qualified personnel could adversely affect our ability to succeed in our human capital goals and priorities as well as negatively impact our business and operating results. 
 
 Security and/or Data Privacy Breaches, or Disruptions of Our Information Technology Systems Could Adversely Affect Our Business 
 
 The Company relies on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. These technology networks and systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components; power outages; telecommunications or system failures; terrorist attacks; natural disasters; employee error or malfeasance; server or cloud provider breaches; and computer viruses or cyberattacks. Cybersecurity threats and incidents can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to information technology networks and systems to more sophisticated and targeted measures, known as advanced persistent threats, directed at the Company, its products, 
 8 

its customers and/or its third-party service providers. Despite the implementation of cybersecurity measures (including access controls, data encryption, vulnerability assessments, continuous monitoring, and maintenance of backup and protective systems), the Company s information technology systems may still be vulnerable to cybersecurity threats and other electronic security breaches. It is possible for such vulnerabilities to remain undetected for an extended period. In addition, it is possible a security breach could result in theft of trade secrets or other intellectual property or disclosure of confidential customer, supplier or employee information. Should the Company be unable to prevent security breaches or other damage to our information technology systems, disruptions could have an adverse effect on our operations, as well as expose the Company to litigation, liability or penalties under privacy laws, increased cybersecurity protection costs, reputational damage and product failure. In addition, we must comply with increasingly complex and rigorous regulatory standards enacted to protect business and personal data in the U.S. and elsewhere. Compliance with privacy and localization laws and regulations increases operational complexity. Failure to comply with these regulatory standards could subject us to fines and penalties, as well as legal and reputational risks, including proceedings against the Company by governmental entities or others. 
 
 Our Products and Services are Highly Sophisticated and Specialized, and a Major Product Failure or Similar Event Caused by Defects, Cybersecurity Incidents or Other Failures, Could Adversely Affect Our Business, Reputation, Financial Position and Results of Operations 
 
 We produce highly sophisticated products and provide specialized services that incorporate or use complex or leading-edge technology, including both hardware and software. Many of our products and services, including measurement and analytical instrumentation, industrial valves and equipment, and process control systems, are integrated and used in complex process, hybrid and discrete manufacturing environments. As a result, the impact of a catastrophic product failure or similar event could be significant. While we have built operational processes to ensure that our product design, manufacture, performance and servicing meet rigorous quality standards, there can be no assurance that we or our customers or other third parties will not experience operational process or product failures and other problems, including through manufacturing or design defects, process or other failures of contractors or third-party suppliers, cybersecurity incidents or other intentional acts, that could result in potential product, safety, regulatory or environmental risks. Cybersecurity incidents aimed at the software embedded in our products could lead to third-party claims resulting from damages caused by our product failures, and this risk is enhanced by the increasingly connected nature of our products. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident include financial loss, reputational damage, litigation with third parties, diminution in the value of our investment in research, development and engineering, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs due to the increasing sophistication and proliferation of threats, which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness and results of operations. 
 
 Industry and General Economic Risks 
 
 The Coronavirus (COVID-19) Outbreak Adversely Impacted our Business and a Resurgence or Development of New Strains or Variants of COVID-19, or Other Public Health Emergencies, Could in the Future Have a Material Adverse Impact on our Business, Results of Operation, Financial Condition and Liquidity, the Nature and Extent of Which is Highly Uncertain 
 
 The global outbreak of the coronavirus (COVID-19) significantly increased economic, demand and operational uncertainty. Our operations have generally stabilized since the peak of the COVID-19 pandemic and in May 2023, the World Health Organization declared an end to COVID-19 as a public health emergency. However, a resurgence or development of new strains of COVID-19, or other public health emergencies, could result in unpredictable responses by authorities around the world which could negatively impact our global operations, customers and suppliers. Any future pandemics or public health emergencies could result in disruptions to our manufacturing operations, including higher rates of employee absenteeism, and supply chain, which could negatively impact our ability to meet customer demand. The extent to which new strains or variants of COVID-19, or other public health emergencies, could impact our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity is highly uncertain and would depend on future developments, including the spread and duration of any such virus and the variants, potential actions taken by governmental authorities, and how quickly economic conditions stabilize and recover. 
 
 Our Substantial Sales Both in the U.S. and Abroad Subject Us to Economic Risk as Our Results of Operations May Be Adversely Affected by Changes in Government Regulations and Policies and Currency Fluctuations 
 
 9 

We sell, manufacture, engineer and purchase products globally, with significant sales in both mature and emerging markets. We expect sales in non-U.S. markets to continue to represent a significant portion of our total sales. Our U.S. and international operations subject the Company to changes in government regulations and policies in a large number of jurisdictions around the world, including those related to trade, investments, taxation, exchange controls and repatriation of earnings. Changes in laws or policies governing the terms of foreign trade, trade restrictions or barriers, tariffs or taxes, trade protection measures, and retaliatory countermeasures, including on imports from countries where we manufacture products, could adversely impact our business and financial results. In addition, changes in the relative values of currencies occur from time to time and have affected our operating results and could do so in the future. While we monitor our exchange rate exposures and attempt to mitigate this exposure through hedging activities, this risk could adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 Recessions, Adverse Market Conditions or Downturns in End Markets We Serve May Negatively Affect Our Operations 
 
 In th e past, our operations have been exposed to significant volatility due to changes in general economic conditions or consumer preferences, recessions or adverse conditions in the end markets we serve. In the future, similar changes could adversely impact overall sales, operating results (including potential impairment charges for goodwill or other long-lived assets) and cash flows. Moreover, during economic downturns we may undertake more extensive restructuring actions, including workforce reductions, global facility consolidations, centralization of certain business support activities, and other cost reduction initiatives, and incur higher costs. As these plans and actions can be complex, the anticipated operational improvements, efficiencies and other benefits might be delayed or not realized. 
 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 
 Changes in Tax Rates, Laws or Regulations and the Resolution of Tax Disputes Could Adversely Impact Our Financial Results 
 
 As a global company, we are subject to taxation in the U.S. and numerous non-U.S. jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required to determine our consolidated income tax provision and related liabilities. The Company s effective tax rate, cash flows and operating results could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with different statutory tax rates, as well as by changes in the local tax laws and regulations, or the interpretations thereof. In addition, the Company s tax returns are subject to regular review and audit by U.S. and non-U.S. tax authorities. While we believe our tax provisions are appropriate, the final outcome of tax audits or disputes could result in adjustments to the Company s tax liabilities, which could adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 Our Reputation, Ability To Do Business and Results of Operations Could Be Impaired By Improper Conduct By Any of Our Employees, Agents or Business Partners 
 
 We are subject to regulation under a wide variety of U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. laws, regulations and policies, including laws related to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, export and import compliance, anti-trust and money laundering, due to our global operations. In particular, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, and we operate in many parts of the world that have experienced government corruption to some degree. We cannot provide assurance our internal controls will always protect us from the improper conduct of our employees, agents and business partners. Any such violation of law or improper actions could subject us to civil or criminal investigations in the U.S. and other jurisdictions, could lead to substantial civil or criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties and related shareholder lawsuits, could lead to increased costs of compliance and could damage our reputation, our business and results of operations. 
 
 We Are Subject to Litigation and Environmental Regulations That Could Adversely Impact Our Operating Results 
 
 We are, and may in the future be, a party to a number of legal proceedings and claims, including those involving intellectual property, product liability (including asbestos) and environmental matters, several of which claim, or may in the future claim, si gnificant damages. Given the inherent uncertainty of litigation, we can offer no assurance that existing litigation or a future adverse development will not have a material adverse impact. We also are subject to various laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and the discharge of materials into the environment, and we could incur substantial costs as a result of the noncompliance with or liability for cleanup or 
 10 

other costs or damages under environmental laws. In addition, increased public awareness and concern regarding global climate change may result in more international, federal, and/or state or other stakeholder requirements or expectations that could result in more restrictive or expansive standards, such as stricter limits on greenhouse gas emissions or more prescriptive reporting of environmental, social, and governance metrics. There continues to be a lack of consistent climate change legislation and standards, which creates economic and regulatory uncertainty. While the Company has adopted certain voluntary targets, environmental laws, regulations or standards may be changed, accelerated or adopted and impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon the Company, its products or customers, which could negatively impact the Company s business, capital expenditures, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position. 
 
 Increasing Interest and Expectations with Respect to Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Matters by Our Various Stakeholders Could Adversely Affect Our Business and Operating Results 
 
 In response to growing customer, investor, employee, governmental, and other stakeholder interest in our ESG practices, we have increased reporting of our ESG programs and performance and have established and announced our aspirational purpose, causes, values, and related commitments, goals or targets, including those regarding sustainability, greenhouse gas emissions, our net zero ambition, and diversity, equity and inclusion. Our ability to achieve such goals and aspirations is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which rely on the collective efforts of others or may be outside of our control. Such risks include, among others, the availability and adoption of new or additional technologies that reduce carbon or eliminate energy sources on a commercially reasonable basis, competing and evolving economic, policy and regulatory factors, the ability of suppliers and others to meet our sustainability, diversity and other goals, the availability of qualified candidates in our labor markets and our ability to recruit and retain diverse talent, and customer engagement in our goals. There may be times where actual outcomes vary from those aimed for or expected and sometimes challenges may delay or block progress. As a result, we cannot offer assurances that the results reflected or implied by any such statements will be realized or achieved. Moreover, standards and expectations for ESG matters continue to evolve and may be subject to varying interpretations, which may result in significant revisions to our goals or progress. In addition, certain of our product offerings may become less attractive as standards evolve. A failure or perceived failure to meet our aspirational purpose, causes, values, and related commitments, goals or targets within the timelines we announce, or at all, or a failure or perceived failure to meet evolving stakeholders expectations and standards, could damage our reputation, adversely affect employee retention or engagement or support from our various stakeholders and could subject us to government enforcement actions or penalties and private litigation. Such outcomes could negatively impact the Company s business, capital expenditures, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position. 
 
 ITEM 1B - UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2 - PROPERTIES 
 
 At September 30, 2023, the Company had approximately 130 manufacturing locations worldwide, of which approximately 40 were located in the United States and 90 were located outside the United States, primarily in Europe and Asia, and to a lesser extent in Canada and Latin America. Manufacturing locations by business are: Intelligent Devices, 115, including 35 in the Final Control segment, 30 in the Measurement Analytical segment, 40 in the Discrete Automation segment, and 10 in the Safety Productivity segment; and Software and Control, 10, all in the Control Systems Software segment. Additionally, there are 5 locations that support multiple segments. The majority of the locations are owned, with the remainder occupied under lease. The Company considers its facilities suitable and adequate for the purposes for which they are used. The Company also maintains a smaller number of administrative, sales, research and development, and distribution facilities. 
 
 ITEM 3 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are party to various legal proceedings, some of which claim substantial amounts of damages. It is not possible to predict the outcome of these matters, but historically the Company has been largely successful in both prosecuting and defending claims and lawsuits. 
 
 Given the uncertainties of litigation, a remote possibility exists that litigation could have a material adverse impact on the Company; however, the Company believes a material adverse impact of any pending litigation is unlikely. 
 11 

Information regarding legal proceedings is set forth in Note 15. 
 
 ITEM 4 - MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 The following sets forth certain information as of November 13, 2023, with respect to the Company's executive officers. T hese officers have been elected or appointed to terms which expire February 6, 2024: 
 
 Name Position Age Year First Appointed an Executive Officer S. L. Karsanbhai President and Chief Executive Officer 54 2018 R. R. Krishnan 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 52 2021 M. J. Baughman Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 58 2018 S. Y. Bosco Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer 65 2016 M. H. Train Senior Vice President and Chief Sustainability Officer 61 2016 L. A. Flavin Senior Vice President, Chief Transformation and Chief Compliance Officer 58 2021 P. Zornio Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer 
 60 2022 V. Ramnath Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer 56 2023 N. Piazza Senior Vice President and Chief People Officer 
 45 2023 

There are no family relationships among any of the executive officers and directors. 
 
 Lal Karsanbhai has been Chief Executive Officer since February 2021 and President since March 2021. Prior to his current position, Mr. Karsanbhai was Executive President - Automation Solutions from October 2018 through January 2021, President - Measurement Analytical from 2016 through September 2018, and President Emerson Network Power Europe, Middle East Africa from 2014 through 2016. 
 
 Ram R. Krishnan was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer in February 2021. Prior to his current position, Mr. Krishnan was President Final Control from November 2017 to February 2021, Chief Operating Officer Final Control from January 2017 to November 2017, and President Flow Solutions from 2016 through January 2017. 
 
 Michael J. Baughman was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in May 2023, and Chief Accounting Officer in February 2018. Prior to his current position, Mr. Baughman was named Vice President and Controller in October 2017. Prior to that Mr. Baughman was Vice President, Finance, Global Operations, Quality, and Research and Development of Baxter International Inc., a global healthcare products company, from 2015 through September 2017, and Vice President, Finance, Medical Products of Baxter from 2013 to 2015. 
 
 Sara Y. Bosco was appointed to Senior Vice President, Secretary and Chief Legal Officer in February 2023. Prior to her current position, Ms. Bosco was Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel from May 2016 through February 2023, and President, Emerson Asia-Pacific from 2008 through May 2016. 
 
 12 

Michael H. Train was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Sustainability Officer in March 2021. Prior to his current position, Mr. Train was President from October 2018 to March 2021 and Executive President - Automation Solutions from October 2016 through October 2018, Executive Vice President - Automation Solutions from May 2016 through October 2016 and President of Global Sales for Emerson Process Management from 2010 through May 2016. 
 
 Lisa A. Flavin was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer in March 2021, and assumed the additional role of Chief Transformation Officer in 2023. Prior to her current position, Ms. Flavin was Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer from February 2019 through March 2021 and Vice President, Audit and Chief Compliance Officer from February 2015 through February 2019. 
 
 Peter Zornio was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer in December 2022. Prior to his current position, Mr. Zornio was the Chief Technology Officer for the Automation Solutions Group from June 2017 to December 2022 and Chief Strategy Officer for Automation Solutions Systems and Solutions from June 2006 to June 2017. 
 
 Vidya Ramnath was appointed to Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Office r in June 2023. Prio r to her current position, Ms. Ramnath was President of Middle East Africa from 2019 through June 2023 and Vice President of Asia Pacific for Measurement Analytical from 2017 through 2019. 
 
 Nick Piazza was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief People Officer in August 2023. Prior to his current position, Mr. Piazza was Vice President of Global Talent and Human Resource Operations from August 2021 through July 2023, and Vice President of Human Resources in Asia-Pacific for the company s Automation Solutions business from July 2017 through July 2021. 
 
 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Information regarding the market for the Company's common stock and dividend payments is set forth in Note 22 and is hereby incorporated by reference. There were approximately 15,200 stockholders of record at September 30, 2023. 
 
 Neither the Company nor any "affiliated purchaser" repurchased any shares of Company common stock during the three-month period ended September 30, 2023. In March 2020, the Board of Directors authorized the purchase of 60 million shares and a total of approximately 33.3 million shares remain available under the authorization. 
 
 ITEM 6 [RESERVED] 
 
 ITEM 7 - MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Safe Harbor Statement 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains various forward-looking statements and includes assumptions concerning Emerson's operations, future results and prospects. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Emerson undertakes no obligation to update any such statements to reflect later developments. In connection with the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Emerson provides the cautionary statements set forth under Item 1A - Risk Factors, which are hereby incorporated by reference and identify important economic, political and technological factors, among others, changes in which could cause the actual results or events to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by the forward-looking statements and related assumptions. 
 
 13 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 To supplement the Company s financial information presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP), management periodically uses certain non-GAAP financial measures, as such term is defined in Regulation G under SEC rules, to clarify and enhance understanding of past performance and prospects for the future. Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a company s operating performance, financial position or cash flows that excludes or includes amounts that are included in or excluded from the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. For exa mple, non-GAAP measures may exclude the impact of certain items such as acquisitions or divestitures, amortization of intangibles, restructuring costs, discrete taxes, ch anges in reporting segments, gains, losses and impairments, or items outside of management s control, such as foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Management believes that the following non-GAAP financial measures provide investors and analysts useful insight into the Company s financial position and operating performance. Any non-GAAP measure provided should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative to, the most directly comparable measure determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP, as identified in italics below. Further, the calculation of these non-GAAP financial measures may differ from the calculation of similarly titled financial measures presented by other companies and therefore may not be comparable among companies. 
 Underlying sales, which exclude the impact of significant acquisitions, divestitures and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates during the periods presented, are provided to facilitate relevant period-to-period comparisons of sales growth by excluding those items that impact overall comparability (U.S. GAAP measure: net sales ). 
 
 Operating profit (defined as net sales less cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses) and operating profit margin (defined as operating profit divided by net sales) are indicative of short-term operational performance and ongoing profitability. Management closely monitors operating profit and operating profit margin of each business to evaluate past performance and actions required to improve profitability. EBIT (defined as earnings before deductions for interest expense, net, related party interest income, and income taxes) and total segment EBIT, and EBIT margin (defined as EBIT divided by net sales) and total segment EBIT margin, are financial measures that exclude the impact of financing on the capital structure and income taxes . Adjusted EBITA and adjusted segment EBITA (defined as earnings excluding interest expense, net, related party interest income, income taxes, intangibles amortization expense, restructuring expense, first year purchase accounting related items and transaction fees, and certain gains, losses or impairments) and adjusted EBITA margin and adjusted segment EBITA margin (defined as adjusted EBITA divided by net sales) are measures used by management to evaluate the Company's operational performance, as they exclude the impact of acquisition-related investments and non-operational items. EBITDA (defined as EBIT excluding depreciation and amortization) and EBITDA margin (defined as EBITDA divided by net sales) are also used as measures of the Company's current operating performance, as they exclude the impact of capital and acquisition-related investments. Adjusted EBITDA (defined as EBITDA excluding restructuring expense, first year purchase accounting related items and transaction fees, and certain gains, losses or impairments) and adjusted EBITDA margin (defined as Adjusted EBITDA divided by net sales) are also used to exclude the impact of non-operational items. All of these are commonly used financial measures utilized by management to evaluate performance (U.S. GAAP measures: pretax earnings or pretax profit margin, segment earnings or segment margin ). 
 Earnings, earnings per share, return on common stockholders equity and return on total capital excluding certain gains and losses, impairments, restructuring costs, impacts of acquisitions or divestitures, amortization of intangibles, discrete taxes, or other items provide additional insight into the underlying, ongoing operating performance of the Company and facilitate period-to-period comparisons by excluding the earnings impact of these items. Management believes that presenting earnings, earnings per share, return on common stockholders' equity and return on total capital excluding these items is more representative of the Company s operational performance and may be more useful for investors (U.S. GAAP measures: earnings, earnings per share, return on common stockholders equity, return on total capital ). 
 14 

Free cash flow (operating cash flow less capital expenditures) and free cash flow as a percent of net sales are indicators of the Company s cash generating capabilities, dividends as a percent of free cash flow is an indicator of the Company's ability to support its divid end, and free cash flow conversion of adjusted net earnings (free cash flow divided by net earnings adjusted for intangibles amortization expense, restructuring expense, first year purchase accounting related items and transaction fees, and certain gains, losses or impairments) is an indicator of the quality of the Company's earnings, after considering investments in capital assets which are necessary to maintain and enhance existing operations. The determination of operating cash flow adds back noncash depreciation expense to earnings and thereby does not reflect a charge for necessary capital expenditures. Managemen t believes that free cash flow, free cash flow as a percent of net sales and dividends as a percent of free cash flow are useful to both management and investors as measures of the Company s ability to generate cash and support its dividend (U.S. GAAP measures: operating cash flow, operating cash flow as a percent of net sales, dividends as a percent of operating cash flow ). 
 15 

FINANCIAL REVIEW 
 Report of Management 
 The Company's management is responsible for the integrity and accuracy of the financial statements. Management believes that the financial statements for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2023 have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles appropriate in the circumstances. In preparing the financial statements, management makes informed judgments and estimates where necessary to reflect the expected effects of events and transactions that have not been completed. The Company's disclosure controls and procedures ensure that material information required to be disclosed is recorded, processed, summarized and communicated to management and reported within the required time periods. 
 In meeting its responsibility for the reliability of the financial statements, management relies on a system of internal accounting controls. This system is designed to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded and transactions are executed in accordance with management's authorization and recorded properly to permit the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Although the design of this system recognizes that errors or irregularities may occur, management believes that the Company's internal accounting controls provide reasonable assurance that errors or irregularities that could be material to the financial statements are prevented or would be detected within a timely period. 
 The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, which is composed solely of independent directors, is responsible for overseeing the Company's financial reporting process. The Audit Committee meets with management and the Company's internal auditors periodically to review the work of each and to monitor the discharge by each of its responsibilities. The Audit Committee also meets periodically with the independent auditors, who have free access to the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors, to discuss the quality and acceptability of the Company's financial reporting and internal controls, as well as nonaudit-related services. 
 The independent auditors are engaged to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Their opinions are based on procedures that they believe to be sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that the financial statements contain no material errors and that the Company's internal controls are effective. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The Company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. With the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the frame work and the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2023. 
 The Company's auditor, KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 /s/ S. L. Karsanbhai /s/ Michael J. Baughman 
 S. L. Karsanbhai Michael J. Baughman 
 President Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 16 

Results of Operations 
 Years ended September 30 
 (Dollars in Item 7 are in millions, except per share amounts or where noted) 

2021 2022 2023 22 vs. 21 23 vs. 22 Net sales 12,932 13,804 15,165 7 10 Gross profit 5,730 6,306 7,427 10 18 Percent of sales 44.3 45.7 49.0 1.4 pts 3.3 pts SG A 3,494 3,614 4,186 Percent of sales 27.0 26.2 27.6 (0.8) pts 1.4 pts Gain on subordinated interest (453) (161) Other deductions, net 319 519 683 Amortization of intangibles 277 336 482 Restructuring costs 132 75 72 Interest expense, net 155 194 34 Interest income from related party (41) Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes 1,762 2,432 2,726 38 12 Percent of sales 13.6 17.6 18.0 4.0 pts 0.4 pts Earnings from continuing operations common stockholders 1,414 1,886 2,152 33 14 Percent of sales 10.9 13.7 14.2 2.8 pts 0.5 pts Net earnings common stockholders 2,303 3,231 13,219 40 309 Percent of sales 17.8 23.4 87.2 5.6 pts 63.8 pts Diluted EPS Earnings from continuing operations 2.35 3.16 3.72 34 18 Diluted EPS Net earnings 3.82 5.41 22.88 42 323 Adjusted Diluted EPS Earnings from continuing operations 3.01 3.64 4.44 21 22 Return on common stockholders' equity 25.2 31.9 85.1 6.7 pts 53.2 pts Return on total capital 18.1 20.4 66.5 2.3 pts 46.1 pts 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 
 Overall, sales for 2023 were 15.2 billion, up 10 percent compared with the prior year, reflecting strong growth across the majority of the Company's business segments and all geographies. 
 
 Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders were 2,152 in 2023, up 14 percent compared with prior year earnings of 1,886, and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were 3.72, up 18 percent versus 3.16 in 2022. Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were 4.44 compared with 3.64 in the prior year, reflecting strong sales growth and operating performance. 
 
 The Company generated operating cash flow from continuing operations of 2.7 billion in 2023, an increase of 678, or 33 percent, reflecting higher earnings (excluding the impacts in both years from the Vertiv subordinated interest gains and higher Heritage AspenTech intangibles amortization in the current year). 
 
 The table below presents the Company's diluted earnings per share from continuing operations on an adjusted basis to facilitate period-to-period comparisons and provide additional insight into the underlying, ongoing operating performance of the Company. Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations excludes intangibles 
 17 

amortization expense, restructuring expense, first year purchase accounting related items and transaction-related costs, interest income on undeployed proceeds related to the Copeland transaction, gains or losses on the Copeland equity method investment, and certain gains, losses or impairments. 
 
 2021 2022 2023 Diluted earnings from continuing operations per share 2.35 3.16 3.72 Amortization of intangibles 0.38 0.45 0.62 Restructuring and related costs 0.21 0.14 0.14 Acquisition/divestiture costs and pre-acquisition interest on AspenTech debt 0.15 0.13 Gain on subordinated interest (0.60) (0.21) National Instruments investment gain (0.07) Other investment-related gains (0.02) AspenTech Micromine purchase price hedge 0.04 (0.02) Interest income on undeployed proceeds from Copeland transaction (0.19) Loss on Copeland equity method investment 0.24 Russia business exit charge 0.32 0.08 OSI first year acquisition accounting charges and fees 0.07 Adjusted diluted earnings from continuing operations per share 3.01 3.64 4.44 
 The table below summarizes the changes in adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations. The items identified below are discussed throughout MD A, see further discussion above and in the Business Segments and Financial Position sections below. 2022 2023 Adjusted diluted earnings from continuing operations per share - prior year 3.01 3.64 Operations, including impact of AspenTech acquisition 0.58 0.77 Corporate and other 0.07 Stock compensation 0.12 (0.16) Foreign currency (0.02) (0.12) Pensions 0.03 0.07 Gains on sales of capital assets in 2022 0.02 (0.02) Gains on sales of investments in 2021 (0.03) Effective tax rate (0.09) 0.01 Interest income on Copeland note receivable 0.05 Other (0.01) (0.01) Share repurchases 0.03 0.14 Adjusted diluted earnings from continuing operations per share - current year 3.64 4.44 
 NET SALES 
 Net sales for 2023 were 15.2 billion, an increase of 1.4 billion, or 10 percent compared with 2022. Intelligent Devices sales increased 7 percent, while Software and Control sales increased 20 percent, which included the impact of the Heritage AspenTech acquisition. Underlying sales were up 10 percent on 6 percent higher volume and 4 percent higher price. Foreign currency translation subtracted 2 percent, the Heritage AspenTech acquisition added 3 percent and the divestiture of Metran, Emerson's Russia-based manufacturing subsidiary, deducted 1 percent. Underlying sales were up 11 percent in the U.S. and up 9 percent internationally. 
 
 Net sales for 2022 were 13.8 billion, an increase of 0.9 billion, or 7 percent compared with 2021 . Intelligent Devices sales increased 5 percent, while Software and Control sales increased 16 percent. Underlying sales increased 7 percent on 4 percent higher volume and 3 percent higher price. The Heritage AspenTech acquisition 
 18 

added 3 percent and fo reign currency translation deducted 3 percent. Underlying sales were up 12 percent in the U.S. and up 5 percent internationally. 
 
 INTERNATIONAL SALES 
 Emerson is a global business with international sales representing 58 percent of total sales in 2023, including U.S. exports . The Company generally expects faster economic growth in emerging markets in Asia, Latin America, Eastern Europe and Middle East/Africa. 
 
 International destination sales, including U.S. exports, increased 9 percent, to 8.9 billion in 2023, reflecting the Company's overall increase in sales and the impact of the Heritage AspenTech acquisition. U.S. expo rts of 1.0 billion were up 6 percent compared with 2022. Underlying international destination sales were up 9 percent, as foreign currency translation had a 3 percent unfavorable imp act on the comparison, the Heritage AspenTech acquisition added 3 percent and the divestiture of Metran, Emerson's Russia-based manufacturing subsidiary, deducted 1 percent. Underlying sales increased 10 percent in Europe, 9 percent in Asia, Middle East Africa (China up 4 percent), 14 percent in Latin America and 1 percent in Canada. Origin sales by international subsidiaries, including shipments to the U.S., totaled 7.7 billion in 2023, up 5 percent compared with 2022. 
 
 International destination sales, including U.S. exports, increased 2 percent, to 8.2 billion in 2022, reflecting the impact of the Heritage AspenTech acquisition. U.S . exports of 1.0 billion were up 51 percent compared with 2021, including an increase of approximately 200 due to the Heritage AspenTech acquisition . Underlying international destination sales were up 5 percent, as foreign currency translation had a 5 percent unfavorable impact on the comparison and the Heritage AspenTech acquisition added 2 percent. Underlying sales increased 5 percent in Asia, Middle East Africa (China up 11 percent), 18 percent in Latin Americ a and 14 percent in Canada, while Europe was down slightly. Origin sales by international subsidiaries, including shipments to the U.S., totaled 7.4 billion in 2022, down 2 percent compared with 2021. 
 
 ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES 
 Portfolio management is an integral component of Emerson's growth and value creation strategy. Over the past two years, the Company has taken significant actions to accelerate the transformation of its portfolio through the completion of strategic acquisitions and divestitures of non-core businesses. These actions were undertaken to create a higher growth and cohesive industrial technology portfolio as a global automation leader serving a diversified set of end markets. The Company s recent portfolio actions include the following transactions: 
 
 On October 11, 2023, subsequent to Emerson's fiscal year-end, the Company completed the acquisition of National Instruments Corporation ("NI") at an equity value of 8.2 billion. NI, which provides software-connected automated test and measurement systems that enable enterprises to bring products to market faster and at a lower cost, had revenues of approximately 1.7 billion and pretax earnings of approximately 170 for the 12 months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 In 2023, the Company acquired two businesses, Flexim, which will be reported in the Measurement Analytical segment, and Afag, which will be reported in the Discrete Automation segment, for 705, net of cash acquired. 
 
 On March 31, 2023, Emerson completed the divestiture of Metran, its Russia-based manufacturing subsidiary. In 2023, the Company recognized a pretax loss of 47 in Other deductions 47 after-tax, in total 0.08 per share) related to its exit of business operations in Russia. The Company had previously announced its intention to exit business operations in 2022 and recognized a pretax loss of 181 190 after-tax, in total 0.32 per share). This charge included a loss of 36 in operations and 145 reported in Other deductions 10 of which is reported in restructuring costs) and was primarily non-cash. Emerson's historical net sales in Russia represented approximately 2.0 percent of consolidated annual sales. 
 
 On May 31, 2023, the Company completed the previously announced sale of a majority stake in its Climate Technologies business (which constitutes the former Climate Technologies segment, excluding Therm-O-Disc which was divested earlier in 2022) to private equity funds managed by Blackstone in a 14.0 billion transaction. The Company recognized a pretax gain of approximately 10.6 billion (approximately 8.4 billion after-tax including tax expense recognized in prior quarters related to subsidiary restructurings). The new standalone business is named Copeland. 
 
 19 

On October 31, 2022, the Company completed the divestiture of its InSinkErator business, which manufactures food waste disposers, to Whirlpool Corporation for 3.0 billion, and the Company recognized a pretax gain of approximately 2.8 billion (approximately 2.1 billion after-tax) in 2023. 
 
 On May 31, 2022 the Company completed the divestiture of its Therm-O-Disc sensing and protection technologies business to an affiliate of One Rock Capital Partners, LLC. The Company recognized a pretax gain of 486 429 after-tax) in 2022. 
 
 Climate Technologies, Therm-O-Disc and InSinkErator are reported within discontinued operations for all periods presented. 
 
 On May 16, 2022, the Company completed the transactions contemplated by its definitive agreement with Aspen Technology, Inc. ("Heritage AspenTech") to contribute two of Emerson's stand-alone industrial software businesses, Open Systems International, Inc. and the Geological Simulation Software business (collectively, the Emerson Industrial Software Business ), along with approximately 6.0 billion in cash to Heritage AspenTech stockholders, to create "New AspenTech" (defined as "AspenTech" herein). Upon closing of the transaction, Emerson owned 55 percent of the outstanding shares of AspenTech common stock (on a fully diluted basis). AspenTech and its subsidiaries now operate under Heritage AspenTech s previous name Aspen Technology, Inc. and AspenTech common stock is traded on NASDAQ under AspenTech s previous stock ticker symbol AZPN. Due to the timing of the acquisition, the results for the first half of fiscal 2022 do not include the results of Heritage AspenTech. 
 
 On October 1, 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of Open Systems International, Inc. (OSI), a leading operations technology software provider in the global power industry, for approximately 1.6 billion, net of cash acquired. This business had net sales of 191 in 2021 and is now reported in the AspenTech segment. 
 
 See Notes 4, 5, 8 and 23 and Item 1A - "Risk Factors" for further information on acquisitions and divestitures. 
 
 COST OF SALES 
 Cost of sales for 2023 were 7,738, an increase of 240 compared with 7,498 in 2022. Gross profit was 7,427 in 2023 compared to 6,306 in 2022, while gross margin increased 3.3 percentage poi nts to 49.0 percent due to favorable price less net material inflation, the impact of the Heritage AspenTech acquisition which benefited margins by 0.6 percentage points, and favorable mix. 
 
 Cost of sales for 2022 were 7,498 , an increase of 296 compared with 7,202 in 2021 , primarily due to higher sales volume and higher materials costs. G ross profit was 6,306 in 2022 compared to 5,730 in 2021 , while gross margin increased 1.4 percentage points to 45.7 percent. The Heritage AspenTech acquisition benefited gross margin 0.9 percentage points and favorable mix also contributed to the increase. Price less net material inflation was favorable but had a slightly dilutive impact on margins, while higher freight and other inflation also negatively impacted margins. 
 
 SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 
 SG A expenses of 4,186 in 2023 increased 572 compared with 2022 and SG A as a percent of sales increased 1.4 percentage points to 27.6 percent, reflecting the Heritage AspenTech acquisition and higher stock compensation expense of 125, of which 75 related to Emerson stock plans due to a higher share price and 50 was attributable to AspenTech stock plans. These items were partially offset by strong operating leverage on higher sales. 
 
 SG A expenses of 3,614 in 2022 increased 120 compared with 2021, reflecting the impact of higher sales and higher wage and other inflation. SG A as a percent of sales decreased 0.8 percentage points to 26.2 percent, reflecting lower stock compensation expense of 72 due to a lower share price in 2022 (0.6 percentage points) and leverage on higher sales. 
 
 GAIN ON SUBORDINATED INTEREST 
 In the first quarter of 2022, the Company received a distribution of 438 related to its subordinated interest in Vertiv (in total, a pretax gain of 453 was recognized in the first quarter of 2022, 358 after-tax, 0.60 per share) and received the remaining 15 related to the pretax gain in the first quarter of 2023. In 2023, the Company received additional distributions totaling 161 122 after-tax, 0.21 per share). Based on the terms of the agreement and the current calculation, the Company could receive additional distributions of approximately 40. The remaining distributions are contingent on the timing and price at which Vertiv shares are sold by the equity holders and therefore, there can be no assurance as to the amount or timing of the remaining distributions to the Company. 
 20 

OTHER DEDUCTIONS, NET 
 Other deductions, net were 683 in 2023, an increase of 164 compared with 2022, reflecting a loss of 177 on the Company's equity method investment in Copeland, higher intangibles amortization of 146 primarily related to the Heritage AspenTech acquisition, and an unfavorable impact from foreign currency transactions of 112 reflecting losses in the current year compared to gains in the prior year. The prior year included a charge of 145 related to the Company exiting its business in Russia compared to a charge of 47 in the current year . The current year also included a mark-to-market gain of 56 on the Company's equity investment in NI, and a mark-to-market gain of 24 related to foreign currency forward contracts entered into by AspenTech to mitigate the impact of foreign currency exchange associated with the Micromine purchase price compared to a loss of 50 in the prior year. On June 21, 2023, AspenTech terminated all outstanding foreign currency forward contracts. 
 
 Other deductions, net were 519 in 2022, an increase of 200 compared with 2021 , reflecting a charge of 145 related to the Company exiting its business in Russia 10 of which is reported in restructuring costs), acquisition/divestiture costs of 91, higher intangibles amortization of 59, primarily related to the Heritage AspenTech acquisition, and a mark-to-market loss of 50 related to foreign currency forward contracts entered into by AspenTech to mitigate the impact of foreign currency exchange associated with the Micromine purchase price. These items were partially offset by lower restructuring costs of 57. See Notes 6 and 7. 
 
 INTEREST EXPENSE, NET 
 Interest expense, net was 34 , 194 and 155 in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in 2023 reflects interest income on undeployed proceeds from the Copeland transaction of 141 108 after-tax, 0.19 per share). The increase in 2022 compared to 2021 reflects the issuance of 3 billion of long-term debt in December 2021 to support the AspenTech transaction, partially offset by 500 of notes that matured in the first quarter of 2022. 
 
 Interest income from related party was 41 in 2023 and reflects n on-cash interest income on the Copeland note receivable, which is capitalized to the carrying value of the note. 
 
 EARNINGS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 
 Pretax earnings from conti nuing operations of 2,726 increased 294 in 2023, up 12 percent compared with 2022, reflecting strong operating results in the current year. Earnings increased 447 in Intelligent Devices and decreased 27 in Software and Control (reflecting the impact of higher intangibles amortization due to the Heritage AspenTech acquisition). 
 
 Pretax earnings from continuing operations of 2,432 increased 670 in 2022, up 38 percent compared with 2021, reflecting the impact of the Vertiv gain discussed above and strong earnings, which increased 340 in Intelligent Devices and increased 74 in Software and Contr ol. See the Business Segments discussion that follows and Note 20. 
 
 INCOME TAXES 
 In come taxes were 599, 549 and 346 for 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, resulting in effective tax rates of 22 percent, 23 percent and 20 percent in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The rate in 2022 reflected the impact of the Russia business exit which was essentially offset by a benefit related to the completion of tax examinations. See Note 16. 
 
 NET EARNINGS AND EARNINGS PER SHARE 
 Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders in 2023 were 2,152, up 14 percent compared with 2022, and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were 3.72, up 18 percent compared with 3.16 in 2022, reflecting strong operating results. Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were 4.44 compared with 3.64 in the prior year. See the analysis of adjusted earnings per share in the Overview section for further detai ls. Earnings from discontinued operations attributable to common stockholders in 2023 were 11,067 19.16 per share) which included the 8.4 billion after-tax gain on the Copeland transaction and the 2.1 billion after-tax gain on the divestiture of InSinkErator, compared to 1,345 2.25 per share) in 2022. See Note 5. N et earnings attributable to common stockholders were 13,219 22.88 per share) compared with 3,231 5.41 per share) in 2022 . 
 
 Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders in 2022 were 1,886 , up 33 percent compared with 2021 , and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were 3.16, up 34 percent compared with 2.35 in 2021. Results reflected strong operating results and included a gain of 0.60 per share related to the Company's subordinated interest in Vertiv. Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing 
 21 

operations were 3.64 compared with 3.01 in the prior year. See the analysis of adjusted earnings per share in the Overview section for further details. Earnin gs from discontinued operations attributable to common stockholders in 2022 wer e 1,345 2.25 per share) compared to 889 1.47 per share) in 2021, reflecting an after-tax gain of 429 0.72 per share) related to the Therm-O-Disc divestiture in 2022. See Note 5. Net earnings common stockholders w ere 3,231 5.41 per share) in 2022 compared with 2,303 3.82 per share) in 2021 . 
 
 The table below, which shows results on an adjusted EBITA basis, is intended to supplement the Company's 
 discussion of its results of operations herein. 
 
 Twelve Months Ended September 30 2021 2022 2023 22 vs. 21 23 vs. 22 Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes 1,762 2,432 2,726 38 12 Percent of sales 13.6 17.6 18.0 4.0 pts 0.4 pts Interest expense, net 155 194 34 Interest income from related party (41) Amortization of intangibles 304 430 678 Restructuring and related costs 166 105 92 Acquisition/divestiture and related costs 91 84 Gain on subordinated interest (453) (161) National Instruments investment gain (56) Other investment-related gains (14) AspenTech Micromine purchase price hedge 50 (24) Loss on Copeland equity method investment 177 Russia business exit charge 181 47 OSI first year acquisition accounting charges 50 Adjusted EBITA from continuing operations 2,437 3,016 3,556 24 18 Percent of sales 18.8 21.8 23.4 3.0 pts 1.6 pts 
 
 RETURNS ON EQUITY AND TOTAL CAPITAL 
 Return on common stockholders' equity (net earnings attributable to common stockholders divided by average common stockholders' equity) was 85.1 percent in 2023 compared with 31.9 percent in 2022 and 25.2 percent in 2021. Return on total capital (computed as net earnings attributable to common stockholders excluding after-tax net interest expense, divided by average common stockholders' equity plus short- and long-term debt less cash and short-term investments) was 66.5 percent in 2023 compared with 20.4 percent in 2022 and 18.1 percent in 2021. The higher returns in 2023 included the impact of the after-tax gain from the Copeland transaction (approximately 8.4 billion), the after-tax gain on the InSinkErator divestiture (approximately 2.1 billion), the Vertiv subordinated interest after-tax gain of 122, the National Instruments investment after-tax gain of 43, the after-tax loss on the Copeland equity method investment of 134, after-tax acquisition/divestiture costs of 78, and the Russia business exit after-tax loss of 47. The higher returns in 2022 included the impact of the Vertiv subordinated interest after-tax gain of 358, the after-tax gain on the Therm-O-Disc divestiture of 429, after-tax acquisition/divestiture costs of 93 (including amounts reported in discontinued operations), and the Russia business exit after-tax loss of 190. Excluding these items in both years, return on common stockholders' equity was 17.9 percent and 26.9 percent in 2023 and 2022, respectively, and return on total capital was 14.0 percent and 17.4 percent, respectively. The decrease in 2023 reflects the increase to equity from the after-tax gains on the Copeland transaction and InSinkErator divestiture. 

Business Segments 
 Following is an analysis of segment results for 2023 compared with 2022, and 2022 compared with 2021. The Company defines segment earnings as earnings before interest and income taxes. 
 22 

INTELLIGENT DEVICES 2022 2023 Change FX Acq/Div U/L Sales: Final Control 3,607 3,970 10 2 1 13 Measurement Analytical 3,215 3,595 12 2 2 16 Discrete Automation 2,612 2,635 1 2 3 Safety Productivity 1,402 1,388 (1) (1) Total 10,836 11,588 7 2 1 10 Earnings: Final Control 592 865 46 Measurement Analytical 785 936 19 Discrete Automation 542 509 (6) Safety Productivity 250 306 22 Total 2,169 2,616 21 Margin 20.0 22.6 2.6 pts Amortization of intangibles: Final Control 94 88 Measurement Analytical 21 27 Discrete Automation 30 29 Safety Productivity 26 26 Total 171 170 Restructuring and related costs: Final Control 75 28 Measurement Analytical 3 13 Discrete Automation 27 Safety Productivity 10 Total 88 68 Adjusted EBITA 2,428 2,854 18 Adjusted EBITA Margin 22.4 24.6 2.2 pts 
 
 2023 vs. 2022 - Intelligent Devices sales were 11.6 billion in 2023, an increase of 752, or 7 percent. Underlying sales increased 10 percent on 5 percent higher volume and 5 percent higher price. Underlying sales increased 11 percent in the Americas (U.S. up 12 percent), increased 9 percent in Europe and increased 8 percent in Asia, Middle East Africa (China up 2 percent). Sales for Final Control increased 363, or 10 percent. Underlying sales increased 13 percent, reflecting strength in chemical and energy end markets and across all geographies, particularly in the U.S. Sa les for Measurement Analytical increased 380, or 12 percent. Underlying sales increased 16 percent, reflecting robust growth in the Americas and Europe due to strong demand, while Asia, Middle East Africa was up moderately due to softness in China. D iscrete Automation sales increased 23, or 1 percent, while underlying sales increased 3 percent, reflecting softening demand in the second half of the year, with all geographies up low-to-mid single digits for the full year. Safety Productivity sales decreased 14, or 1 percent, and underlying sales decreased 1 percent, reflecting softness in the Americas and Europe, while Asia, Middle East Africa was up slightly. Earnings for Intellig ent Devices were 2,616 , an increase of 447 , or 21 percent , and margin increased 2.6 percentage points to 22.6 percent, reflecting favorable price less net material inflation, leverage on higher sales and favorable mix, partially offset by wage and other inflation. Adj usted EBITA margin was 24.6 percent , an increase of 2.2 percentage points. 
 
 23 

INTELLIGENT DEVICES 2021 2022 Change FX Acq/Div U/L Sales: Final Control 3,488 3,607 4 3 7 Measurement Analytical 3,078 3,215 4 3 7 Discrete Automation 2,474 2,612 6 4 10 Safety Productivity 1,340 1,402 5 2 7 Total 10,380 10,836 5 3 8 Earnings: Final Control 432 592 37 Measurement Analytical 684 785 15 Discrete Automation 457 542 18 Safety Productivity 256 250 (2) Total 1,829 2,169 19 Margin 17.6 20.0 2.4 pts Amortization of intangibles: Final Control 107 94 Measurement Analytical 25 21 Discrete Automation 34 30 Safety Productivity 28 26 Total 194 171 Restructuring and related costs: Final Control 66 75 Measurement Analytical 58 3 Discrete Automation 11 Safety Productivity 4 10 Total 139 88 Adjusted EBITA 2,162 2,428 12 Adjusted EBITA Margin 20.8 22.4 1.6 pts 
 
 2022 vs. 2021 - Intelligent Devices sales were 10.8 billion in 2022, an increase of 456, or 5 percent. Underlying sales increased 8 percent on 5 percent higher volume and 3 percent higher price. Foreign currency translation had a 3 percent unfavorable impact. Underlying sales increased 12 percent in the Americas (U.S. up 12 percent), increased 1 percent in Europe and increased 5 percent in Asia, Middle East Africa (China up 11 percent). Sales for Final Control increased 119, or 4 percent, and underlying sales increased 7 percent, reflecting strong demand in the Americas and China, partially offset by softness in the rest of Asia, Middle East Africa. Sales for Measurement Analytical increased 137, or 4 percent, and underlying sales increased 7 percent. Sales were strong in China and North America, while sales were down moderately in Europe due to supply chain constraints. Discrete Automation sales increased 138, or 6 percent, and underlying sales increased 10 percent, reflecting strong demand across all geographies. Safety Productivity sales increased 62, or 5 percent, and underlying sales increased 7 percent. Sales of professional tools were strong, while wet/dry vacuums decreased moderately due to difficult comparisons. Earnings for Intelligent Devices were 2,169, an increase of 340, or 19 percent, and margin increased 2.4 percentage points to 20.0 percent, reflecting leverage on higher volume, favorable mix, lower restructuring expenses which benefited margins 0.5 percentage points, savings from cost reduction actions and favorable price less net material inflation, partially offset by higher freight and other inflation. Adjusted EBITA margin was 22.4 percent, an increase of 1.6 percentage points. 
 24 

SOFTWARE AND CONTROL 2022 2023 Change FX Acq/Div U/L Sales: Control Systems Software 2,398 2,606 9 1 1 11 AspenTech 656 1,042 59 (60) (1) Total 3,054 3,648 20 1 (11) 10 Earnings: Control Systems Software 437 529 21 AspenTech 12 (107) (967) Total 449 422 (6) Margin 14.7 11.6 (3.1) pts Amortization of intangibles: Control Systems Software 22 22 AspenTech 237 486 Total 259 508 Restructuring and related costs: Control Systems Software 11 9 AspenTech 1 Total 11 10 Adjusted EBITA 719 940 31 Adjusted EBITA Margin 23.5 25.8 2.3 pts 
 2023 vs. 2022 - Software and Control sales were 3.6 billion in 2023, an increase of 594, or 20 percent compared to the prior year, reflecting the impact of the Heritage AspenTech acquisition and strong growth in Control Systems Software. Underlying sales increased 10 percent on 8 percent higher volume and 2 percent higher price. Underlying sales increased 7 percent in the Americas (U.S. up 6 percent), increased 11 percent in Europe and increased 13 percent in Asia, Middle East Africa (China up 16 percent). Sales for Control Systems Software increased 208, or 9 percent, and underlying sales increased 11 percent, reflecting global strength in process end markets while power end markets were up modestly. Sales for AspenTech increased 386, or 59 percent, due to the acquisition of Heritage AspenTech. Earnings for Software and Control were 422, a decrease of 27, or 6 percent, and margin decreased 3.1 percentage points to 11.6 percent, reflecting the impact from 249 of incremental intangibles amortization related to the Heritage AspenTech acquisition. Adjusted EBITA margin was 25.8 percent, an increase of 2.3 percentage points, reflecting leverage on higher sales, higher price and favorable mix, partially offset by inflation and unfavorable foreign currency transactions. 
 25 

SOFTWARE AND CONTROL 2021 2022 Change FX Acq/Div U/L Sales: Control Systems Software 2,321 2,398 3 4 7 AspenTech 319 656 106 (106) Total 2,640 3,054 16 4 (13) 7 Earnings: Control Systems Software 382 437 14 AspenTech (7) 12 269 Total 375 449 20 Margin 14.2 14.7 0.5 pts Amortization of intangibles: Control Systems Software 20 22 AspenTech 89 237 Total 109 259 Restructuring and related costs: Control Systems Software 11 11 AspenTech 2 Total 13 11 Adjusted EBITA 497 719 45 Adjusted EBITA Margin 18.8 23.5 4.7 pts 
 2022 vs. 2021 - Software and Control sales were 3.1 billion in 2022, an increase of 414, or 16 percent compared to 2021, reflecting the impact of the Heritage AspenTech acquisition and growth in Control Systems Software. Underlying sales increased 7 percent on higher volume. Underlying sales increased 13 percent in the Americas (U.S. up 12 percent), decreased 4 percent in Europe and increased 6 percent in Asia, Middle East Africa (China up 11 percent). Sales for Control Systems Software increased 77, or 3 percent, and underlying sales increased 7 percent, reflecting strength in process end markets in North America and China, partially offset by weakness in Europe, while power end markets were strong in North America and Europe. Sales for AspenTech increased 337, or 106 percent, due to the acquisition of Heritage AspenTech. Earnings for Software and Control were 449, an increase of 74, or 20 percent, and margin increased 0.5 percentage points to 14.7 percent. Results for 2022 included intangibles amortization of 148 related to the Heritage AspenTech acquisition. Adjusted EBITA margin was 23.5 percent, an increase of 4.7 percentage points, reflecting the impact of the Heritage AspenTech acquisition and leverage on higher volume in Control Systems Software. 

Financial Position, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Emerson maintains a conservative financial structure to provide the strength and flexibility necessary to achieve our strategic objectives and efficiently deploy cash where needed worldwide to fund operations, complete acquisitions and sustain long-term growth. Emerson is in a strong financial position, with total assets of 43 billion and stockholders' equity of 21 billion, and has the resources available for reinvestment in existing businesses, strategic acquisitions and managing its capital structure on a short- and long-term basis. 
 
 The Company continues to generate substantial operating cash flow, including over 2.7 billion from continuing operations in 2023. Cash flows have been and are expected to be sufficient for at least the next 12 months to meet the Company s operating requirements, including those related to salaries and wages, working capital, capital expenditures, and other liquidity requirements associated with operations. Th e Company also has certain contractual obligations, primarily long-term debt and operating leases (see Notes 9, 12 and 13). The Company has been able to readily meet all its funding requirements and currently believes that sufficient funds will be available to meet its needs for the foreseeable future through operating cash flow, existing resources, short- and long-term debt capacity, or its 3.5 billion revolving backup credit facility under which it has not incurred any borrowings. 
 26 

CASH FLOW 2021 2022 2023 Operating Cash Flow 2,458 2,048 2,726 Percent of sales 19.0 14.8 18.0 Capital Expenditures 404 299 363 Percent of sales 3.1 2.2 2.4 Free Cash Flow (Operating Cash Flow less Capital Expenditures) 
 2,054 1,749 2,363 Percent of sales 15.9 12.7 15.6 Operating Working Capital 457 990 1,283 Percent of sales 3.5 7.2 8.5 
 
 Operating cash flow from continuing operations for 2023 was 2.7 billion, an increase of 678, or 33 percent compared with 2022, reflecting higher earnings (excluding the impacts in both years from the Vertiv subordinated interest gains and higher Heritage AspenTech intangibles amortization in the current year). Operating cash flow included approximately 310 generated by AspenTech. Operating cash flow from continuing operations of 2.0 billion in 2022 decreased 17 percent compared to 2.5 billion in 2021, reflecting higher working capital due to increased sales and ongoing supply chain constraints. 
 
 At September 30, 2023, operating working capital as a percent of sales was 8.5 percent compared with 7.2 percent in 2022 and 3.5 percent in 2021. Operating working capital remained elevated in 2023 due to higher inventory levels to support sales growth and higher receivables. The increase for 2022 compared to 2021 was due to higher inventory levels to support sales growth and reflecting supply chain constraints. In addition, the Heritage AspenTech acquisition increased operating working capital by approximately 250 in 2022. As of September 30, 2023, Emerson's cash and equivalents totaled 8.1 billion, reflecting the after-tax proceeds related to the Copeland transaction, which were used along with other available liquidity to fund the National Instruments transaction subsequent to year-end (see the Leverage/Capitalization section for further discussion of Emerson's post-close financial position). Going forward, Copeland is not expected to issue dividends to the Company but will distribute cash for the Company to pay its share of U.S. taxes. The Company's cash also includes approximately 120 attributable to AspenTech which is intended to be used for its own purposes and is not available to return to Emerson shareholders. 
 
 Free cash flow from continuing operations (operating cash flow less capital expenditures) was 2,363 in 2023, up 35 percent, reflecting the increase in operating cash flow. Free cash flow from continuing operations was 1,749 in 2022, compared with 2,054 in 2021. Net cash paid in connection with acquisitions was 705, 5,702 and 1,592 in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Total cash provided by operating activities including the impact of discontinued operations was 637, 2,922 and 3,575 in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in 2023 was due to approximately 2.3 billion of income taxes paid related to the gains on the Copeland transaction and InSinkErator divestiture and subsidiary restructurings related to the Copeland transaction. Investing cash flow from discontinued operations of 12.5 billion in 2023 reflects the proceeds from the Copeland transaction and InSinkErator divestiture. 
 
 On March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was enacted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, and among other things, provides tax relief to businesses. Tax provisions of the CARES Act included the deferral of certain payroll taxes, relief for retaining employees, and other provisions. The Company deferred 73 of certain payroll taxes through the end of calendar year 2020, of which approximately 37 was paid in December 2021 and the remainder paid in December 2022. 
 
 Dividends were 1,198 2.08 per share) in 2023, compared with 1,223 2.06 per share) in 2022 and 1,210 2.02 per share) in 2021. In November 2023, the Board of Directors voted to increase the quarterly cash dividend 1 percent, to an annualized rate of 2.10 per share. 
 
 Purchases of Emerson common stock totaled 2,000, 500 and 500 in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, at average per share prices of 94.09, 87.64 and 94.65. AspenTech repurchases were 214 in 2023, which increased the Company's common ownership percentage to approximately 57 percent. 
 27 

In November 2015, the Board of Directors authorized the purchase of up to 70 million shares, and during 2022, the remaining shares available under this authorization were purchased. In March 2020, the Board of Directors authorized the purchase of an a dditional 60 million shares and a total of approximately 33.3 million shares remain available. The Company purchased 21.3 million shares in 2023, 5.7 million shares in 2022 and 5.3 million shares in 2021 under the authorizations. 
 LEVERAGE/CAPITALIZATION 2021 2022 2023 Total Assets 24,715 35,672 42,746 Long-term Debt 5,793 8,259 7,610 Common Stockholders' Equity 9,883 10,364 20,689 Total Debt-to-Total Capital Ratio 40.3 50.0 28.3 Net Debt-to-Net Capital Ratio 30.4 45.3 0.5 Operating Cash Flow-to-Debt Ratio 36.9 19.7 33.4 Interest Coverage Ratio 11.6X 11.7X 11.5X 
 
 Total debt, which includes long-term debt, current maturities of long-term debt, commercial paper and other short-term borrowings, was 8,157, 10,374 and 6,665 as of September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in 2023 included a net reduction in short-term borrowings of approximately 1.6 billion and repayments of long-term debt of 741 (including 264 related to AspenTech's repayment of the outstanding balance on its existing term loan facility plus accrued interest). The increase in 2022 was due to the issuance of 3 billion of long-term debt and increased commercial paper borrowings of approximately 1.3 billion compared to September 30, 2021. The Company used the net proceeds from the sale of the notes and the increased commercial paper borrowings to fund the majority of its contribution of approximately 6.0 billion to existing stockholders of Heritage AspenTech as part of the transaction. Long-term debt was issued in December 2021 as follows: 1 billion of 2.0 notes due December 2028, 1 billion of 2.2 notes due December 2031, and 1 billion of 2.8 notes due December 2051. Additionally, the Company repaid 500 of 2.625 notes that matured in 2022, and in 2021 repaid 300 of 4.25 notes that matured. See Note 4 and Note 13. 
 
 The total debt-to-total capital ratio and net debt-to-net capital ratio (less cash and short-term investments) decreased in 2023 due to the proceeds and after-tax gains (which increased common stockholder's equity) on the Copeland transaction and InSinkErator divestiture. Considering the cash paid to complete the National Instruments transaction in October 2023, the Company's net debt-to-net capital ratio was approximately 29.0 percent, reflecting moderate levels of debt consistent with prior years. These ratios increased in 2022 due to the increased borrowings to support the AspenTech transaction discussed above. The interest coverage ratio is computed as earnings before income taxes plus interest expense, divided by interest expense. The Company's earnings increased in 2023 and 2022 which offset higher interest expense due to the increased long-term debt and commercial paper borrowings to fund the Heritage AspenTech acquisition. 
 
 In February 2023, the Company entered into a 3.5 billion five-year revolving backup credit facility with various banks, which replaced the May 2018 3.5 billion facility. The credit facility is maintained to support general corporate purposes, including commercial paper borrowings. The Company has not incurred any borrowings under this or previous facilities. The credit facility contains no financial covenants and is not subject to termination based on a change of credit rating or material adverse changes. The facility is unsecured and may be accessed under various interest rate alternatives at the Company s option. Fees to maintain the facility are immaterial. The Company also maintains a universal shelf registration statement on file with the SEC under which it can issue debt securities, preferred stock, common stock, warrants, share purchase contracts or share purchase units without a predetermined limit. Securities can be sold in one or more separate offerings with the size, price and terms to be determined at the time of sale. 
 
 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is exposed to changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates due to its worldwide presence and diverse business pr ofile and selectively uses derivative financial instruments, including forwards, swaps and purchased options to manage these risks. The Company does not hold 
 28 

derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. The value of derivatives and other financial instruments is subject to change as a result of market movements in rates and prices. Sensitivity analysis is one technique used to fo recast the impact of these movements. Based on a hypothetical 10 percent increase in interest rates or a 10 percent weakening in the U.S. dollar across all currencies, the potential losses in future earnings, fair value or cash flows are not material. Sensitivity analysis has limitations; for example, a weaker U.S. dollar would benefit future earnings through favorable translation of non-U.S. operating results. See Notes 1, and 11 through 13. 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 Preparation of the Company's financial statements requires management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates regarding uncertainties that could affect reported revenue, expenses, assets, liabilities and equity. Note 1 describes the significant accounting policies used in preparation of the consolidated financial statements. The most significant areas where management judgments and estimates impact the primary financial statements are described below. Actual results in these areas could differ materially from management's estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 
 REVENUE RECOGNITION 
 The Company evaluates its contracts with customers to identify the promised goods or services and recognizes revenue for the identified performance obligations at the amount the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to a customer. Revenue is recognized when, or as, performance obligations are satisfied and control has transferred to the customer, typically when products are shipped or delivered, title and risk of loss pass to the customer, and the Company has a present right to payment. The majority of the Company's revenues relate to a broad offering of manufactured products and software which are recognized at the point in time when control transfers, generally in accordance with shipping terms, or the first day of the contractual term for software. A portion of the Company's revenues relate to the sale of post-contract customer support, parts and labor for repairs, and engineering services. 
 
 In some circumstances, contracts include multiple performance obligations, where revenue is recognized separately for each good or service, as well as contracts where revenue is recognized over time as control transfers to the customer. Tangible products represent a large majority of the delivered items in contracts with multiple performance obligations or where revenue is recognized over time, while a smaller portion is attributable to installation, service and maintenance. In sales arrangements that involve multiple performance obligations, revenue is allocated based on the relative standalone selling price for each performance obligation. Observable selling prices from actual transactions are used whenever possible. In other instances, the Company determines the standalone selling price based on thi rd-party pricing or management's best estimate. For projects where revenue is recognized over time, the Company typically uses an input method to determine progress and recognize revenue, based on costs incurred. The Company believes costs incurred closely correspond with its performance under the contract and the transfer of control to the customer. The Company also has software maintenance contracts where revenue is recognized ratably over the maintenance term. 
 
 VALUATION OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 
 Assets and liabilities acquired in business combinations, including intangible assets, are accounted for using the acquisition method and recorded at their respective fair values. In 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Aspen Technology, Inc. and engaged an independent third-party valuation specialist to assist in the determination of the fair value of intangible assets. This included the use of certain assumptions and estimates, including the projected revenue for the customer relationship and developed technology intangible asset and the obsolescence rate for the developed technology intangible asset. Although we believe the assumptions and estimates to be reasonable and appropriate, they require judgement and are based on experience and historical information obtained from Aspen Technology, Inc. 
 
 In 2023, the consideration received from the divestiture of a majority stake in Copeland included a note receivable with a face value of 2.25 billion and the Company also retained a 40 percent non-controlling common equity interest in Copeland. The note receivable and common equity interest were required to be initially valued at fair value as part of the overall consideration received for the transaction. The fair value of the common equity investment was determined using a discounted cash flow model, which included estimating financial projections for Copeland and applying an appropriate discount rate, and an option pricing model based on various assumptions. Fair value for the note receivable was determined using a market approach primarily based on interest rates for companies with similar credit quality and the expected duration of the note. 
 
 29 

LONG-LIVED ASSETS 
 Long-lived assets, which include property, plant and equipment, goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate impairment may exist. If the Company determines that the carrying value of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable, a permanent impairment charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds its estimated fair value. Reporting units are also reviewed for possible goodwill impairment at least annually, in the fourth quarter. If an initial assessment indicates it is more likely than not an impairment may exist, it is evaluated by comparing the reporting unit's estimated fair value to its carrying value. Fair value is generally estimated using an income approach that discounts estimated future cash flows using discount rates judged by management to be commensurate with the applicable risk. Estimates of future sales, operating results, cash flows and discount rates are subject to changes in the economic environment, including such factors as the general level of market interest rates, expected equity market returns and the volatility of markets served, particularly when recessionary economic circumstances continue for an extended period of time. 
 
 RETIREMENT PLANS 
 The Company maintains a prudent long-term investment strategy consistent with the duration of pension obligations. The determination of defined benefit plan expense and liabilities is dependent on various assumptions, including the expected annual rate of return on plan assets, the discount rate and the rate of annual compensation increases. In accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, actual results that differ from the Compa ny's assumptions are accumulated as deferred actuarial gains or losses and amortized to expense in future periods. The Company's principal U.S. defined benefit plan is closed to employees hired after January 1, 2016 while shorter-tenured employees ceased accruing benefits effective October 1, 2016. 
 
 As of September 30, 2023, the U.S. pension plans were overfunded by 656 in total (approximately 22 percent in excess of the projected benefit obligation), including unfunded plans totaling 159. The non-U.S. plans were underfunded by 62, including unfunded plans totaling 213. The Company contributed a total of 46 to defined benefit plans in 2023 and expects to contribute approximately 45 in 2024. At year-end 2023, the discount rate for U.S. plans was 6.03 percent, and was 5.64 percent in 2022. The assumed investment return on plan assets was 6.00 percent in 2023, 6.00 percent in 2022 and 6.50 percent in 2021, and will be 6.50 percent for 2024. While management believes its assumptions used are appropriate, actual experience may differ. A 0.25 percentage point decrease in the U.S. and non-U.S. discount rates would have increased the total projected benefit obligation at September 30, 2023 by 100 and increased 2024 pension expense by 15. A 0.25 percentage point decrease in the expected return on plan assets would increase 2024 pension expense by 15. See Note 1 4. 
 
 CONTINGENT LIABILITIES 
 The Company is a party to a number of pending legal proceedings and claims, including those involving general and product liability (including asbestos) and other matters, several of which claim substantial amounts of damages. The Company accrues for such liabilities when it is probable that future costs (including legal fees and expenses) will be incurred and such costs can be reasonably estimated. Accruals are based on developments to date; management's estimates of the outcomes of these matters; and the Company's experience in contesting, litigating and settling similar matters. T he Company engages an outside expert to develop an actuarial estimate of its expected costs to resolve all pending and future asbestos claims, including defense costs, as well as its related insurance receivables. The reserve for asbestos litigation, which is recorded on an undiscounted basis, is based on projected claims through 2065. 
 
 Although it is not possible to predict the ultimate outcome of these matters, the Company historically has been largely successful in defending itself against claims and suits that have been brought against it, and will continue to defend itself vigorously in all such matters. While the Company believes a material adverse impact is unlikely, given the inherent uncertainty of litigation, a remote possibility exists that a future development could have a material adverse impact on the Company. See Note 15. 
 
 INCOME TAXES 
 Income tax expense and tax assets and liabilities reflect management's assessment of taxes paid or expected to be paid (received) on items included in the financial statements. Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from temporary differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and consideration of operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred income taxes are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The impact on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are provided to reduce deferred tax assets to the 
 30 

amount that will more likely than not be realized. This requires management to make judgments and estimates regarding the amount and timing of the reversal of taxable temporary differences, expected future taxable income, and the impact of tax planning strategies. 
 
 Uncertainty exists regarding tax positions taken in previously filed tax returns which remain subject to examination, along with positions expected to be taken in future returns. The Company provides for unrecognized tax benefits, based on the technical merits, when it is more likely than not that an uncertain tax position will not be sustained upon examination. Adjustments are made to the uncertain tax positions when facts and circumstances change, such as the closing of a tax audit; changes in applicable tax laws, including tax case rulings and legislative guidance; or expiration of the applicable statute of limitations. 
 
 Cash repatriated to the U.S. is generally not subject to U.S. federal income taxes. No provision is made for withholding taxes and any applicable U.S. income taxes on the undistributed earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries where these earnings are considered indefinitely invested or otherwise retained for continuing international operations. Determination of the amount of taxes that might be paid on these undistributed earnings if eventually remitted is not practicable. See Notes 1 and 16. 
 
 Other Items 
 
 LEGAL MATTERS 
 At September 30, 2023, there were no known contingent liabilities (including guarantees, pending litigation, taxes and other claims) that management believes will be material in relation to the Company's financial statements, nor were there any material commit ments outside the normal course of business. 
 
 NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 In 2023, the Company adopted ASU No. 2021-10 (Topic 832), Government Assistance, which requires annual disclosures about certain types of government assistance received. This standard has no impact on the accounting for government assistance and did not materially impact the Company's disclosures. 
 
 In 2022, the Company adopted three accounting standard updates, and in 2021 adopted two accounting standard updates and one new accounting standard, each of which had an immaterial or no impact on the Company's financial statements. These included: 
 
 Updates to Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 805, Business Combinations , which clarify the accounting for contract assets and liabilities assumed in a business combination. In general, this will result in contract liabilities being recognized at their historical amounts under ASC 606, rather than at fair value in accordance with the general requirements of ASC 805. 
 
 Updates to ASC 740, Income Taxes , which require the recognition of a franchise tax that is partially based on income as an income-based tax with any incremental amount as a non-income based tax. These updates also make certain changes to intra-period tax allocation principles and interim tax calculations. 
 
 Updates to ASC 321, Equity Securities , ASC 323 Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures , and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , which clarify how to account for the transition into and out of the equity method of accounting when evaluating observable transactions. 
 
 Updates to ASC 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other , which eliminate the requirement to measure impairment based on the implied fair value of goodwill compared to the carrying amount of a reporting unit s goodwill. Instead, goodwill impairment will be measured as the excess of a reporting unit s carrying amount over its estimated fair value. 
 
 Updates to ASC 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other , which align the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a software hosting arrangement with the requirements for costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. 
 
 Adoption of ASC 326, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses , which amends the impairment model by requiring entities to use a forward-looking approach to estimate lifetime expected credit losses on certain types of financial instruments, including trade receivables. 
 31 

FISCAL 2024 OUTLOOK 
 For fiscal year 2024, consolidated net sales from continuing operations are expected to be up 13 to 15.5 percent, with underlying sales up 4 to 6 percent excluding a 1 percent unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation and a 10 to 10.5 percent impact from the NI acquisition. Earnings per share, which incorporate the NI acquisition other than as set forth below, are expected to be 3.82 to 4.02, while adjusted earnings per share are expected to be 5.15 to 5.35 (see the following reconciliation). 
 Outlook for Fiscal 2024 Earnings Per Share 2024 Diluted earnings per share 3.82 - 4.02 Amortization of intangibles ~ 0.67 Restructuring and related costs ~ 0.22 Acquisition/divestiture fees and related costs ~ 0.22 Copeland equity loss ~ 0.22 Adjusted diluted earnings per share 5.15 - 5.35 
 Operating cash flow is expected to be 3.0 to 3.1 billion and free cash flow, which excludes projected capital spending of approximately 0.4 billion, is expected to be 2.6 to 2.7 billion. The fiscal 2024 outlook assumes approximately 500 million returned to shareholders through share repurchases and approximately 1.2 billion of dividend payments. 
 GAAP earnings per share guidance for fiscal 2024 does not include the impact of intangibles amortization and other purchase accounting-related costs related to the NI transaction. The initial accounting for this transaction is not yet complete and therefore Emerson is unable to estimate these amounts. Although these items may have a significant impact on GAAP earnings per share, they will be excluded from adjusted earnings per share and will have no impact on cash flows. 

ITEM 7A - QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 The information from this Annual Report on Form 10-K set forth in Item 7 under "Financial Instruments" is hereby incorporated by reference. 

ITEM 8 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 See the Company's consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes and the report thereon of KPMG LLP (PCAOB ID that follow. 
 32 

Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Years ended September 30 
 (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 
 2021 2022 2023 Net sales Cost of sales Selling, general and administrative expenses Gain on subordinated interest ) ) Other deductions, net Interest expense, net of interest income of: 2021, ; 
 2022, ; 2023, 
 Interest income from related party ) Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes Income taxes Earnings from continuing operations Discontinued operations, net of tax of , and , respectively 
 Net earnings Less: Noncontrolling interests in earnings of subsidiaries ) ) Net earnings common stockholders Earnings common stockholders: Earnings from continuing operations Discontinued operations Net earnings common stockholders Basic earnings per share common stockholders: Earnings from continuing operations Discontinued operations Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per share common stockholders: Earnings from continuing operations Discontinued operations Diluted earnings per common share Weighted average outstanding shares: Basic Diluted 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 33 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Years ended September 30 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2021 2022 2023 Net earnings Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation ) Pension and postretirement ) Cash flow hedges ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income Less: Noncontrolling interests in comprehensive income of subsidiaries 
 ) ) Comprehensive income common stockholders 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 34 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. SUBSIDIARIES 
 Years ended September 30 (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 2022 2023 ASSETS Current assets Cash and equivalents Receivables, less allowances of in 2022 and in 2023 
 Inventories Other current assets Current assets held-for-sale Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Other assets Goodwill Other intangible assets Copeland note receivable and equity investment Other Noncurrent assets held-for-sale Total other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities Short-term borrowings and current maturities of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued expenses Current liabilities held-for-sale Total current liabilities Long-term debt Other liabilities Noncurrent liabilities held-for-sale Equity Common stock, par value; authorized, shares; issued, shares; outstanding, shares in 2022; shares in 2023 
 Additional paid-in-capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Cost of common stock in treasury, shares in 2022; shares in 2023 
 ) ) Common stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries Total equity Total liabilities and equity See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 35 

Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Years ended September 30 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 2021 2022 2023 Common stock Additional paid-in-capital Beginning balance Stock plans AspenTech purchases of common stock ) AspenTech acquisition ) Ending balance Retained earnings Beginning balance Net earnings common stockholders Dividends paid (per share: 2021, ; 2022, ; 2023, 
 ) ) ) Adoption of accounting standard updates ) Ending balance Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Beginning balance ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) Pension and postretirement ) Cash flow hedges ) Ending balance ) ) ) Treasury stock Beginning balance ) ) ) Purchases ) ) ) Issued under Emerson stock plans Ending balance ) ) ) Common stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries Beginning balance Net earnings ) ) Stock plans AspenTech purchases of common stock ) Other comprehensive income ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) AspenTech acquisition Purchase of noncontrolling interests Climate Technologies divestiture ) Ending balance Total equity 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 36 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. SUBSIDIARIES 
 Years ended September 30 (Dollars in millions) 
 2021 2022 2023 Operating activities Net earnings Earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock compensation Pension expense (income) ) Pension funding ) ) ) Changes in operating working capital ) ) Gain on subordinated interest ) ) Other, net ) ) Cash from continuing operations Cash from discontinued operations ) Cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) ) Purchases of businesses, net of cash and equivalents acquired ) ) ) Divestitures of businesses Proceeds from subordinated interest Proceeds from related party note receivable Other, net ) ) ) Cash from continuing operations ) ) ) Cash from discontinued operations ) Cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Financing activities Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings ) ) Proceeds from short-term borrowings greater than three months Payments of short-term borrowings greater than three months ) ) ) Proceeds from long-term debt Payments of long-term debt ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Purchases of common stock ) ) ) AspenTech purchases of common stock ) Payment of related party note payable ) Other, net ) Cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and equivalents ) Increase (Decrease) in cash and equivalents ) ) Beginning cash and equivalents Ending cash and equivalents Changes in operating working capital Receivables ) ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Other current assets ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses Total changes in operating working capital ) ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 37 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Years ended September 30 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts or where noted) 

(1) 

38 

Raw materials and work in process Total inventories 

to years for buildings and to years for machinery and equipment. Long-lived tangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. Impairment losses are recognized based on estimated fair values if the sum of estimated future undiscounted cash flows of the related assets is less than the carrying values. 
 
 Buildings Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Property, plant and equipment, at cost Less: Accumulated depreciation Property, plant and equipment, net 

39 

from the date of sale or installation. Provisions for warranty expense are estimated at the time of sale based on historical experience and adjusted quarterly for any known issues that may arise. Product warranty expense is less than one-half of one percent of sales. 
 
 40 

percent of the Company's revenues. These revenues primarily relate to projects in the Control Systems Software segment where revenue is recognized using the percentage-of-completion method to reflect the transfer of control over time, and software maintenance contracts in the AspenTech and Control Systems Software segments where revenue is typically recognized on a straight-line basis. Approximately percent of revenues relate to sales arrangements with multiple performance obligations, principally in the AspenTech and Control Systems Software segments. Tangible products represent a large majority of the delivered items in contracts with multiple performance obligations or where revenue is recognized over time, while a smaller portion is attributable to installation, service and maintenance. 
 
 For projects where revenue is recognized over time, the Company typically uses an input method to determine progress and recognize revenue, based on costs incurred. The Company believes costs incurred closely correspond with its performance under the contract and the transfer of control to the customer. For software maintenance contracts, revenue is recognized ratably over the maintenance term. 
 
 In sales arrangements that involve multiple performance obligations, revenue is allocated based on the relative standalone selling price for each performance obligation. Observable selling prices from actual transactions are used whenever possible. In other instances, the Company determines the standalone selling price based on third-party pricing or management's best estimate. Generally, contract duration is short-term, and cancellation, termination or refund provisions apply only in the event of contract breach and are rarely invoked. 
 
 Payment terms vary but are generally short-term in nature. The Company's long-term contracts, where revenue is generally recognized over time, are typically billed as work progresses in accordance with the contract terms and conditions, either at periodic intervals or upon achievement of certain milestones. The timing of revenue recognition and billings under these contracts results in either unbilled receivables (contract assets) when revenue recognized exceeds billings, or customer advances (contract liabilities) when billings exceed revenue recognized. Unbilled receivables are reclassified to accounts receivable when an unconditional right to consideration exists, typically when a milestone in the contract is achieved. The Company does not evaluate whether the transaction price includes a significant financing component for contracts where the time between cash collection and performance is less than one year. 
 
 Certain arrangements with customers include variable consideration, typically in the form of rebates, cash discounts or penalties. In limited circumstances, the Company sells products with a general right of return. In most instances, returns are limited to product quality issues. The Company records a reduction to revenue at the time of sale to reflect the ultimate amount of consideration it expects to receive. The Company's estimates are updated quarterly based on historical experience, trend analysis, and expected market conditions. Variable consideration is typically not constrained at the time revenue is recognized. See Notes 2 and 20 for additional information about the Company's revenues. 
 
 or less, except for the Company's net investment hedges. 
 
 All derivatives are accounted for under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , and recognized at fair value. For derivatives hedging variability in future cash flows, any gain or loss is deferred in stockholders' equity and recognized when the underlying hedged transaction impacts earnings. The majority of the Company's derivatives 
 41 

collateral was posted with counterparties and was held by the Company at year end. Risk from credit loss when derivatives are in asset positions is not considered material. The Company has master netting arrangements in place with its counterparties that allow the offsetting of certain derivative-related amounts receivable and payable when settlement occurs in the same period. Accordingly, counterparty balances are netted in the consolidated balance sheet and are reported in other current assets or accrued expenses as appropriate, depending on positions with counterparties as of the balance sheet date. See Note 11. 
 billion o f undistributed earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries as of September 30, 2023, as these earnings are considered indefinitely invested or otherwise retained for continuing international operations. Recognition of withholding taxes and any applicable U.S. income taxes on undistributed non-U.S. earnings would be triggered by a management decision to repatriate those earnings. Determination of the amount of taxes that might be paid on these undistributed earnings if eventually remitted is not practicable. See Note 16. 

(2) 
 Customer advances (contract liabilities) ) ) Net contract assets 
 The majority of the Company's contract balances relate to (1) arrangements where revenue is recognized over time and payments from customers are made according to a contractual billing schedule, and (2) revenue from term software lice nse arrangements sold by AspenTech where the license revenue is recognized upfront upon delivery. The decrease in net contract assets was due to customer billings exceeding revenue recognized for performance 
 42 

that was included in the beginning contract liability balanc e. Other factors that impacted the change in net contract liabilities were immaterial. 
 Revenue recognized for 2023 for performance obligations that were satisfied in previous periods, including cumulative catchup adjustments on the Company's long-term contracts, was not material. Capitalized amounts related to incremental costs to obtain customer contracts and costs to fulfill contracts are immaterial. 
 As of September 30, 2023, the Company's backlog relating to unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) performance obligations in contracts with its customers was approximately billion (of which approximately billion related to AspenTech). AspenTech's remaining perform ance obligations primarily relate to software maintenance in long-term contracts for unspecified future software updates provided on a when-and-if available basis. The Company expects to recognize approxima tely percent of its remaining performance obligations as revenue over the next months, with the remainder substantially over the subsequent thereafter. 
 See Note 20 for additional information about the Company's revenues. 

(3) 
 
 Dilutive shares Diluted shares outstanding 

(4) 
 
 of Emerson's stand-alone industrial software businesses, Open Systems International, Inc. and the Geological Simulation Software business collectively, the Emerson Industrial Software Business , along with approximately billion in cash to Heritage AspenTech stockholders, to create "New AspenTech", a diversified, high-performance industrial software leader with greater scale, capabilities and technologies (defined as "AspenTech" herein). Upon closing of the transaction, Emerson beneficially owned percent of the outstanding shares of AspenTech common stock (on a fully diluted basis) and former Heritage AspenTech stockholders owned the remaining outstanding shares of AspenTech common stock. AspenTech and its subsidiaries now operate under Heritage AspenTech s previous name Aspen Technology, Inc. and AspenTech common stock is traded on NASDAQ under AspenTech s previous stock ticker symbol AZPN. 
 
 The business combination has been accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting with Emerson considered the accounting acquirer of Heritage AspenTech. The net assets of Heritage AspenTech were recorded at their estimated fair value and the Emerson Industrial Software Business continues at its historical basis. The Company recorded a noncontrolling interest of billion for the percent ownership interest of former Heritage AspenTech stockholders in AspenTech. The noncontrolling interest associated with the Heritage AspenTech acquired net assets was recorded at fair value determined using the closing market price per share of Heritage AspenTech as of May 16, 2022, while the portion attributable to the Emerson Industrial Software business was recorded at its historical carrying amount. The impact of recognizing the noncontrolling interest in the Emerson Industrial Software Business resulted in a decrease to additional paid-in-capital of . 
 
 43 

Heritage AspenTech share price Purchase price Value of stock-based compensation awards attributable to pre-combination service Total purchase consideration 
 
 Receivables Other current assets Property, plant equipment Goodwill expected to be tax-deductible) 
 Other intangible assets Other assets Total assets Short-term borrowings Accounts payable Accrued expenses Long-term debt Deferred taxes and other liabilities Total purchase consideration 
 
 Emerson's cash contribution of approximately billion was paid out at approximately per share (on a fully diluted basis) to holders of issued and outstanding shares of Heritage AspenTech common stock as of the closing of the transactions, with of cash remaining on AspenTech's balance sheet as of the closing which is not included in the allocation of purchase consideration above. 
 
 Customer relationships Trade names Indefinite-lived Backlog Total 
 
 Results of operations for 2023 attributable to the Heritage AspenTech acquisition include sales of compared to for 2022, while the impact to GAAP net earnings was not material in both years. 
 
 Pro Forma Financial Information 
 
 The following unaudited proforma consolidated condensed financial results of operations are presented as if the acquisition of Heritage AspenTech occurred on Oct ober 1, 2020. 
 44 

Net earnings from continuing operations common stockholders Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations 
 
 The pro forma results for 2021 include of transaction costs which were assumed to be incurred in the first quarter of 2021. Of these transaction costs, were included in the Company's reported results for 2022, but have been excluded from the 2022 pro forma results above. In addition, Heritage AspenTech incurred of transaction costs prior to the completion of the acquisition that were not included in Emerson's reported results. The pro forma results for 2021 include estimated interest expense of related to the issuance of billion of term debt and increased commercial paper borrowings to fund the acquisition, while results for 2022 include additional interest expense of to reflect the increased borrowings as if they were outstanding for the entire year. 
 
 Other Transactions 
 
 In 2023, the Company acquired businesses, Flexim, which will be reported in the Measurement Analytical segment, and Afag, which will be reported in the Discrete Automation segment, for , net of cash acquired. The Company recognized goodwill of of which is expected to be tax deductible) and other identifiable intangible assets of , primarily customer relationships and intellectual property with a weighted-average useful life of approximately years. 
 
 On July 27, 2022, AspenTech entered into an agreement to acquire Micromine, a global leader in design and operational solutions for the mining industry, for AU (approximately USD based on exchange rates when the transaction was announced). On August 1, 2023, AspenTech announced the termination of the agreement to purchase Micromine. AspenTech, along with the sellers of Micromine, had been waiting to secure a final Russian regulatory approval as a condition to the closing of the transaction. As this process continued, the timing and requirements necessary to get this approval became increasingly unclear. This lack of clarity on the potential for, and timing of, a successful review led AspenTech and the sellers of Micromine to this mutual course of action. AspenTech did not pay any termination fee as part of this arrangement. 
 
 On March 31, 2023, Emerson completed the divestiture of Metran, its Russia-based manufacturing subsidiary. In 2023, the Company recognized a pretax loss of in Other deductions after-tax, in total per share) related to its exit of business operations in Russia. The Company had previously announced its intention to exit business operations in 2022 and recognized a pretax loss of after-tax, in total per share). This charge included a loss of in operations and reported in Other deductions of which is reported in restructuring costs) and was primarily non-cash. Emerson's historical net sales in Russia represented approximately percent of consolidated annual sales. 
 
 In 2022, the Company acquired other businesses, in the Control Systems Software segment and in the AspenTech segment, for , net of cash acquired. The businesses had combined annual sales of approximately . 
 related to its subordinated interest in Vertiv (in total, a pretax gain of was recognized in the first quarter of 2022, after-tax, per share) and received the remaining related to the pretax gain in the first quarter of 2023. In 2023, the Company received additional distributions totaling after-tax, per share). Based on the terms of the agreement and the current calculation, the Company could receive additional distributions of approximately . The remaining distributions are contingent on the timing and price at which Vertiv shares are sold by the equity holders and therefore, there can be no assurance as to the amount or timing of the remaining distributions to the Company. 

(5) 
 
 billion transaction. Emerson received upfront, pre-tax cash proceeds of approximately billion (an increase of billion from when the 
 45 

percent of the common equity) and a note receivable with a face value of billion (which will accrue percent interest payable in kind by capitalizing interest), while retaining a percent non-controlling common equity interest (down from percent when the transaction was announced) in a new standalone joint venture between Emerson and Blackstone. The Climate Technologies business, which includes the Copeland compressor business and the entire portfolio of products and services across all residential and commercial HVAC and refrigeration end-markets, had 2022 net sales of approximately billion and pretax earnings of billion. The Company recognized a pretax gain of approximately billion (approximately billion after-tax including tax expense recognized in prior quarters related to subsidiary restructurings). The new standalone business is named Copeland. See Note 8 for further details. 
 
 On October 31, 2022, the Company completed the divestiture of its InSinkErator business, which manufactures food waste disposers, to Whirlpool Corporation for billion. This business had net sales of and pretax earnings of in 2022. The Company recognized a pretax gain of approximately billion (approximately billion after-tax) in the first quarter of 2023. 
 
 On May 31, 2022 the Company com pleted the divestiture of its Therm-O-Disc sensing and protection technologies business to an affiliate of One Rock Capital Partners, LLC. The Company recognized a pretax gain of after-tax) in the third quarter of 2022. 
 
 Cost of sales SG A Gain on sale of business ) ) ) ) ) Other deductions, net ) ) Earnings before income taxes 
 Income taxes Earnings, net of tax 
 
 Climate Technologies' results for 2023 include lower expense of due to ceasing depreciation and amortization upon the held-for-sale classification and of transaction-related costs reported in Other deductions, net. Income taxes for 2023 included approximately billion for the gain on the Copeland transaction and subsidiary restructurings, and approximately related to the gain on the InSinkErator divestiture. 
 
 46 

Inventories Other current assets Property, plant equipment, net Goodwill Other noncurrent assets Total assets held-for-sale Liabilities Accounts payable Other current liabilities Deferred taxes and other noncurrent liabilities 
 Total liabilities held-for-sale 
 
 Net cash from operating and investing activities for Climate Technologies, InSinkErator and Therm-O-Disc were as follows: 
 
 Climate Technologies ISE and TOD Total 2021 2022 2023 2021 2022 2023 2021 2022 2023 Cash from operating activities ) ) ) ) Cash from investing activities ) ) ) ) 
 
 Cash from operating activities for 2023 reflects approximately billion of income taxes paid related to the gains on the Copeland transaction and InSinkErator divestiture and subsidiary restructurings related to the Copeland transaction. Cash from investing activities for 2023 reflects the proceeds of approximately billion related to the Copeland transaction and approximately billion related to the InSinkErator divestiture. 
 
 47 

(6) 
 Restructuring costs Acquisition/divestiture costs Foreign currency transaction (gains) losses Investment-related gains gains from sales of capital assets ) ) ) Loss on Copeland equity method investment Russia business exit Other ) ) ) Total 
 
 In 2023, intangibles amortization included related to the Heritage AspenTech acquisition compared to in 2022, while 2021 included backlog amortization related to the OSI acquisition of . Foreign currency transaction losses included a mark-to-market gain of in 2023 related to foreign currency forward contracts entered into by AspenTech to mitigate the impact of foreign currency exchange associated with the Micromine purchase price compared to a mark-to-market loss of in 2022. On June 21, 2023, AspenTech terminated all outstanding foreign currency forward contracts. The Company recognized a mark-to-market gain of in 2023 related to its equity investment in National Instruments Corporation (see Note 11 for further information). Other is composed of several items, including pension expense, litigation costs, provision for bad debt and other items, none of which is individually significant. 

(7) 
 , and for 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company expects fiscal year 2024 restructuring and related costs to be approximately , including incremental costs related to the National Instruments acquisition. 
 Final Control Discrete Automation Safety Productivity Intelligent Devices AspenTech Control Systems Software Software and Control Corporate Total 
 
 48 

and positions and the exit of and production facilities worldwide, respectively. Cos ts incurred in 2021 primarily relate to the Company's initiatives to improve operating margins that began in the third quarter of fiscal 2019 and were expanded in the third quarter of fiscal 2020 in response to the effects of COVID-19 on demand for the Company's products. Expenses incurred in 2021 included actions to exit facilities and eliminate approximately positions. 
 
 Other Total 
 
 2021 Expense Utilized/Paid 2022 Severance and benefits Other Total 
 
 The tables above do not include , and of costs related to restructuring actions incurred in 2023, 2022 and 2021 respectively, that are required to be reported in cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses. 

(8) 
 
 billion and a note receivable with a face value of billion, while retaining a percent non-controlling common equity interest in Copeland. As a result of the transaction, the Company deconsolidated Copeland from its financial statements, as it no longer has a controlling interest, and initially recognized its common equity investment and note receivable at fair values of and , respectively. The fair value of the common equity investment was determined using a discounted cash flow model, which included estimating financial projections for Copeland and applying an appropriate discount rate, and an option pricing model based on various assumptions. Fair value for the note receivable was determined using a market approach primarily based on interest rates for companies with similar credit quality and the expected duration of the note. 
 
 The Company records its share of Copeland's income or loss using the equity method of accounting. For the year ended September 30, 2023 the Company recorded a loss of in Other deductions to reflect its share of Copeland's reported GAAP losses and a tax benefit of in Income taxes related to Copeland's U.S. business, which is taxed as a partnership (in total, per share). The Company recognized non-cash interest income on the note receivable of , which is reported in Interest income from related party and capitalized to the carrying value of the note. Copeland's valuations of acquired assets and liabilities are in-process and subject to refinement. 
 
 As of September 30, 2023, the carrying values of the retained equity investment and note receivable were and , respectively. During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company settled a note receivable and note payable with Copeland of , which is reported in Investing and Financing cash flows, respectively. 

49 

Noncurrent assets Current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities Noncontrolling interests 

2023 Net sales Gross profit Income (loss) from continuing operations ) Net income (loss) ) Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders ) 

(9) 
 
 Variable lease expense 
 
 Short-term lease expense and sublease income were immaterial for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021. Cash paid for operating leases is classified within operating cash flows from continuing operations and was , and for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Operating lease right-of-use asset additions were , and for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Current lease liabilities (Accrued expenses) Noncurrent lease liabilities (Other liabilities) 
 
 The weighted-average remaining lease term for operating leases was years and years, and the weighted-average discount rate was percent and percent as of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, respectively. 
 
 50 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest Total lease liabilities 
 
 operating lease that had not yet commenced with a lease term of approximately years and total undiscounted future minimum payments of approximately . This lease is expected to commence in 2024 and will be recorded as a right-of-use asset and lease liability. 
 
 51 

(10) 
 
 Acquisitions Foreign currency translation and other ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2022 Acquisitions Foreign currency translation and other Balance, September 30, 2023 
 Less: Accumulated amortization Net carrying amount 
 
 , and , respectively. Based on intangible asset balances as of September 30, 2023, amortization expense is expected to approximate in 2024, in 2025, in 2026, in 2027 and in 2028. The increase in goodwill and intangible assets in 2022 

(11) 
 billion. All derivatives receiving hedge accounting are cash flow hedges. The majority of hedging gains and losses deferred as of September 30, 2023 are expected to be recognized over the next 12 months as the underlying forecasted transactions occur. Gains and losses on foreign currency derivatives reported in Other deductions, net reflect hedges of balance sheet exposures that do not receive hedge accounting. 
 
 Net Investment Hedge 
 In 2019, the Company issued euro-denominated debt of billion. The euro notes reduce foreign currency risk associated with the Company's international subsidiaries that use the euro as their functional currency and have been designated as a hedge of a portion of the investment in these operations. Foreign currency gains or losses associated with the euro-denominated debt are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and will remain until the hedged investment is sold or substantially liquidated. 
 
 52 

) ) Foreign currency Sales ) ) ) Foreign currency Cost of sales Foreign currency Other deductions, net ) Net Investment Hedge Euro denominated debt 16 ) ) ) 
 
 Regardless of whether derivatives and non-derivative financial instruments receive hedge accounting, the Company expects hedging gains or losses to be offset by losses or gains on the related underlying exposures. The amounts ultimately recognized will differ from those presented above for open positions, which remain subject to ongoing market price fluctuations until settlement. Derivatives receiving hedge accounting are highly effective and no amounts were excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. 
 Equity Investment 
 The Company had an equity investment in National Instruments Corporation ("NI"), valued at as of September 30, 2023 (reported in Other noncurrent assets), and recognized a mark-to-market gain of in 2023. On April 12, 2023, Emerson announced an agreement to acquire NI for per share in cash for the remaining shares not already owned by Emerson and the transaction closed on October 11, 2023. See Note 23. 
 
 Fair Value Measurement 
 Valuations for all derivatives, the Company's note receivable from Copeland, and the Company's long-term debt fall within Level 2 of the GAAP valuation hierarchy. The fair value of the note receivable as of September 30, 2023 was approximately billion, which was lower than the carrying value by approximately . See Note 8 for further details. The fair value of long-term debt was billion and billion, respec tively, as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, which was lower than the carrying value by and , respectively. 
 Foreign currency 

53 

(12) 
 
 Commercial paper and other short-term borrowings Total Interest rate for weighted-average short-term borrowings at year end 
 In February 2023, the Company entered into a billion revolving backup credit facility with various banks, which replaced the May 2018 billion facility. The credit facility is maintained to support general corporate purposes, including commercial paper borrowings. The Company has not incurred any borrowings under this or previous facilities. The credit facility contains no financial covenants and is not subject to termination based on a change of credit rating or material adverse changes. The facility is unsecured and may be accessed under various interest rate alternatives at the Company s option. Fees to maintain the facility are immaterial. 

(13) 
 notes due February 2023 
 euro notes due May 2024 
 notes due June 2025 
 euro notes due October 2025 
 notes due October 2026 
 notes due October 2027 
 notes due December 2028 
 euro notes due October 2029 
 notes due October 2030 
 notes due December 2031 
 notes due August 2032 
 notes due April 2039 
 notes due November 2039 
 notes due October 2050 
 notes due December 2051 
 Other Long-term debt Less: Current maturities Total, net 
 
 Long-term debt maturing during each of the four years after 2024 is , , and , respectively. Total interest paid on long-term debt was approximately , and in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 During the year, the Company repaid of notes that matured in February 2023 and AspenTech repaid to pay off the outstanding balance on its existing term loan facility plus accrued interest. In 2022, the Company repaid of notes that matured in December 2021. In December 2021, the Company issued of notes due December 2028, of notes due December 2031 and of notes due December 2051. 
 54 

(14) 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Net amortization and other ) Net periodic pension expense (income) ) ) Defined contribution plans Total retirement plans expense (income) ) 
 
 Net periodic pension expense decreased in 2023 primarily due to lower amortization of deferred losses partially offset by higher interest costs. Net periodic pension expense (income) includes , and and defined contribution expense includes , and for 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to discontinued operations. For defined contribution plans, the Company makes cash contributions based on plan requirements, which are expensed as incurred. 
 
 The Company's principal U.S. defined benefit plan is closed to employees hired after January 1, 2016 while shorter-tenured employees ceased accruing benefits effective October 1, 2016. 

55 

Service cost Interest cost Actuarial gain ) ) ) ) Curtailments ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Settlements ) ) ) Acquisitions (Divestitures), net ) ) Foreign currency translation and other ) Projected benefit obligation, ending Fair value of plan assets, beginning Actual return on plan assets ) ) ) Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Settlements ) ) ) Acquisitions (Divestitures), net ) Foreign currency translation and other ) Fair value of plan assets, ending Net amount recognized in the balance sheet ) ) Location of net amount recognized in the balance sheet: Noncurrent asset Noncurrent asset held-for-sale Current liability ) ) ) ) Noncurrent liability ) ) ) ) Net liability held-for-sale ) Net amount recognized in the balance sheet ) ) Pretax accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 
 
 Actuarial gains in 2023 were largely due to an increase in the discount rates used to estimate the benefit obligations for the U.S. and non-U.S. plans, which were and at September 30, 2023 compared to and at September 30, 2022, respectively. A ctuarial gains in 2022 were largely due to an increase in the discount rates used to estimate the benefit obligations for the U.S. and non-U.S. plans, which were and at September 30, 2022 compared to and at September 30, 2021, respectively. As of September 30, 2023, U.S. pension plans were overfunded by in total, including unfunded plans totaling . The non-U.S. plans were underfunded by , including unfunded plans totaling . 
 
 As of the September 30, 2023 and 2022 measurement dates, the plans' total accumulated benefit obligation was and , respectively. The total projected benefit obligation, accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets for individual plans with projected benefit obligations in excess of plan assets were , and , respectively, for 2023, and , and , respectively, for 2022. The total projected benefit obligation, accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets for individual plans with accumulated benefit obligations 
 56 

, and , respectively, for 2023, and , and , respectively, for 2022. 
 
 Future benefit payments by U.S. plans are estimated to be in 2024, in 2025, in 2026, in 2027, in 2028 and in total over the five years 2029 through 2033. Based on foreign currency exchange rates as of September 30, 2023, future benefit payments by non-U.S. plans are estimated to be in 2024, in 2025, in 2026, in 2027, in 2028 and in total over the five years 2029 through 2033. The Company expects to contribute approximately to its retirement plans in 2024. 
 
 Discount rate used to determine interest cost Expected return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase Benefit obligations Discount rate Rate of compensation increase 
 
 The discount rate for the U.S. retirement plans was percent as of September 30, 2023. An actuarially developed, company-specific yield curve is used to determine the discount rate. To determine the service and interest cost components of pension expense for its U.S. retirement plans, the Company applies the specific spot rates along the yield curve, rather than the single weighted-average rate, to the projected cash flows to provide more precise measurement of these costs. The expected return on plan assets assumption is determined by reviewing the investment returns of the plans for the past 10 years plus longer-term historical returns of an asset mix approximating the Company's asset allocation targets, and periodically comparing these returns to expectations of investment advisors and actuaries to determine whether long-term future returns are expected to differ significantly from the past. 
 
 - 
 - 
 Debt securities - 
 - 
 Other - 
 - 
 Total 
 
 The primary objective for the investment of pension assets is to secure participant retirement benefits by earning a reasonable rate of return. Plan assets are invested consistent with the provisions of the prudence and diversification rules of ERISA and with a long-term investment horizon. The Company continuously monitors the value of assets by class and routinely rebalances to remain within target allocations. The equity strategy is to minimize concentrations of risk by investing primarily in a mix of companies that are diversified across geographies, market capitalization, style, sectors and industries worldwide. The approach for bonds emphasizes investment-grade corporate and government debt with maturities matching a portion of the longer duration pension liabilities. The bonds strategy also includes a high-yield element which is generally shorter in duration. For diversification, a small portion of U.S. plan assets is allocated to private equity partnerships and real asset fund investments, providing opportunities for above market returns. Leveraging techniques are not used and the use of derivatives in any fund is limited and inconsequential. 
 
 57 

International equities Emerging market equities Corporate bonds Government bonds Other Total 2022 U.S. equities International equities Emerging market equities Corporate bonds Government bonds Other ) Total 
 
 Asset Classes 
 U.S. equities reflect companies domiciled in the U.S., including multinational companies. International equities are comprised of companies domiciled in developed nations outside the U.S. Emerging market equities are comprised of companies domiciled in portions of Asia, Eastern Europe and Latin America. Corporate bonds represent investment-grade debt of issuers primarily from the U.S. Government bonds include investment-grade instruments issued by federal, state and local governments, primarily in the U.S. Other includes cash, interests in mixed asset funds investing in commodities, natural resources, agriculture, real estate and infrastructure funds, life insurance contracts (U.S.), and shares in certain general investment funds of financial institutions or insurance arrangements (non-U.S.) that typically ensure no market losses or provide for a small minimum return guarantee. 
 
 Fair Value Hierarchy Categories 
 Valuations of Level 1 assets for all classes are based on quoted closing market prices from the principal exchanges where the individual securities are traded. Cash is valued at cost, which approximates fair value. Debt securities categorized as Level 2 assets are generally valued based on independent broker/dealer bids or by comparison to other debt securities having similar durations, yields and credit ratings. Valuation techniques and inputs for these assets include discounted cash flow analysis, earnings multiple approaches, recent transactions, transfer restrictions, prevailing discount rates, volatilities, credit ratings and other factors. In the Other class, interests in mixed asset funds are Level 2, and U.S. life insurance contracts and non-U.S. general fund investments and insurance arrangements are Level 3. Investments measured at NAV are primarily nonexchange-traded commingled or collective funds where the underlying securities have observable prices available from active markets and typically provide liquidity daily or within a few days. The NAV category also includes fund investments in private equities, real estate and infrastructure where the fair value of the underlying assets is determined by the investment manager. Total unfunded commitments for the private equity funds were approximately at September 30, 2023. These investments cannot be redeemed, but instead the funds will make distributions through liquidation of the underlying assets, which is expected to occur over approximately the next years. The real estate and infrastructure funds typically offer quarterly redemption. 
 
 Postretirement Plans 
 The Company also sponsors unfunded postretirement benefit plans (primarily health care) for certain U.S. retirees and their dependents. The Company s principal U.S. postretirement plan has been frozen to new employees since 
 58 

and as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and included deferred actuarial gains in accumulated other comprehensive income of and , respectively. Service and interest costs are negligible and more than offset by the amortization of deferred actuarial gains, which resulted in net postretirement income of for 2023 and for 2022 and for 2021. Benefits paid were and for 2023 and 2022, respectively, and the Company estimates that future health care benefit payments will be approximately per year for 2024 through 2028, and in total over the five years 2029 through 2033. 

(15) 
 
 known contingent liabilities (including guarantees, pending litigation, taxes and other claims) that management believes will be material in relation to the Company's financial statements, nor were there any material commitments outside the normal course of business. 

(16) 
 Non-U.S. Total pretax earnings 
 59 

State and local Non-U.S. Deferred: U.S. federal ) ) State and local ) ) ) Non-U.S. ) ) ) Income tax expense 
 
 State and local taxes, net of U.S. federal tax benefit Non-U.S. rate differential Non-U.S. tax holidays ) ) ) Research and development credits ) ) ) Foreign derived intangible income ) ) ) Subsidiary restructuring ) Russia business exit Other Effective income tax rate 
 
 The 2023 increase in other was driven by a 1 percentage point impact from U.S. taxation of Non-U.S. operations and a 2 percentage point impact due to an increase in unrecognized tax benefits. 
 
 The Company has elected to recognize the tax on global intangible low-taxed income earned by certain of its non-U.S. subsidiaries as a period expense when it is incurred. 
 On March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was enacted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, and among other things, provides tax relief to businesses. Tax provisions of the CARES Act included the deferral of certain payroll taxes, relief for retaining employees, and other provisions. The Company deferred of certain payroll taxes through the end of calendar year 2020, of which approximately was paid in December 2021 and the remainder paid in December 2022. 
 
 Non-U.S. tax holidays reduce tax rates in certain jurisdictions. Approximately percent of the tax holidays expire over the next , with the remainder expiring by 2030. 
 
 60 

Additions for current year tax positions Additions for prior year tax positions Reductions for prior year tax positions ) ) Acquisitions and divestitures Reductions for settlements with tax authorities ) Reductions for expiration of statutes of limitations ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits, ending 
 
 If none of the unrecognized tax benefits shown is ultimately paid, the tax provision and the calculation of the effective tax rate would be favorably impacted by , which is net of cross-jurisdictional tax credits and temporary differences. The Company accrues interest and penalties related to income taxes in income tax expense. Total expense (income) recognized was , ) and ) in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, total accrued interest and penalties were and , respectively. 
 
 The U.S. is the major jurisdiction for which the Company files income tax returns. Examinations for U.S. federal are complete through 2017, except for 2014. The status of state and non-U.S. tax examinations varies due to the numerous legal entities and jurisdictions in which the Company operates. 
 
 Accrued liabilities Postretirement and postemployment benefits Employee compensation and benefits Other Total Valuation allowances ) ) Deferred tax liabilities: Intangibles ) ) Pensions ) ) Property, plant and equipment ) ) Undistributed non-U.S. earnings ) ) Deferred gains ) ) Other ) ) Total ) ) Net deferred income tax liability ) ) 
 
 , and in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Taxes paid in 2023 included approximately billion related to the gains on the Copeland transaction and InSinkErator divestiture and subsidiary restructurings related to the Copeland transaction. of net operating losses can be carried forward indefinitely, while most of the remainder expire over the next years. 
 
 61 

(17) 
 
 performance period. The terms of the performance share awards issued in fiscal 2021 are unchanged and therefore continue to be accounted for as liability awards and marked-to-market each period based on changes in the stock price. 
 
 AspenTech also has stock-based compensation plans that are settled in its own stock. These plans consist of performance shares, restricted stock units and stock options. 
 
 Restricted stock and restricted stock units AspenTech stock-based compensation plans Total stock compensation expense Less: discontinued operations Stock compensation expense from continuing operations Income tax benefits recognized 
 
 As of September 30, 2023, total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested shares awarded under Emerson plans was , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years, while the total future unrecognized compensation cost related to AspenTech stock options, RSUs and performance stock units was , and respectively, which is expected to be recorded over a weighted average period of 2.1 years, years and respectively. 
 
 Emerson Performance Shares, Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units 
 The Company's incentive shares plans include performance shares awards which distribute the value of common stock to key management employees at the conclusion of a period subject to certain operating performance conditions and other terms and restrictions. The form of distribution is primarily shares of common stock, with a portion in cash in the first quarter following the end of the applicable performance period. Dividend equivalents are only paid on earned awards after the performance period has concluded. Compensation expense for performance shares is recognized over the service period based on the number of shares ultimately expected to be earned. 
 Total shares earned Shares distributed in cash, primarily for tax withholding 
 As of September 30, 2023, approximately shares awarded primarily in 2021 were outstanding, contingent on the Company achieving its performance objectives through 2023. The objectives for these shares were met at t he percent level a nd the shares will be distributed in early fiscal 2024. 
 
 62 

and shares awarded in 2023 and 2022, respectively, are outstanding and contingent upon the Company achieving its performance objectives through 2025 and 2024, respectively. 
 
 Incentive shares plans also include restricted stock awards and restricted stock units. Restricted stock awards involve distribution of common stock to key management employees subject to cliff vesting at the end of service periods ranging from three to while restricted stock units granted to employees cliff vest at the end of a period. The fair value of restricted stock awards and restricted stock units is determined based on the average of the high and low market prices of the Company's common stock on the date of grant, with compensation expense recognized ratably over the applicable vesting period. In 2023, approximately shares of restricted stock and approximately restricted stock units vested as a result of participants fulfilling the applicable service requirements. Consequently, approximately shares and units were issued while shares and units were withheld for income taxes in accordance with minimum withholding requirements. A s of September 30, 2023, there were approximately shares of unvested restricted stock and restricted stock units outstanding. 
 
 In addition to the employee stock option and incentive share plans, in 2023 the Company awarded approximately restricted stock units under the restricted stock plan for non-management directors. As of September 30, 2023, approximately shares were available for issuance under this plan. 
 
 As of September 30, 2023, million shares remained available for award under incentive shares plans. 
 
 Granted Earned/vested ) Canceled ) End of year 
 
 Share awards distributed in cash, primarily for tax withholding 
 
 Emerson Stock Options 
 There were stock option grants in 2023, 2022 and 2021. The Company's stock option plans expired in 2021. Previously awarded stock options allow key officers and employees to purchase common stock at specified prices, which are equal to percent of the closing market price of the Company's stock on the date of grant. Options generally vest in each of the subsequent to grant and expire years from the date of grant. Compensation expense is recognized ratably over the vesting period based on the number of options expected to vest. 
 
 63 

Options exercised ) Options canceled ) End of year Exercisable at end of year 
 Intrinsic value of options exercised Tax benefits related to option exercises 
 AspenTech Stock-Based Compensation 
 As discussed in Note 4, Emerson completed the acquisition of Heritage AspenTech in the third quarter of 2022. AspenTech, as defined in Note 4, operates as a separate publicly traded company and has various stock-based compensation plans, including stock options and restricted stock units, which are settled in their own common stock and are accounted for as equity awards. Restricted stock units generally vest over . Option awards have been granted with an exercise price equal to the market closing price of AspenTech's stock on the trading day prior to the grant date. These options generally vest over and expire within or of grant. AspenTech's policy is to issue new shares upon the exercise of vested stock awards. 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the transaction agreement between Emerson and Heritage AspenTech, each outstanding option to purchase shares of Heritage AspenTech common stock, whether vested or unvested, that was unexercised as of immediately prior to the closing date was converted into an option to acquire shares of AspenTech. Each converted option is subject to the same terms and conditions as applied to the original option. In addition, each outstanding award of restricted stock units with respect to shares of Heritage AspenTech common stock that were unvested as of immediately prior to the closing date was converted into an award of restricted stock units with respect to shares of AspenTech. Each converted restricted stock unit is also subject to the same terms and conditions as applied to the original restricted stock unit. 
 
 ASC 805 required the Company to determine the fair value of the AspenTech share-based payment awards related to the replacement of the Heritage AspenTech share-based payment awards, and allocate the total fair value based on the services that are attributable to the pre- and post-combination service periods, respectively. The portion that is attributable to the pre-combination service period was considered part of the consideration transferred for Heritage AspenTech and included as part of the purchase price. The portion that is attributable to the post-combination service period is recognized as stock-based compensation expense in the post-combination consolidated financial statements over the remaining requisite service period. 
 
 AspenTech Stock Options 
 AspenTech utilizes the Black-Scholes option valuation model for estimating the fair value of options granted. The Black-Scholes option valuation model incorporates assumptions regarding expected stock price volatility, the expected life of the option, the risk-free interest rate, dividend yield and the market value of AspenTech's common stock. The expected stock price volatility is determined based on AspenTech's stock s historic prices over a period commensurate with the expected life of the award. The expected life of an option represents the period for which options are expected to be outstanding as determined by historic option exercises and cancellations. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve for notes with terms approximating the expected life of the options granted. The expected dividend yield is , based on AspenTech's history and expectation of not paying dividends on common shares. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis, net of forfeitures as they occur, over the requisite service period for time-vested awards. 
 64 

percent; dividend yield, ; expected volatility, percent; and expected life, approximately years. 
 
 Granted Exercised ) Canceled / Forfeited ) End of year Exercisable at end of year Vested and expected to vest at September 30, 2023 

The weighted average estimated fair value of option awards granted during 2023 was . The total intrinsic value of options exercised during 2023 was . Cash proceeds of from issuances of shares of AspenTech common stock were received during 2023. 
 
 AspenTech Restricted Stock Units and Performance Stock Units 
 Granted Settled ) Canceled / Forfeited ) End of year Vested and expected to vest at September 30, 2023 

During 2023, AspenTech granted performance stock units with a performance condition and service condition. These performance stock units vest on a cliff basis in based upon the achievement of predefined performance goals, with the ability for percent of granted awards to vest on an accelerated basis in each of the first . The performance goal relates to the sum of (i) Annual Contract Value growth and (ii) free cash flow margin over the performance period. Up to percent of the performance stock units could vest upon achievement of the performance goals. Conversely, if a minimum performance goal is not met, none of the performance stock units will vest. On a quarterly basis, management evaluates the probability that the threshold performance goals will be achieved, if at all, and the anticipated level of attainment to determine the amount of compensation expense to record in the consolidated financial statements. During 2023, the total fair value of vested shares from AspenTech RSU grants amounted to . Withholding taxes of were paid on vested RSUs during 2023. 
 
 At September 30, 2023, common stock reserved for future issuance under all AspenTech equity compensation plans was million shares. 

(18) 
 
 million shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under the Company's stock-based compensation plans. During 2023, million common shares were purchased and million 
 65 

million common shares were purchased and million treasury shares were reissued. 
 
 At September 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had million shares of par value preferred stock authorized, with issued. 

(19)) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of ), ) and , respectively 
 ) Reclassified to gain on sale of business Ending balance ) ) ) Pension and postretirement Beginning balance ) ) ) Actuarial gains (losses) deferred during the period, net of taxes of ), and , respectively 
 ) Amortization of deferred actuarial losses into earnings, net of tax of ), ) and , respectively 
 ) Reclassified to gain on sale of business Ending balance ) ) ) Cash flow hedges Beginning balance ) Gains deferred during the period, net of taxes of ), ) and ), 
 respectively 
 Reclassifications of realized (gains) losses to sales and cost of sales, net of tax of , and , respectively 
 ) ) ) Reclassified to gain on sale of business ) Ending balance Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) 

(20) 
 
 segments and business groups, which are highlighted in the table below. The Company also reclassified certain product sales that were previously reported in Control Systems Software to Discrete Automation. 
 
 INTELLIGENT DEVICES SOFTWARE AND CONTROL Final Control 
 Control Systems Software 
 Measurement Analytical 
 AspenTech 
 Discrete Automation 
 Safety Productivity 
 
 The new segments were previously described as follows: Final Control was the Valves, Actuators Regulators product offering; Measurement Analytical was the Measurement Analytical instrumentation product offering; Discrete Automation was the Industrial Solutions product offering; Safety Productivity was the Tools Home Products segment, excluding the divested InSinkErator business; Control Systems Software was the Systems 
 66 

67 

Measurement Analytical Discrete Automation Safety Productivity Intelligent Devices Control Systems Software AspenTech ) ) Software and Control Corporate items: Stock compensation ) ) ) Unallocated pension and postretirement costs Corporate and other (includes assets held-for-sale) ) ) ) Gain on subordinated interest Loss on Copeland equity method investment ) Eliminations/Interest ) ) ) ) ) ) Interest income from related party Total 
 
 In 2023 , Corporate and other includes a loss of r elated to the Company's exit of business operations in Russia while 2022 includes a loss of . Corporate and other for 2023 includes acquisition/divestiture and related costs of of which is reported in operating profit) while 2022 includes . 
 
 Measurement Analytical Discrete Automation Safety Productivity Intelligent Devices Control Systems Software AspenTech Software and Control Corporate and other Total 
 Depreciation and amortization includes intellectual property, customer relationships and capitalized software. 
 68 

Final Control Discrete Automation Safety Productivity Intelligent Devices AspenTech Control Systems Software Software and Control Total 
 
 2023 Americas AMEA Europe Total Measurement Analytical Final Control Discrete Automation Safety Productivity Intelligent Devices AspenTech Control Systems Software Software and Control Total 
 
 Sales in the U.S. were , and for 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, while Asia, Middle East Africa includes sales in China of , and in those years. 
 
 Asia, Middle East Africa Europe Total 
 
 Property, plant and equipment located in the U.S. w as in 2023, in 2022 and in 2021. 
 
 69 

(21) 
 
 Rent expense 
 
 Amortization of intangibles (includes , and reported in Cost of Sales in 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively) (a) 
 Amortization of capitalized software Total 
 
 and related to the Heritage AspenTech acquisition for 2023 and 2022, respectively, and that is reported as a restructuring related cost in 2022. Backlog amortization related to the OSI acquisition is included in 2021. 
 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Unbilled receivables (contract assets) Deferred income taxes Asbestos-related insurance receivables 
 
 Employee compensation Operating lease liabilities (current) Product warranty 
 
 Pension and postretirement liabilities Operating lease liabilities (noncurrent) Asbestos litigation Other Total 

70 

(22) 
 Gross profit Earnings from continuing operations common stockholders Net earnings common stockholders Earnings per common share from continuing operations: Basic Diluted Net earnings per common share: Basic Diluted Dividends per common share 
 Earnings per share are computed independently each period; as a result, the quarterly amounts may not sum to the calculated annual figure. 
 
 Emerson Electric Co. common stock (symbol EMR) is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and NYSE Chicago. 

(23) 
 
 per share in cash at an equity value of billion. The effective price per share is considering shares previously acquired by Emerson. NI, which provides software-connected automated test and measurement systems that enable enterprises to bring products to market faster and at a lower cost, had revenues of approximately billion and pretax earnings of approximately for the 12 months ended September 30, 2023. NI will be referred to as Test Measurement and reported as a new segment in the Software and Control business group in 2024. The initial accounting for this transaction is not yet complete. 

71 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Emerson Electric Co.: 
 
 Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Emerson Electric Co. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 72 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Sufficiency of Audit Evidence over Net Sales 
 As discussed in Notes 1, 2 and 20 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, and disclosed in the consolidated statement of earnings, the Company recorded 15.2 billion of net sales in 2023. 
 We identified the evaluation of the sufficiency of audit evidence over net sales as a critical audit matter. Net sales are recognized primarily from the sale of tangible products from hundreds of Company locations around the world. Evaluating the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained required especially subjective auditor judgment because of the geographical dispersion of the Company s net sales generating activities. This included determining the Company locations at which procedures were performed and the supervision and review of procedures performed at those locations. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We applied auditor judgment to determine the nature and extent of procedures to be performed over net sales, including the determination of the Company locations at which those procedures were to be performed. At each Company location where procedures were performed, we: 
 
 Evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company s net sales processes, including the Company s controls over the accurate recording of amounts. 
 
 Assessed the recorded net sales by selecting a sample of transactions and compared the amounts recognized for consistency with underlying documentation, including contracts with customers and shipping documentation. 
 
 /s/ 
 We or our predecessor firms have served as the Company s auditor since 193 8. 
 
 November 13, 2023 
 
 73 

ITEM 9 - CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A - CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 The Company maintains a system of disclosure controls and procedures which is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company s certifying officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on an evaluation performed, the Company's certifying officers have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2023 to provide reasonable assurance of achieving these objectives. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, there can be no assurance that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures will detect or uncover all failures of persons within the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries to report material information otherwise required to be set forth in the Company's reports. There was no change in the Company's internal control over financial rep orting during the quarter ended September 30, 2023, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 In the fourth quarter, AspenTech implemented a new revenue management system and consequently, modified the design of certain internal controls within their revenue process. 
 
 Management s report on internal control over financial reporting, and the related report of the Company s auditor, KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, set forth in Item 7 and Item 8, respectively, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, are hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 9B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 During the three-month period ended September 30, 2023, none of our directors or officers or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 
 
 ITEM 9C - DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10 - DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Information regarding nominees and directors appearing under "Proxy Item No. 1: Election of Directors" in the Emerson Electric Co. Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement for the February 2024 annual shareholders' meeting (the "2024 Proxy Statement") is hereby incorporated by reference. Information regarding executive officers is set forth in Part I of this report. Information regarding the Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert appearing under "Board and Committee Operations Board and Corporate Governance Committees of Our Board of Directors," "Board and Committee Operations Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee Nomination Process" and " Proxy Access" in the 2024 Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to the Company's Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer; has posted such Code of Ethics on its website; and intends to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K by posting such information on its website. The Company has adopted Charters for its Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee and a Code of Business Ethics for directors, officers and employees, which are available on its website and in print to any stockholder who requests them. The Company has also adopted Corporate Governance Principles and Practices, which are available on its website and in print to any stockholder who requests them. The Corporate Governance section of the Company's website may be accessed as follows: www.Emerson.com, Investors, Corporate Governance. 
 74 

ITEM 11 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Information appearing under Executive Compensation" (including the information set forth under "Compensation Discussion and Analysis"), "Compensation Tables" (other than "Pay vs. Performance"), "Board and Committee Operations Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee Director Compensation," "Board and Committee Operations Compensation Committee" (including, but not limited to, the information set forth under "Role of Executive Officers and the Compensation Consultant," "Compensation Committee Report" and "Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation") in the 2024 Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 The information contained in the "Compensation Committee Report shall not be deemed to be filed with the SEC or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates such information into future filings under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act. 
 
 ITEM 12 - SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The information regarding beneficial ownership of shares by nominees and continuing directors, named executive officers, five percent beneficial owners, and by all directors and executive officers as a group appearing under "Ownership of Emerson Equity Securities" in the 2024 Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 The following table sets forth aggregate information regarding the Company s equity compensation plans as of September 30, 2023: 
 Number of Securities to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) Plan Category (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 6,056,000 53.35 2,747,000 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 6,056,000 53.35 2,747,000 
 
 (1) Includes the Stock Option and Incentive Shares Plans previously approved by the Company's security holders. Shares included in column (a) assume the maximum payouts, where applicable, and are as follows: (i) 589,000 shares reserved for outstanding stock option awards, (ii) 1,414,000 shares reserved for performance share awards granted in 2023, (iii) 1,346,000 shares reserved for performance share awards granted in 2022, (iv) 2,129,000 shares reserved for performance share awards granted in 2021 and (v) 578,000 shares reserved for outstanding restricted stock unit awards. As provided by the Company s Incentive Shares Plans, performance shares awards represent a commitment to issue such shares without cash payment by the employee, contingent upon achievement of the performance objectives and continued service by the employee. 
 
 The price in column (b) represents the weighted-average exercise price for outstanding options. Included in column (c) are shares remaining available for award under previously approved plans as follows: (i) 2,001,000 under the 2015 Incentive Shares Plan, (ii) 689,000 under the 2006 Incentive Shares Plan, and (iii) 57,000 under the Restricted Stock Plan for Non-Management Directors. 
 
 Information regarding stock option plans and incentive shares plans is set forth in Note 17. 
 
 ITEM 13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Information appearing under Board and Committee Operations Board and Corporate Governance Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons," " Certain Business Relationships and Related 
 75 

Party Transactions" and " Director Independence" in the 2024 Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14 - PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Information appearing under "Board and Committee Operations Audit Committee Fees Paid to KPMG LLP" in the 2024 Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15 - EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 A) Documents filed as a part of this report: 
 
 1. The consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes of the Company and subsidiaries and the report thereon of KPMG LLP set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules - All schedules are omitted because they are not required, not applicable or the required information is provided in the financial statements or notes thereto contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 3. Exhibits (Listed by numbers corresponding to the Exhibit Table of Item 601 in Regulation S-K). 
 
 2(a) Transaction Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 10, 2021 , among Emerson Electric Co., Aspen Technology, Inc., EMR Worldwide, Inc., Emersub CX, Inc. and Emersub CXI, Inc., incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on October 12, 2021, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 2.1. 
 
 2(b) Amendment No. 1 to the Transaction Agreement and Plan of Merger , dated as of March 23, 2022, among Emerson Electric Co., Aspen Technology, Inc., EMR Worldwide Inc., Emersub CX, Inc. and Emersub CXI, Inc., incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, filed on May 4, 2022, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 2(b). 
 
 2(c) Amendment No. 2 to the Transaction Agreement and Plan of Merger , dated as of May 3, 2022, among Emerson Electric Co., Aspen Technology, Inc., EMR Worldwide Inc., Emersub CX, Inc. and Emersub CXI, Inc., incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, filed on May 4, 2022, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 2(c). 
 
 2(d) Transaction Agreement, dated as of October 30, 2022 , among Emerson Electric Co., BCP Emerald Aggregator L.P., Emerald Debt Merger Sub L.L.C and Emerald JV Holdings L.P, incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 8-K, filed on October 31, 2022, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 2.1. 
 
 2(e) Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 12, 2023, among Emerson Electric Co., Emersub CXIV, Inc., and National Instruments Corporation , incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on April 12, 2023, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 2.1. 
 
 3(a) Restated Articles of Incorporation of Emerson Electric Co. , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2001, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 3(a); Termination of Designated Shares of Stock and Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Series B Junior Participating Preferred Stock , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 1998 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 3(a). 
 
 3(b) Bylaws of Emerson Electric Co ., as amended through May 4, 2021, incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 8-K dated May 4, 2021, filed on May 4, 2021, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 3.1. 
 
 4(a) Indenture dated as of December 10, 1998, between Emerson Electric Co. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as successor trustee to The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (successor to The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly known as the Bank of New York)), as trustee , incorporated by reference to 
 76 

Emerson Electric Co. 1998 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 4(b), Form of 2.000 Notes due 2028, incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 8-K, filed on December 21, 2021, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 4.2, Form of 2.200 Notes due 2031, incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 8-K, filed on December 21, 2021, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 4.3, Form of 2.800 Notes due 2051, incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 8-K, filed on December 21, 2021, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 4.4. 
 
 4(b) Agreement of Resignation, Appointment and Acceptance dated as of April 26, 2019 by and among Emerson Electric Co., Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as successor trustee, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as resigning trustee , incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 8-K dated May 15, 2019, filed on May 17, 2019, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 4.4. 
 
 4(c) Description of Capital Stock inc orporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co., 2020 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 4(c). 
 
 4(d) Description of 0.375 Notes due 2024, 1.250 Notes due 2025 and 2.000 Notes due 2029 , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co., 2019 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 4(d). 
 
 No other long-term debt instruments are filed since the total amount of securities authorized under any such instrument does not exceed 10 percent of the total assets of Emerson Electric Co. and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Emerson Electric Co. agrees to furnish a copy of such instruments to the SEC upon request. 
 
 10(a) Amended and Restated Emerson Electric Co. Continuing Compensation Plan for Non-Management Directors , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2007 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(c). 
 
 10(b) Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors and Forms of Payment Election Form, Initial Notice of Election and Notice of Election Change , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2007 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(d). 
 
 10(c) First Amendment to the Emerson Electric Co. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 1999 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(h), and Form of Change of Control Election , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 8-K dated October 1, 2004, Exhibit 10.9 (applicable only with respect to benefits vested as of December 31, 2004). 
 
 10(d) Amended and Restated Emerson Electric Co. Pension Restoration Plan dated October 6, 2015 , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2015 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(e); Forms of Participation Award Letter, Acceptance of Award and Benefit Election Forms (applicable only with respect to benefits after January 1, 2005) , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2007 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(f); and Lump Sum Distribution Election Forms. 
 
 10(e) Fifth Amendment to the Supplemental Executive Savings Investment Plan , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1999, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(j), and Form of Participation Agreement and Form of Annual Election , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 8-K filed October 1, 2004, Exhibit 10.8 (applicable only with respect to benefits vested as of December 31, 2004). 
 
 10(f) Amended and Restated Emerson Electric Co. Savings Investment Restoration Plan and Forms of Participation Agreement, Annual Election Form and Payment Election Form (applicable only with respect to benefits after January 1, 2005), incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2007 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(h), First Amendment to Emerson Electric Co. Savings Investment Restoration Plan , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2008, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.1 and Second Amendment to the Emerson Electric Co. Savings Investment Restoration Plan , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co., Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.2. 
 
 77 

10(g) Amended and Restated Emerson Electric Co. Annual Incentive Plan and Form of Acceptance of Award , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2007 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(i). 
 
 10(h) Emerson Electric Co. Description of Split Dollar Life Insurance Program Transition , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 8-K filed September 2, 2005, Exhibit 10.1. 
 
 10(i) Amended and Restated Restricted Stock Plan for Non-Management Directors , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2009, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.1, Form of Restricted Stock Award Letter under the Emerson Electric Co. Restricted Stock Plan for Non-Management Directors , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 8-K filed February 1, 2005, Exhibit 10.2, and Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Letter under the Emerson Electric Co. Restricted Stock Plan for Non-Management Directors , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2009, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.1. 
 
 10(j) Description of Non-Management Director Compensation , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-K filed November 20, 2017, Exhibit 10(n). 
 
 10(k) Description of Named Executive Officer Compensation , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-K filed November 20, 2017, Exhibit 10(o). 
 
 10(l) Emerson Electric Co. 2006 Incentive Shares Plan , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2006 Proxy Statement dated December 16, 2005, Appendix C, Amendment for 409A Compliance , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2007 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(q), Forms of Performance Shares Award Certificate and Acceptance of Award (used on or prior to September 30, 2009) and Restricted Shares Award Agreement (used on or prior to September 30, 2011) , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2007 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(q), Amendment to Emerson Electric Co. 2006 Incentive Shares Plan , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2008, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.1, Forms of Performance Shares Award Certificate, Acceptance of Award and 2010 Performance Shares Program Award Summary , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2009 (used after September 30, 2009 and on or prior to September 30, 2011), File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.2, Forms of Performance Shares Award Certificate and Acceptance of Award , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2011, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.3 (used after September 30, 2011), and Form of Restricted Shares Award Agreement , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2011, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.4 (used after September 30, 2011). 
 
 10(m) Credit Agreement dated as of February 17, 2023. , incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on February 21, 2023, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.1. 
 
 10(n) 2011 Stock Option Plan , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2011 Proxy Statement dated December 10, 2010, File No. 1-278, Appendix B, 2011 Stock Option Plan as Amended and Restated effective October 1, 2012 , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2012 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(r), Forms of Notice of Grant of Stock Options, Option Agreement and Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 2011 Stock Option Plan , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.1 and Forms of Notice of Grant of Stock Options, Option Agreement and Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the 2011 Stock Option Plan , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.2. 
 
 10(o) Emerson Electric Co. 2015 Incentive Shares Plan , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2015 Proxy Statement dated December 12, 2014, Appendix B, Forms of Performance Shares Award Certificate and Acceptance of Award (used on or prior to November 5, 2018), Performance Shares Program Award Summary (used on or prior to November 5, 2018) and Form of Restricted Shares Award Agreement (used on or prior to November 5, 2018) , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2015 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(u), Form of Restricted Shares 
 78 

Award Agreement (used after November 5, 2018) , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2018, Exhibit 10.1, Form of Restricted Stock Un its Program Acceptance of Award (used after November 5, 2018) , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2018, Exhibit 10.2 and Form of Performance Share Program Acceptance of Award (used after November 5, 2018) , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2018, Exhibit 10.3., Form of Emerson Electric Co. Performance Shares Program Award Agreement (used after November 1, 2021), incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2021, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.2 
 
 10(p) Transaction Agreement dated as of July 29, 2016 among Emerson Electric Co., Cortes NP Holdings, LLC, Cortes NP Acquisition Corporation, ASCO Power Grp, LLC and Cortes NP JV Holdings, LLC , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2016 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(w). 
 
 10(q) Emerson Electric Co. Savings Investment Restoration Plan II , incorporated by reference to the Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.1, Second Amendment to the Emerson Electric Co. Savings Investment Restoration Plan , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co., Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.2 and First Amendment to the Emerson Electric Co. Savings Investment Restoration Plan II , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co., Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.1. 
 
 10(r) Letter Agreement dated November 16, 2022 between Emerson Electric Co. and Mark J. Bulanda, signed November 22, 2022. , incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on November 28, 2022, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.1. 
 
 10(s) Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors and Forms of Payment Election Forms , incorporated by reference to the Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2022, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(a). 
 
 10(t) Amended and Restated Restricted Stock Plan for Non-Management Directors and Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Letter under the Emerson Electric Co. Restricted Stock Plan for Non-Management Directors , incorporated by reference to the Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2022, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(b). 
 
 10(u) Emerson Electric Co. Annual Cash Incentive Plan and Form of Acceptance of Award, incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-Q, filed on February 8, 2023, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(c). 
 
 10(v) Letter Agreement dated May 2, 2023 between Emerson Electric Co. and Frank J. Dellaquila. , incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on May 3, 2023, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.1. 
 
 21 Subsidiaries of Emerson Electric Co. 
 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 24 Power of Attorney 
 
 31 Certifications pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 
 
 32 Certifications pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 97 I ncentive Compensation Recovery (Clawback) Policy 
 
 101 Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following documents formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2022 and 2023, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2022, and 2023 (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2022 and 2023, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2022 and 2023, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years 
 79 

ended September 30, 2021, 2022 and 2023, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan. 
 
 Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. Emerson agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. Portions of these exhibits have been redacted in compliance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10). 
 
 The Company entered into two global notes for each series of notes (Notes A-1 and A-2), which are identical other than with respect to the note number 

ITEM 16 - FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 Not applicable. 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. By /s/ M. J. Baughman 
 M. J. Baughman 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer November 13, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below on November 13, 2023, by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated. 
 
 80 

Signature Title /s/ S. L. Karsanbhai President and Chief Executive Officer S. L. Karsanbhai /s/ M. J. Baughman Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer M. J. Baughman Chair of the Board J. S. Turley Director M. A. Blinn Director J. B. Bolten Director M. S. Craighead Director W. H. Easter III Director G. A. Flach Director A. F. Golden Director L. Goncalves Director C. Kendle 
 Director L. M. Lee Director M. S. Levatich Director J. M. McKelvey 
 By /s/ M. J. Baughman M. J. Baughman Attorney-in-Fact 
 81 

<EX-21>
 2
 exhibit21fy23.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 
 Subsidiaries and Affiliates of Emerson Electric Co. 
 September 30, 2023 

LEGAL NAME JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION Appleton Holding Corp. Delaware Appleton Group Canada, Ltd. Canada Appleton Grp LLC Delaware Appleton Electric LLC Delaware Appleton Electric, S.A. de C.V. Mexico EGS Comercializadora Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Nutsteel DHC B.V. Netherlands Nutsteel Ind stria Metal rgica Ltda Brazil Appleton Holding Sarl France ATX SAS France Easy Heat Europe SAS France EGS Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico EGS Private Ltd. Singapore Emerson Hazardous Electrical Equipment (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China GSEG LLC Delaware ASCO Numatics Holding, Inc. Delaware Bristol, Inc. Delaware Energy Solutions International Sub, LLC Delaware Energy Solutions International GP, LLC Pennsylvania Energy Solutions International (India) Private Limited India California Emerson LLC Delaware Computational Systems, Incorporated Tennessee DMCO Holding, Inc. Delaware DMCO UK Holding Limited United Kingdom DMCO Holding Limited United Kingdom Spectra-Tek UK Limited United Kingdom Emerson Measurement Systems and Solutions (India) Private Limited India Spectra-Tek International Limited United Kingdom Greenfield (UK) Limited United Kingdom Danmasa S.A. de C.V. Mexico Emerson Automation Solutions Actuation Technologies Holding, Inc. Delaware Emerson Process Management Valve Automation, Inc. Delaware Bettis Canada Ltd. Canada Bettis Holdings Limited United Kingdom Bettis UK Limited United Kingdom RPP, LLC Massachusetts EECO, Inc. Delaware Apple JV Holding Corp. Delaware Easy Heat, Inc. Delaware Emersub CV, Inc. Delaware Flow Control US Holding Corporation Delaware Emerson Final Control US Holding LLC Texas Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control France SARL France 

FC QSF, LLC Delaware The J.R. Clarkson Company LLC Nevada Crosby Valve, LLC Nevada Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control US LP Delaware Emerson Vulcan Holding LLC Delaware TV&C GP Holding, LLC Nevada Vulsub Holdings A, LLC Delaware Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control (Thailand) Ltd. Thailand Vulsub VZ, C.A. Venezuela Vulsub Holdings B, LLC Delaware Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control (Beijing) Co., Ltd. China Keystone Valve (Korea) LLC Korea Vulsub Holdings D, LLC Delaware Vulsub Property Holding, LLC Delaware Emerson Electric (U.S.) Holding Corporation Delaware Automatic Switch Company Delaware ASC Investments, Inc. Delaware ASCO Japan Co., Ltd. Japan ASCO, L.P. Delaware Aventics LLC Delaware Emerson (Taiwan) Limited Taiwan Ascomatica S.A. de C.V. Mexico Ascomation Pty. Ltd. Australia Ascotech, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Ascoval Industria e Commercio Ltda Brazil Emerson Fluid Control & Pneumatics, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Emerson Process Management Chennai Private Limited India Branson Ultrasonics Corporation Delaware Branson Korea Co., Ltd. Korea Branson Ultrasonidos S.A.E. Spain Branson Ultrasons SAS France Emerson Dietzenbach GmbH Germany Emerson Electric Overseas Finance Corp. Delaware Emerson Process Management Verwaltung GmbH Germany Emerson Process Management GmbH & Co. OHG Germany Aventics Services Germany GmbH Germany Aventics GmbH Germany Aventics AG Switzerland Aventics GmbH Austria epro GmbH Germany Flow Control Holding GmbH & Co. KG Germany Flow Control Holding Verwaltungs GmbH Germany Gustav Klauke GmbH Germany Sempell GmbH Germany Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control Germany GmbH Germany Mecafrance (Deutschland) GmbH Germany SABO-Armaturen Service GmbH Germany Emersub Deutschland Holding GmbH Germany Emerson Technologies Verwaltungs GmbH Germany Emerson Technologies GmbH & Co. OHG Germany Emersub LXXXVI, Inc. Delaware Ridge Tool GmbH Germany Ridge Tool GmbH & Co. OHG Germany Rosemount Inc. Minnesota 

Dieterich Standard, Inc. Delaware Emerson Asia Pacific Private Limited Singapore Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control (Sichuan) Co., Ltd. China Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China PT Emerson Solutions Indonesia Indonesia Safety Systems UK Pte. Ltd. Singapore Sakhi Raimondi Valve (India) Limited India Emerson Process Management Manufacturing (M) Sdn Bhd Malaysia Emerson Process Management Valve Automation (M) Sdn Bhd Malaysia Spectronix Ltd. Israel Emerson Automation Solutions Measurement Systems & Services LLC Delaware Metco Services Venezuela, C.A. Venezuela Emerson Industrial Automation USA Inc. Delaware Fincor Holding, LLC Delaware Emerson Korea Limited Korea Aventics Ltd. Korea Emerson Process Management AB Sweden Emerson Process Management A S (Denmark) Denmark Emerson Process Management Oy Finland Emerson Process Management, S.L. Spain Emersub LXXXIV, Inc. Delaware Keystone Germany Holdings Corp. Delaware Chemat GmbH Armaturen fur Industrie - und Nuklearanlage Germany Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control de M xico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Emerson Process Management, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Emersub UK II Limited United Kingdom EMR Europe Holdings Inc. Delaware EMR Holdings (France) SAS France ASCO SAS France Asco Numatics GmbH Germany Emerson Automation Fluid Control & Pneumatics Iberia, S.A. Spain Joucomatic N.V. Belgium Aventics Holding S.A.S. France Aventics S.A.S. France Emerson Process Management SAS France Emerson Process Management, Lda Portugal Francel SAS France Generale de Robinetterie Industrielle et de Systemes de Surete S.A.S. France Klauke France SARL France Ridgid France SAS France Micro Motion, Inc. Colorado P I Components Corp. Texas Rosemount China Inc. Minnesota Rosemount Limited Hong Kong Rosemount Nuclear Instruments, Inc. Delaware Rosemount Specialty Products LLC Delaware Emersub 15 LLC Delaware Emersub CXIII, Inc. Delaware Emersub 20 LLC Delaware Emersub 22 LLC Delaware Ridge Tool Company Ohio Greenlee Tools, Inc. Delaware Emerson Professional Tools, LLC Delaware 

Emerson Professional Tools Mfg LLC Delaware Ridge Tool (Australia) Pty. Ltd. Australia Ridge Tool Manufacturing Company Delaware Ridge Tool Pattern Company Delaware RIDGID, Inc. Delaware Ridgid Italia S.R.L. Italy Ridgid Online, Inc. Ohio Ridgid Werkzeuge AG Switzerland E.G.P. Corporation Delaware Emerson Arabia, Inc. Delaware Emerson Process Management Arabia Limited Saudi Arabia Emersub 4 LLC Delaware Emerson Electric (Asia) Limited Hong Kong Emerson Electric (South Asia) Pte. Ltd. Singapore Emerson (Philippines) Corporation Philippines Emerson Electric II, C.A. Venezuela Soluciones 0925, C.A. Venezuela Emerson Electric International, Inc. Delaware Emerson Electric Ireland Limited Bermuda Emersub Treasury Ireland Unlimited Company Ireland Emerson Electric (Mauritius) Ltd Mauritius Emerson Electric Company (India) Private Limited India Westinghouse Electric Pvt. Limited Mauritius Emerson Process Management Power & Water Solutions India Private Limited India Emerson Finance LLC Delaware Emerson Middle East, Inc. Delaware Rosemount Tank Gauging Middle East W.L.L. Bahrain Emerson Ventures Inc. Delaware Emersub 3 LLC Delaware Emersub 16 LLC Delaware Emersub 19 LLC Delaware Emersub 21 LLC Delaware Emersub 23 LLC Delaware Emersub CXIV, Inc. Delaware Emersub CII, Inc. Delaware Emersub XLVI, Inc. Nevada Emersub Italia S.R.L. Italy EMR Foundation, Inc. Missouri EMR Holdings, Inc. Delaware Branson de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Copeland Compresores Hermeticos, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Dar Ibtikar Al Iraq for General Services and General Trade LLC Iraq Emerson Argentina S.A. Argentina Chloride Koexa S.A. Argentina Emerson Automation Solutions GmbH Switzerland Emerson Dominicana, Srl Dominican Republic Emerson Electric (U.S.) Holding Corporation (Chile) Limitada Chile Emerson Electric CR, Limitada Costa Rica Emerson Electric de Mexico S.A. de C.V. Mexico Emerson Electric (M) Sdn Bhd Malaysia Emerson Process Management Magyarorszag Kft. Hungary Emerson Process Management NV Belgium AE Valves Belgium Emerson Puerto Rico, Inc. Puerto Rico Emerson (Thailand) Limited Thailand 

Emersub 5 LLC Delaware Emersub Mexico, Inc. Nevada Emerson Tool and Appliance Company, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Emersub 1 LLC Delaware Emersub UK Limited United Kingdom EMR Worldwide Inc. Delaware Aspen Technology, Inc. Delaware Aspen Technology Holdings Corporation Delaware Paradigm B.V. Netherlands AGI Mexicana S.A. de C.V. Mexico Paradigm France S.A. France Paradigm Geophysical B.V. Netherlands Paradigm Geophysical de Venezuela, C.A. Venezuela Paradigm Geophysical do Brasil Ltda Brazil Paradigm Geophysical Italy SRL Italy Paradigm Geophysical (Nigeria) Limited Nigeria Paradigm Geophysical S.A. Argentina Paradigm Geophysical Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Paradigm Geophysical (KL) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Paradigm Geophysical Spain S.L. Spain Paradigm Geotechnology (Egypt) S.A.E. Egypt Paradigm Kazakhstan LLP Kazakhstan Paradigm Middle East FZ-LLC United Arab Emirates Roxar Paradigm, E&P Software Services LLC Russia Paradigm Geophysical (India) Private Limited India Paradigm Geophysical Limited Israel Paradigm Geoservices Canada Ltd. Canada Paradigm Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. China Paradigm (UK) Holding Limited United Kingdom Paradigm Geophysical Pty Ltd Australia PT. Paradigm Geophysical Indonesia Indonesia Paradigm Geophysical (U.K.) Limited United Kingdom Roxar Software Solutions AS Norway Roxar Services AS Norway Roxar Services OOO Russia Roxar Technologies AS Norway Paradigm Geophysical Corp. Delaware Aspen Paradigm Holding LLC Delaware Open Systems International, Inc. Minnesota Open Systems International Australia Pty Ltd Australia Open Systems International Europe SL Spain OSI du Canada Inc. Quebec OSI Energy Automation India Private Limited India AspenTech Corporation Delaware AspenTech Africa (Pty.) Ltd. South Africa AspenTech Argentina S.R.L. Argentina AspenTech Canada Holdings, LLC Delaware AspenTech Canada Corporation Canada AspenTech Solutions Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Aspen Technology S.L. Spain AspenTech de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico AspenTech Europe B.V. Netherlands Apex Optimisation Technologies B.V. Netherlands AspenTech Norway AS Norway Camo Smart Software, Inc. New Jersey 

AspenTech S.R.L. Romania inmation Software GmbH Germany inmation BNX B.V. Netherlands inmation Lux S.a.r.l. Luxembourg inmation UK Ltd. United Kingdom AspenTech Europe S.A. N.V. Belgium AspenTech Holding Corporation Delaware Mtelligence Corporation Delaware The Fidelis Group, LLC Texas AspenTech Ltd. United Kingdom Apex Optimisation SRO Czech Republic Argent & Waugh Limited United Kingdom AspenTech Pte. Ltd. Singapore AspenTech Software Brasil Ltda. Brazil AspenTech Software Corporation Delaware Aspen Technology LLC Russia AspenTech S.r.l. Italy AspenTech Venezuela, C.A. Venezuela Aspen Technology (Asia) Inc. Delaware AspenTech (Beijing) Ltd. China AspenTech (Shanghai) Ltd. China Aspen Tech (Thailand) Ltd. Thailand AspenTech India Pvt. Ltd. India AspenTech Japan Co., Ltd. Japan Aspen Technology Australia Pty. Ltd. Australia AspenTech Australia Holidng Pty. Ltd. Australia Aspen Technology International, Inc. Delaware Aspen Technology S.A.S. Colombia Aspen Technology Services Corporation Delaware Mnubo Solutions Inc. Canada Emerson DHC B.V. Netherlands Emerson Process Management Ltda Brazil Emerson Electric Canada Limited Canada EMR US Holdings LLC Delaware EMR Worldwide B.V. in liquidatie Netherlands Rutherfurd US, LLC Delaware Rutherfurd Acquisitions Limited United Kingdom Afag Holding AG Switzerland Afag Automation AG Switzerland Afag Automation Technology (Shanghao) Co., Ltd. China Afag Engineering GmbH Germany Afag GmbH Germany Alexander Schaeff, Inc. Delaware Branson Ultrasonics a.s. Slovakia Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control Africa (Pty) Ltd South Africa Vulsub South Africa (Pty) Ltd South Africa Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control South Africa (Pty) Ltd South Africa Emerson International Holding Company Limited United Kingdom Branson Ultrasonic Sarl Switzerland Digital Appliance Controls (UK) Limited United Kingdom Emerson Holding Company Limited United Kingdom Emerson Automation Fluid Control & Pneumatics UK Limited United Kingdom Emerson Electric U.K. Limited United Kingdom Artesyn Hungary Elektronikai Kft. Hungary Bray Lectroheat Limited United Kingdom 

Buehler Europe Limited United Kingdom Bannerscientific Limited United Kingdom Buehler UK Limited United Kingdom Metallurgical Services Laboratories Limited United Kingdom Metaserv Limited United Kingdom Emerson Automation Solutions Egypt LLC Egypt Emerson Egypt LLC Egypt Emerson FZE UAE Emerson Automation Solutions Mozambique Limitada Mozambique Emerson Gabon SARL Gabon Emerson Mauritania SARL Mauritania Emerson Process Management Angola Lda Angola EMRSN Process Management Morocco Sarl Morocco Emerson Saudi Arabia LLC Saudi Arabia Emerson Energy Systems (UK) Limited United Kingdom Emerson Process Management Limited United Kingdom Emerson Automation Solutions Actuation Technologies Limited United Kingdom Emerson Automation Solutions Ireland Limited Ireland Emerson Process Management Distribution Limited United Kingdom Emerson Process Management Shared Services Limited United Kingdom Permasense Limited United Kingdom Roxar Limited United Kingdom Emerson UK Trustees Limited United Kingdom Rosemount Topco Limited United Kingdom Rosemount Measurement Limited United Kingdom Cascade Technologies Holdings Limited United Kingdom Cascade Technologies Limited United Kingdom Emerson Automation Solutions SSC UK Limited United Kingdom Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control UK Ltd United Kingdom Emerson Sales UK Limited United Kingdom Emerson Automation Solutions UK Limited United Kingdom Emerson Electric Holdings (Switzerland) GmbH Switzerland Asco Controls B.V. Netherlands Asco Joucomatic ZA B.V. Netherlands Aventics B.V. Netherlands Emerson Automation FCP Kft Hungary Emerson Automation Fluid Control & Pneumatics Czech Republic s.r.o. Czech Republic Emerson Automation Fluid Control & Pneumatics Poland Sp. z o.o. Poland Emerson Process Management AG Switzerland Emerson LLC Azerbaijan Emerson LLP Kazakhstan Emerson Process Management del Peru, S.A.C. Peru Emerson Process Management Kft. Hungary Emerson Process Management Romania S.R.L. Romania Emerson Automation Solutions Bulgaria EOOD Bulgaria Emerson Process Management Sp. z o.o. Poland Emerson Process Management UAB Lithuania Emerson Process Management Ticaret Limited Sirket Turkey Emerson Process Management, s.r.o. Czech Republic Emerson Process Management, s.r.o. Slovakia Emerson TOV Ukraine Emerson Process Management Co., Ltd. China EMR Emerson Holdings (Switzerland) GmbH Switzerland Emerson Process Management Qatar W.L.L. Qatar EMR (Asia) Limited Hong Kong 

Emerson Electric (China) Holdings Co., Ltd. China ASCO Valve (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Beijing Rosemount Far East Instrument Co., Ltd. China Branson Ultrasonics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Emerson Beijing Instrument Company, Ltd. China Emerson Machinery Equipment (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. China Emerson Process Management Flow Technologies Co., Ltd. China Emerson Process Management (Tianjin) Valves Co., Ltd. China Emerson Professional Tools (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Emerson Xi'an Engineering Center China Fisher Jeon Gas Equipment (Chengdu) Co., Ltd. China Fisher Regulators (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Rosemount Tank Radar AB Sweden Emerson Process Management Marine Solutions Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Rosemount Tank Radar Properties AB Sweden Virgo Valves & Controls (ME) FZE UAE Emerson Electric Nederland B.V. Netherlands Aegir Norge Holding AS Norway Roxar AS Norway Roxar Flow Measurement AS Norway Emerson Process Management Nigeria Limited Nigeria Roxar Maximum Reservoir Performance W.L.L. Bahrain Roxar de Venezuela C.A. Venezuela Damcos Holding A S Denmark Damcos A S Denmark Emerson Process Management Marine Solutions Korea Co., Ltd. Korea Emerson Process Management Marine Systems (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Emerson Automation Solutions AS Norway Emerson Network Power DHC B.V. Netherlands Beckman Industrial B.V. Netherlands Branson Ultrasonics B.V. in liquidation Netherlands El-O-Matic B.V. Netherlands Emerson Process Management (South Africa) (Proprietary) Ltd. South Africa Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control Netherlands B.V. Netherlands Emerson Process Management B.V. Netherlands EMRSN HLDG B.V. Netherlands Emerson Process Management Flow B.V. Netherlands System Plast International B.V. Netherlands Emerson S.R.L. Romania Emerson Process Management (Vietnam) Co., Ltd. Vietnam Emerson Nigeria FZE Nigeria Emerson Process Management Europe GmbH Switzerland Emerson Sice S.r.l. Italy Branson Ultrasuoni S.R.L. Italy Emerson Automation Fluid Control & Pneumatics Italy S.R.L. Italy Emerson Process Management S.R.L. Italy Progea S.r.l. Italy Progea Deutschland GmbH Germany Progea International, S.A. Switzerland Vulsub Italia S.r.l. Italy Biffi Italia S.r.l. Italy Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control Italia S.r.l. Italy Emerson USD Finance Company Limited United Kingdom FLEXIM Flexible Industriemesstechnick GmbH Germany FLEXIM Australia Pty Ltd Australia 

FLEXIM Flow India Pvt. Ltd. India FLEXIM France SAS France FLEXIM GmbH Austria FLEXIM Instruments (Zhenjiang) Co., Ltd. China FLEXIM Instruments Asia Pte Ltd Singapore FLEXIM Instruments Benelux B.V. Netherlands FLEXIM Instruments UK Ltd. United Kingdom FLEXIM Japan Ltd. Japan FLEXIM S.A. Chile HTE Engineering Services Limited Ireland Klauke Handelsgesellschaft mbH Austria Klauke Slovakia s.r.o. Slovakia Klauke UK Ltd United Kingdom Mita-Teknik A S Denmark Mita-Teknik (Ningbo) Co., Ltd. China Mita-Teknik, Udlejning ApS Denmark Mita-Teknik Ltd. Ukraine Emerson Mexico Finance, S.A. de C.V., SOFOM, ENR Mexico Emerson Process Management de Colombia SAS Colombia Emerson Process Management d.o.o. Croatia Emerson Process Management (India) Private Limited India Emerson Process Management S.A. Greece Emerson Valves & Controls Japan Co., Ltd. Japan Taiwan Valve Co., Ltd. Taiwan Vulsub Brasil Holding Luxembourg Vulsub Brasil Ltda. Brazil Westlock Equipamentos de Controle Ltda. Brazil Hiter Industria e Comercio de Controles Termo-Hidraulicos Ltda. Brazil Vulsub Holding Ltd Isle of Man Vulsub Holdings II Limited United Kingdom Vulsub Middle East Holdings, LLC Delaware Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control Middle East FZE United Arab Emirates Vulsub Gulf Holding Limited United Arab Emirates Emirates Techno Casting FZE United Arab Emirates JCF Fluid Flow India Private Limited India Vulsub S.A. Argentina F-R Tecnologias de Flujo, S.A. de C.V. Mexico PT. Emerson Indonesia Indonesia Tranmet Holdings Limited United Kingdom Tranmet Holdings B.V. Netherlands EPMCO Holdings, Inc. Delaware Emerson Process Management Regulator Technologies, Inc. Delaware Fromex, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Fisher Controls International LLC Delaware Emerson Process Management Australia Pty Ltd Australia Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control Australia Pty Limited Australia Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control Sales Australia Pty Limited Australia Emerson Process Management New Zealand Limited New Zealand Fisher Controles de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Nippon Fisher Co., Ltd. Japan Fisher-Rosemount Systems, Inc. Delaware Emerson Process Management Holding LLC Delaware Emerson Process Management LLLP Delaware Emerson Process Management Power & Water Solutions, Inc. Delaware American Governor Company LLC Delaware 

Instrument & Valve Services Company Delaware EPM Tulsa Holdings Corp. Delaware Emerson Process Management Regulator Technologies Tulsa, LLC Oklahoma FLEXIM Americas Corporation New York Fusite Corporation Ohio Emerson Japan, Ltd. Japan Fusite Land Company Delaware General Equipment and Manufacturing Company, Inc. Kentucky Hiross India Private Limited India Humboldt Hermetic Motor Corp. Delaware Intelligent Platforms, LLC Delaware Emerson Automation Solutions Intelligent Platforms Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. Singapore Emerson Automation Solutions Intelligent Platforms Private Limited India Emerson Automation Solutions Intelligent Platforms (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China ICC Intelligent Platforms GmbH Germany Industrial Controls Canada ULC Canada Intrinsic Safety Equipment of Texas, Inc. Texas ProTeam, Inc. Idaho Ridge Tool Europe NV Belgium Emerson Professional Tools AG Switzerland Ridgid Scandinavia A S Denmark Rosemount Tank Gauging North America Inc. Texas Tescom Corporation Minnesota Tescom Europe Management GmbH Germany Tescom Europe GmbH & Co. KG Germany 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 exhibit23fy23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 
 Consent Of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 The Board of Directors 
 Emerson Electric Co. 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration State ment Nos. 333-274942, 333-206096, 333-173933, 333-221671, 333-154361, 333-152917, and 333-152916 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-250115, 333-52658, 333-84673, and 333-66865 on Form S-3 of our re port dated November 13, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Emerson Electric Co. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 

s KPMG LLP 
 
 St. Louis, Missouri 
 November 13, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 4
 exhibit24fy23.htm
 EX-24

Document 

Exhibit 24 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned members of the Board of Directors and Executive Officers of Emerson Electric Co., a Missouri corporation with principal offices at 8000 West Florissant Avenue, St. Louis, Missouri 63136, hereby appoint M.J. Baughman, S. Y. Bosco, and J. A. Sperino as their Attorneys-in-Fact for the purpose of signing Emerson Electric Co.'s Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K (and any and all Amendments thereto) for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. Signature Title Date s J. S. Turley Chair of the Board October 3, 2023 J. S. Turley s M. A. Blinn Director October 3, 2023 M. A. Blinn s J. B. Bolten Director October 3, 2023 J. B. Bolten s M. S. Craighead Director October 3, 2023 M. S. Craighead s W. H. Easter III Director October 3, 2023 W. H. Easter III s G. A. Flach Director October 3, 2023 G. A. Flach s A. F. Golden Director October 3, 2023 A. F. Golden s L. Goncalves Director October 3, 2023 L. Goncalves s C. Kendle Director October 3, 2023 C. Kendle s L. M. Lee Director October 3, 2023 L. M. Lee s M. S. Levatich Director October 3, 2023 M. S. Levatich s J. M. McKelvey Director October 3, 2023 J. M. McKelvey s S. L. Karsanbhai President and Chief Executive Officer October 3, 2023 S. L. Karsanbhai s M. J. Baughman Executive Vice President, October 3, 2023 M. J. Baughman Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-24>

<EX-31>
 5
 exhibit31fy23.htm
 EX-31

Document 

Exhibit 31 
 Certification 
 
 I, S. L. Karsanbhai, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Emerson Electric Co. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred 
 during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 13, 2023 s S. L. Karsanbhai S. L. Karsanbhai President and Chief Executive Officer Emerson Electric Co. 

Certification 
 
 I, M. J. Baughman, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Emerson Electric Co. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 13, 2023 s M. J. Baughman M. J. Baughman Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Emerson Electric Co. 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 exhibit32fy23.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(b) AND 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Emerson Electric Co. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, S. L. Karsanbhai, certify, to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s S. L. Karsanbhai S. L. Karsanbhai President and Chief Executive Officer Emerson Electric Co. November 13, 2023 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(b) AND 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Emerson Electric Co. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, M. J. Baughman, certify, to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s M. J. Baughman M. J. Baughman Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Emerson Electric Co. November 13, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-97>
 7
 exhibit97fy23.htm
 EX-97

Document 

Exhibit 97 

Emerson Electric Co. the Company 
 Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy 
 
 I. Introduction 
 
 The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board has adopted this Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy (this Policy to comply with NYSE Listed Company Rule 303A.14, which provides for the recovery of certain executive compensation in the event of an Accounting Restatement resulting from material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements under the U.S. federal securities laws. 
 
 II. Administration 
 
 This Policy shall be administered by the Committee. Any determinations made by the Committee shall be final and binding on all affected individuals. 
 
 III. Definitions 
 
 For purposes of this Policy, the following capitalized terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 
 (a) Accounting Restatement means an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the U.S. federal securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial restatements that is material to the previously issued financial statements (a Big R restatement), or that corrects an error that is not material to previously issued financial statements, but would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (a little r restatement). 
 
 (b) Recovery Eligible Incentive-based Compensation means, in connection with an Accounting Restatement and with respect to each individual who served as a Covered Executive at any time during the applicable performance period for any Incentive-based Compensation (whether or not such Covered Executive is serving at the time the Erroneously Awarded Compensation is required to be repaid to the Company), all Incentive-based Compensation Received by such Covered Executive (i) on or after the Effective Date, (ii) after beginning service as a Covered Executive, (iii) while the Company has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national securities association, and (iv) during the applicable Recovery Period. 
 
 (c) Recovery Period means, with respect to any Accounting Restatement, the three completed fiscal years of the Company immediately preceding the Restatement Date and any transition period (that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year) of less than nine months within or immediately following those three completed fiscal years. 
 
 (d) Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 
 (e) Covered Executives means the Company's current and former Executive Officers, as determined by the Committee in accordance with Section 10D of the Exchange Act and the listing standards of NYSE. 

(f) Effective Date means October 2, 2023. 
 
 (g) Erroneously Awarded Compensation means, with respect to each Covered Executive in connection with an Accounting Restatement, the amount of Recovery Eligible Incentive-based Compensation that exceeds the amount of Incentive-based Compensation that otherwise would have been Received had it been determined based on the restated amounts, computed without regard to any taxes paid. 
 
 (h) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (i) Executive Officer means the Company s president, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer (or if there is no such accounting officer, the controller), any vice-president of the Company in charge of a principal business unit, division, or function (such as sales, administration, or finance), any other officer who performs a policy-making function, or any other person (including any executive officer of the Company s affiliates) who performs similar policy-making functions for the Company. The term Executive Officer includes, without limitation, those officers identified by the Company in any disclosure made pursuant to the requirements of Regulation S-K Item 401(b). 
 
 (j) Financial Reporting Measures means measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and all other measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures. Stock price and total shareholder return (and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from stock price or total shareholder return) shall for purposes of this Policy be considered Financial Reporting Measures. For the avoidance of doubt, a Financial Reporting Measure need not be presented in the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the SEC. 
 
 (k) Incentive-based Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure. 
 
 (l) NYSE means the New York Stock Exchange. 
 
 (m) Received - Incentive-based Compensation shall be deemed Received in the Company s fiscal period during which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in the Incentive-based Compensation award is attained, even if payment or grant of the Incentive-based Compensation occurs after the end of that period. 
 
 (n) Restatement Date means the earlier to occur of (i) (A) the date the Board, or (B) the date a committee of the Board or the officers of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement, or (ii) the date a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare an Accounting Restatement. 
 
 (o) SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

IV. Repayment of Erroneously Awarded Compensation Method of Recovery 
 
 (a) In the event of an Accounting Restatement, the Committee shall take reasonably prompt action after the Restatement Date to determine the amount of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation for each Covered Executive in connection with such Accounting Restatement and, thereafter, shall promptly provide each Covered Executive with a written notice containing the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation and a demand for repayment or return, as applicable. For Incentive-based Compensation based on (or derived from) stock price or total shareholder return where the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in the applicable Accounting Restatement, the amount shall be determined by the Committee based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the stock price or total shareholder return upon which the Incentive-based Compensation was Received (in which case the Company shall maintain documentation of such determination of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to the NYSE). 
 
 (b) The Committee shall have broad discretion to determine the appropriate means of recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on all applicable facts and circumstances and taking into account the time value of money and the cost to shareholders of delaying recovery, including without limitation (i) requiring reimbursement of cash Incentive-based Compensation previously paid (ii) seeking recovery of any gain realized on the vesting, exercise, settlement, sale, transfer, or other disposition of any equity-based awards (iii) offsetting the amount of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation from any compensation otherwise owed by the Company to the Covered Executive (iv) cancelling outstanding vested or unvested equity awards and or (v) taking any other remedial and recovery action permitted by law. For the avoidance of doubt, except as set forth in Section IV(d) below, in no event may the Company accept an amount that is less than the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation in satisfaction of a Covered Executive s obligations hereunder. 
 
 (c) To the extent that a Covered Executive fails to repay all Erroneously Awarded Compensation to the Company when due (as determined in accordance with Section IV(b) above), the Company shall take all actions reasonable and appropriate to recover such Erroneously Awarded Compensation from the applicable Covered Executive. The applicable Covered Executive shall be required to reimburse the Company for any and all expenses reasonably incurred (including legal fees) by the Company in recovering such Erroneously Awarded Compensation in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence. 
 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall not be required to take the actions contemplated by Section IV(b) above if the following conditions are met and the Committee determines that recovery would be impracticable 
 
 (i) the direct expenses paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy against a Covered Executive would exceed the amount to be recovered, after the Company has made a reasonable attempt to recover the applicable Erroneously Awarded Compensation, documented such attempts and provided such documentation to NYSE 

(ii) recovery would violate home country law where that law was adopted prior to November 28, 2022 provided that, before determining that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on violation of home country law, the Company has obtained an opinion of home country counsel (acceptable to NYSE) that recovery would result in such a violation and a copy of the opinion is provided to NYSE or 
 
 (iii) recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(a)(13) or 26 U.S.C. 411(a) and the regulations thereunder. 
 
 V. Reporting and Disclosure 
 
 The Company shall file all disclosures with respect to this Policy in accordance with the requirement of the U.S. federal securities laws, including the disclosure required by applicable SEC filings. 
 VI. No Indemnification 
 
 Notwithstanding the terms of any of the Company s organizational documents, any corporate policy or any contract, the Company shall not indemnify any Covered Executive against the loss of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation or any claims relating to the Company s enforcement of its rights under this Policy nor shall the Company pay or reimburse any Covered executive for any insurance premium to cover the loss of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation. 
 
 VII. Interpretation 
 
 The Committee is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate, or advisable for the administration of this Policy. It is intended that this Policy be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or standards adopted by the SEC or the NYSE. 
 
 VIII. Effective Date 
 
 This Policy shall be effective as of the Effective Date. 
 
 IX. Amendment Termination 
 
 The Board may amend this Policy from time to time in its discretion. The Board may terminate this Policy at any time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amendment or termination of this Policy shall be effective if such amendment or termination would (after taking into account any actions taken by the Company contemporaneously with such amendment or termination) cause the Company to violate any U.S. federal securities laws, SEC rule or NYSE rule. 
 
 X. Other Recovery Rights 
 
 The Board intends that this Policy will be applied to the fullest extent of the law. The Committee may require that any employment agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement entered into on or after the Effective Date shall, as a condition to the grant of any benefit thereunder, require a Covered Executive to agree to abide by the terms of this Policy. Any right of recovery under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recovery that may be available to the Company under applicable law, regulation or rule or pursuant to the terms of any similar policy, whether 

or not included in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement, and any other legal remedies or rights available to the Company. 

XI. Successors 
 
 This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. 

</EX-97>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 emr-20230930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 emr-20230930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 emr-20230930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 emr-20230930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 emr-20230930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

