<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231129_10-K_edgar_data_1490906_0001490906-23-000028.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18516010</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>334149</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2347672</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9098778</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3092147</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3126893</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001490906-23-000028.hdr.sgml : 20231129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231129142945
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001490906-23-000028
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		111
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Capitol Federal Financial, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001490906
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34814
		FILM NUMBER:		231451119

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 S KANSAS AVENUE
		CITY:			TOPEKA
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			66603
		BUSINESS PHONE:		785-235-1341

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 S KANSAS AVENUE
		CITY:			TOPEKA
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			66603

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Capitol Federal Financial Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100503

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001490906-23-000028.txt : 20231129

10-K
 1
 cffn-20230930.htm
 CFFN FISCAL YEAR 2023 FORM 10-K

cffn-20230930 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __ to __ 
 Commission file number: 
 
 Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: 
 ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the average of the closing bid and asked price of such stock on the NASDAQ Stock Market as of March 31, 2023, was million. 
 As of November 22, 2023, there were issued and outstanding shares of the Registrant's common stock. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Page No. PART I Item 1. Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 9 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 15 
 Item 2. Properties 
 15 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 15 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 15 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 16 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 17 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 18 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 49 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 55 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 103 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 103 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 103 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 104 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 104 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 104 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 104 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 105 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 105 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 105 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 105 
 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 106 
 SIGNATURES 
 108 

Private Securities Litigation Reform Act-Safe Harbor Statement 
 
 Capitol Federal Financial, Inc. (the "Company"), and Capitol Federal Savings Bank ("Capitol Federal Savings" or the "Bank"), may from time to time make written or oral "forward-looking statements," including statements contained in documents filed or furnished by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). These forward-looking statements may be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the exhibits attached to it, in the Company's reports to stockholders, in the Company's press releases, and in other communications by the Company, which are made in good faith pursuant to the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
 
 These forward-looking statements include statements about our beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations, estimates and intentions, which are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, and are subject to change based on various factors, some of which are beyond our control. The words "may," "could," "should," "would," "believe," "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "plan" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The following factors, among others, could cause our future results to differ materially from the beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations, estimates and intentions expressed in the forward-looking statements: 
 
 our ability to maintain overhead costs at reasonable levels; 
 our ability to originate and purchase a sufficient volume of one- to four-family loans in order to maintain the balance of that portfolio at a level desired by management; 
 our ability to invest funds in wholesale or secondary markets at favorable yields compared to the related funding source; 
 our ability to access cost-effective funding and maintain sufficient liquidity; 
 the expected synergies and other benefits from our acquisition activities might not be realized to the extent anticipated, within the anticipated time frames, or at all; 
 our ability to extend our commercial banking and trust asset management expertise across our market areas; 
 fluctuations in deposit flows; 
 the future earnings and capital levels of the Bank and the continued non-objection by our primary federal banking regulators, to the extent required, to distribute capital from the Bank to the Company, which could affect the ability of the Company to pay dividends in accordance with its dividend policy; 
 the strength of the U.S. economy in general and the strength and/or the availability of labor in the local economies in which we conduct operations, including areas where we have purchased large amounts of correspondent loans, originated commercial loans, and entered into commercial loan participations; 
 changes in real estate values, unemployment levels, general economic trends, and the level and direction of loan delinquencies and charge-offs may require changes in the estimates of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses ("ACL"), which may adversely affect our business; 
 increases in classified and/or non-performing assets, which may require the Bank to increase the ACL, charge-off loans and incur elevated collection and carrying costs related to such non-performing assets; 
 results of examinations of the Bank and the Company by their respective primary federal banking regulators, including the possibility that the regulators may, among other things, require us to increase our ACL; 
 changes in accounting principles, policies, or guidelines; 
 the effects of, and changes in, monetary and interest rate policies of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System ("FRB"); 
 the effects of, and changes in, trade and fiscal policies and laws of the United States government; 
 the effects of, and changes in, foreign and military policies of the United States government; 
 inflation, interest rate, market, monetary, and currency fluctuations and the effects of a potential economic recession or slower economic growth; 
 the impact of bank failures or adverse developments at other banks and related negative press about the banking industry in general on investor or depositor sentiment; 
 the timely development and acceptance of new products and services and the perceived overall value of these products and services by users, including the features, pricing, and quality compared to competitors' products and services; 
 the willingness of users to substitute competitors' products and services for our products and services; 
 our success in gaining regulatory approval of our products and services and branching locations, when required; 
 the impact of interpretations of, and changes in, financial services laws and regulations, including laws concerning taxes, banking, securities, consumer protection, trust and insurance and the impact of other governmental initiatives affecting the financial services industry; 
 the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; 
 1 

implementing business initiatives may be more difficult or expensive than anticipated; 
 significant litigation; 
 technological changes; 
 our ability to maintain the security of our financial, accounting, technology, and other operating systems and facilities, including the ability to withstand cyberattacks; 
 changes in consumer spending, borrowing and saving habits; and 
 our success at managing the risks involved in our business. 
 
 This list of factors is not all inclusive. See "Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors" for a discussion of risks and uncertainties related to our business that could adversely impact our operations and/or financial results. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of the Company or the Bank. 
 
 PART I 
 As used in this Form 10-K, unless we specify or the context indicates otherwise, "the Company," "we," "us," and "our" refer to Capitol Federal Financial, Inc. a Maryland corporation, and its subsidiaries. "Capitol Federal Savings," and "the Bank," refer to Capitol Federal Savings Bank, a federal savings bank and the wholly-owned subsidiary of Capitol Federal Financial, Inc. 

Item 1. Business 

General 
 
 The Company is a Maryland corporation with its common stock traded on the Global Select tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market. The Bank is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and is a federally chartered and insured savings bank headquartered in Topeka, Kansas. We have been, and intend to continue to be, a community-oriented financial institution offering a variety of financial services to meet the needs of the communities we serve. We attract deposits primarily from the general public and from businesses, and invest those funds primarily in permanent loans secured by first mortgages on owner-occupied, one- to four-family residences and in commercial loans, either secured by real estate or for commercial and industrial purposes. We also participate with other lenders in commercial loans, originate consumer loans primarily secured by mortgages on one- to four-family residences, and invest in certain investment securities and mortgage-backed securities ("MBS") using funding from deposits and Federal Home Loan Bank Topeka ("FHLB") borrowings. We offer a variety of deposit accounts having a wide range of interest rates and terms, which generally include savings accounts, money market accounts, interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing checking accounts, and certificates of deposit with terms ranging from 91 days to 120 months. 
 
 The Company's results of operations are primarily dependent on net interest income, which is the difference between the interest earned on loans, securities, and cash, and the interest paid on deposits and borrowings. On a weekly basis, management reviews deposit flows, loan demand, cash levels, and changes in several market interest rates to assess all pricing strategies. The Bank's pricing strategy for first mortgage loan products includes setting interest rates based on secondary market prices and competitor pricing for our local lending markets, and secondary market prices and competitor pricing for our correspondent lending markets. Pricing for commercial loans is generally based on competitor pricing and the credit risk of the borrower with consideration given to the overall relationship of the borrower. Generally, deposit pricing is based upon a survey of competitors in the Bank's market areas, and the need to attract funding and retain maturing deposits. 
 
 The Company is significantly affected by prevailing economic conditions, including federal monetary and fiscal policies and federal regulation of financial institutions. Deposit balances are influenced by a number of factors, including interest rates paid on competing investment products, the level of personal income, and the personal rate of savings within our market areas. Lending activities are influenced by the demand for housing and business activity levels, our loan underwriting guidelines compared to those of our competitors, as well as the interest rate environment and interest rate pricing competition from other lending institutions. 
 2 

Management Strategy 
 
 We seek to provide qualified borrowers the broadest possible access to home ownership through our mortgage lending programs and to offer a complete set of personal and commercial banking products and services to our customers. We strive to enhance stockholder value while maintaining a strong capital position. To achieve these goals, we focus on the following strategies: 
 
 Lending. We are one of the leading originators of one- to four-family loans in the state of Kansas. We originate these loans primarily for our own portfolio, and we service the loans we originate. Historically, we have purchased one- to four-family loans from correspondent lenders but recently have reduced that activity for balance sheet management purposes. We offer several commercial lending options and participate in commercial loans with other lenders, both locally and outside our market areas. We offer both fixed- and adjustable-rate products with various terms to maturity and pricing options. We maintain strong relationships with local real estate agents to attract loan business. We rely on our marketing efforts and customer service reputation to attract business from walk-in customers, customers that apply online, and existing customers. Our business development efforts help to bring new business relationships to the Bank. 
 Deposit Services. We offer a wide array of retail and business deposit products and services. These products include checking, savings, money market, certificates of deposit, and retirement accounts. Our deposit services are provided through our network of traditional branches and retail in-store locations, our call center which operates on extended hours, mobile banking, telephone banking, and online banking and bill payment services. 
 Cost Control. We generally are very effective at controlling our costs of operations. We centralize our loan servicing and deposit support functions for efficient processing. We serve a broad range of customers through relatively few branch locations. Our average deposit base per traditional branch at September 30, 2023 was approximately 123.0 million. This large average deposit base per branch helps to control costs. Our one- to four-family lending strategy and our effective management of credit risk allows us to service a large portfolio of loans at efficient levels because it costs less to service a portfolio of performing loans. We recognize it is more expensive to offer a full suite of commercial products and services, but we will continue our efforts to control those costs. The Bank continues to invest in its infrastructure, which can increase costs. 
 Asset Quality. We utilize underwriting standards for all of our lending products, including the loans we purchase and participate in, that are designed to limit our exposure to credit risk. We require complete documentation for both originated and purchased loans, and make credit decisions based on our assessment of the borrower's ability to repay the loan in accordance with its terms. Additionally, we monitor the asset quality of existing loans and strive to work proactively with customers who face challenging financial conditions. 
 Capital Position. Our policy has always been to protect the safety and soundness of the Bank through credit and operational risk management, balance sheet strength, and sound operations. The end result of these activities has been capital ratios that meet or exceed the well-capitalized standards set by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the "OCC"). We believe that maintaining a strong capital position safeguards the long-term interests of the Bank, the Company, and our stockholders. 
 Stockholder Value. We strive to provide stockholder value while maintaining a strong capital position. We continue to generate returns to stockholders through dividend payments. Total dividends declared and paid during fiscal year 2023 were 83.2 million. The Company's cash dividend payout policy is reviewed quarterly by management and the Board of Directors, and the ability to pay dividends under the policy depends upon a number of factors, including the Company's financial condition and results of operations, regulatory capital requirements, regulatory limitations on the Bank's ability to make capital distributions to the Company, and the amount of cash at the holding company level. For fiscal year 2024, it is the current intention of the Board of Directors to pay out the regular quarterly cash dividend of 0.085 per share. 
 Interest Rate Risk Management. Changes in interest rates are our primary market risk as our balance sheet is almost entirely comprised of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. As such, fluctuations in interest rates have a significant impact not only upon our net income but also upon the cash flows related to those assets and liabilities and the market value of our assets and liabilities. In order to maintain what we believe to be acceptable levels of net interest income in varying interest rate environments, we actively manage our interest rate risk and assume a moderate amount of interest rate risk consistent with board policies. 
 3 

Market Area and Competition 
 
 Our corporate office is located in Topeka, Kansas. We currently have a network of 51 branches (46 traditional branches and five in-store branches) located in nine counties throughout Kansas and three counties in Missouri. We primarily serve the metropolitan areas of Topeka, Wichita, Lawrence, Manhattan, Emporia, and Salina, Kansas and a portion of the metropolitan area of greater Kansas City. 
 
 The Bank ranked second in deposit market share, at 6.2 , in the state of Kansas as reported in the June 30, 2023 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") "Summary of Deposits - Market Share Report." Management considers our well-established banking network together with our reputation for financial strength and customer service to be major factors in our success at attracting and retaining customers in our market areas. 
 
 The Bank consistently has been one of the top one- to four-family lenders with regard to mortgage loan origination volume in the state of Kansas. This has been achieved through strong relationships with real estate agents and our other marketing efforts, which are based on our reputation and competitive pricing. Competition in originating one- to four-family loans primarily comes from other savings institutions, commercial banks, credit unions, mortgage brokers, and mortgage bankers. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 Our website address is www.capfed.com. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports can be obtained free of charge from our website. These reports are available on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. These reports are also available on the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov. 

Regulation and Supervision 
 
 The Bank is examined and regulated by the OCC, its primary regulator, and its deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the Deposit Insurance Fund ("DIF"), which is administered by the FDIC. The Company, as a savings and loan holding company, is examined and regulated by the FRB. 
 
 Set forth below is a description of certain laws and regulations that are applicable to Capitol Federal Financial, Inc. and the Bank. This description is intended as a brief summary of selected features of such laws and regulations and is qualified in its entirety by references to the laws and regulations applicable to the Company and the Bank. 
 
 General. The Bank, as a federally chartered savings bank, is subject to regulation and oversight by the OCC extending to all aspects of its operations. This regulation of the Bank is intended for the protection of depositors and other customers and not for the purpose of protecting the Company's stockholders. The investment and lending authority of the Bank is prescribed by federal laws and regulations and the Bank is prohibited from engaging in any activities not permitted by such laws and regulations. The Bank and Company are required to maintain minimum levels of regulatory capital and the Bank is subject to limitations on making capital distributions to the Company. 
 
 The Company is a unitary savings and loan holding company within the meaning of the Home Owners' Loan Act ("HOLA"). As such, the Company is registered with the FRB and subject to the FRB regulations, examinations, supervision, and reporting requirements. In addition, the FRB has enforcement authority over the Company. Among other things, this authority permits the FRB to restrict or prohibit activities that are determined to be a serious risk to the Bank. 
 
 The OCC and FRB enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess civil monetary penalties, to issue cease-and-desist or removal orders, and to initiate injunctive actions. In general, these enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. Other actions or inactions may provide the basis for enforcement action, including misleading or untimely filed reports. Except under certain circumstances, public disclosure of final enforcement actions by the OCC or the FRB is required by law. 
 
 As a federally chartered savings bank, the Bank is required to maintain a significant portion of its assets in residential housing-related loans and investments. An institution that fails to do so is immediately subject to restrictions on its operations, including a prohibition against capital distributions, except with the prior approval of both the OCC and the FRB. 
 4 

Failure to meet this qualification is a statutory violation subject to enforcement action. As of September 30, 2023, the Bank met the qualification. 
 
 The Bank's relationship with its depositors and borrowers is regulated to a great extent by federal laws and regulations, especially in such matters as the ownership of savings accounts and the form and content of mortgage requirements. In addition, the branching authority of the Bank is regulated by the OCC. The Bank is generally authorized to branch nationwide. 
 
 The Bank is subject to a statutory lending limit on aggregate loans to one person or a group of related persons. The general limit is 15 of our unimpaired capital and surplus, plus an additional 10 for loans fully secured by readily marketable collateral. At September 30, 2023, the Bank's lending limit under this restriction was 139.8 million. The Bank has no loans or loan relationships in excess of its lending limit. Total loan commitments and loans outstanding to the Bank's largest borrowing relationship was 76.2 million at September 30, 2023, all of which was current according to its terms. 
 
 The OCC has adopted guidelines establishing safety and soundness standards on such matters as loan underwriting and documentation, asset quality, earnings standards, internal controls and audit systems, interest rate risk exposure, and compensation and other employee benefits. The Bank is subject to periodic examinations by the OCC regarding these and related matters. During these examinations, the examiners may require the Bank to increase its ACL, change the classification of loans, and/or recognize additional charge-offs based on their judgments, which can impact our capital and earnings. 
 
 Regulatory Capital Requirements. The Bank and the Company are required to maintain specified levels of regulatory capital under regulations of the OCC and FRB, respectively. See "Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 13. Regulatory Capital Requirements" for additional regulatory capital information. At September 30, 2023, the Bank was considered well capitalized under OCC regulations. 
 
 The OCC has the ability to establish individual minimum capital requirements for a particular institution which vary from the capital levels that would otherwise be required under the applicable capital regulations based on such factors as concentrations of credit risk, levels of interest rate risk, the risks of non-traditional activities, and other circumstances. The OCC has not imposed any such requirements on the Bank. 
 
 The OCC is authorized and, under certain circumstances, required to take certain actions against federal savings banks that are not adequately capitalized because they fail to meet the minimum requirements associated with their elected capital framework. Any such institution must submit a capital restoration plan for OCC approval and may be restricted in, among other things, increasing its assets, acquiring another institution, establishing a branch or engaging in any new activities, and may not make capital distributions. As of September 30, 2023, the Bank and the Company met all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject. 
 
 Limitations on Dividends and Other Capital Distributions. OCC regulations impose restrictions on savings institutions with respect to their ability to make distributions of capital, which include dividends, stock redemptions or repurchases, cash-out mergers and other transactions charged to the capital account. Under FRB and OCC safe harbor regulations, savings institutions generally may make capital distributions during any calendar year equal to earnings of the previous two calendar years and current year-to-date earnings (to the extent not previously distributed). A savings institution that is a subsidiary of a savings and loan holding company, such as the Company, that proposes to make a capital distribution must submit written notice to the OCC and FRB 30 days prior to such distribution. The OCC and FRB may object to the distribution during that 30-day period based on safety and soundness or other concerns. Savings institutions that desire to make a larger capital distribution, are under special restrictions, or are not, or would not be, sufficiently capitalized following a proposed capital distribution must obtain regulatory non-objection prior to making such a distribution. 
 
 The long-term ability of the Company to pay dividends to its stockholders is based primarily upon the ability of the Bank to make capital distributions to the Company. So long as the Bank remains well capitalized after each capital distribution, and operates in a safe and sound manner, it is management's belief that the OCC and FRB will continue to allow the Bank to distribute its earnings to the Company, although no assurance can be given in this regard. 
 5 

Insurance of Accounts and Regulation by the FDIC. The Bank also is subject to regulation and examination by the FDIC, which insures the deposits of the Bank to the maximum extent permitted by law. The DIF of the FDIC insures deposit accounts in the Bank up to applicable limits, with a maximum amount of deposit insurance for banks, savings institutions, and credit unions of 250 thousand per separately insured deposit ownership right or category. 
 
 The FDIC assesses deposit insurance premiums on all FDIC-insured institutions quarterly based on annualized rates. Under these rules, assessment rates for an institution with total assets of less than 10 billion are determined by weighted average capital adequacy, asset quality, management, earnings, liquidity, and sensitivity (CAMELS) composite ratings and certain financial ratios, and range from 1.5 to 30.0 basis points, subject to certain adjustments. Assessment rates for an institution with 10 billion or more in total assets are assigned an individual rate based on a scorecard that measures the institution's composite rating, ability to withstand asset-related and funding-related stress and the magnitude of potential losses to the FDIC in the event of failure. In October 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule that increased the initial base deposit assessment rate schedule uniformly by two basis points, beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. While the Bank exceeded 10 billion in total assets at September 30, 2023, an institution is not considered a large institution under the FDIC assessment regulations until the institution exceeds 10 billion in total assets for four consecutive quarters. The Bank's total assets were in excess of 10 billion at March 31, 2023, June 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023, but total assets are anticipated to be below 10 billion at December 31, 2023. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, the Bank paid 4.5 million in FDIC premiums. Assessment rates are applied to an institution's assessment base, which is its average consolidated total assets minus its average tangible equity during the assessment period. 
 
 The FDIC has authority to further increase insurance assessments in the future, and any significant increases would have an adverse effect on the operating expenses and results of operations of the Company. Management cannot predict what assessment rates will be in the future. In a banking industry emergency, the FDIC may also impose a special assessment. 
 
 Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that an institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC. We do not currently know of any practice, condition, or violation that may lead to termination of our deposit insurance. 
 
 Community Reinvestment and Consumer Protection Laws. In connection with its lending activities, the Bank is subject to a number of federal laws designed to protect borrowers and promote lending to various sectors of the economy and population. These include the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Truth-in-Lending Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 ("SAFE Act"), and the Community Reinvestment Act ("CRA"). In addition, federal banking regulators have enacted regulations limiting the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose nonpublic consumer information to non-affiliated third parties. The regulations require disclosure of privacy policies and allow consumers to prevent certain personal information from being shared with non-affiliated third parties. With respect to federal consumer protection laws, regulations are generally promulgated by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ("CFPB"), but the OCC examines the Bank for compliance with such laws. 
 
 The CRA requires the appropriate federal banking agency, in connection with its examination of an FDIC-insured institution, to assess its record in meeting the credit needs of the communities served by the institution, including low and moderate income neighborhoods. The federal banking regulators take into account the institution's record of performance under the CRA when considering applications for mergers, acquisitions, and branches. Under the CRA, institutions are assigned a rating of outstanding, satisfactory, needs to improve, or substantial non-compliance. The Bank received a satisfactory rating in its most recently completed CRA evaluation. 
 
 On October 24, 2023, the federal banking agencies, including the OCC, issued a final rule designed to strengthen and modernize the regulations implementing the CRA. The changes are designed to encourage banks to expand access to credit, investment and banking services in low- and moderate-income communities, adapt to changes in the banking industry, including mobile and internet banking, provide greater clarity and consistency in the application of the CRA regulations and tailor CRA evaluations and data collection to bank size and type. 
 
 Bank Secrecy Act /Anti-Money Laundering Laws. The Bank is subject to the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering laws, including the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 and regulations thereunder. These laws and regulations require 
 6 

the Bank to implement policies, procedures, and controls to detect, prevent, and report money laundering and terrorist financing and to verify the identity and source of deposits and wealth of its customers. Violations of these laws and regulations can result in substantial civil and criminal sanctions. In addition, provisions of the USA PATRIOT Act require the federal financial institution regulatory agencies to consider the effectiveness of a financial institution's anti-money laundering activities when reviewing mergers and acquisitions. 
 
 Federal Reserve System. The FRB requires all depository institutions to maintain reserves at specified levels against their transaction accounts, primarily checking accounts. In response to the Coronavirus Disease 2019 ("COVID-19") pandemic, the FRB reduced reserve requirement ratios to zero percent effective on March 26, 2020, to support lending to households and businesses. At September 30, 2023, the reserve requirement of zero percent was still in place. 
 
 The Bank is authorized to borrow from the Federal Reserve Bank "discount window." An eligible institution need not exhaust other sources of funds before going to the discount window, nor are there restrictions on the purposes for which the institution can use primary credit. At September 30, 2023, the Bank had no outstanding borrowings from the discount window. 
 In March 2023, the FRB created a Bank Term Funding Program ("BTFP") to make additional funding available to eligible depository institutions. The BTFP offers loans up to one year in length that can be prepaid without penalty. The amount that can be borrowed under the BTFP is based upon the par value of the securities pledged as collateral to the FRB. Advances can be requested under the BTFP until at least March 11, 2024. At September 30, 2023, the Bank had 500.0 million of BTFP borrowings. In October 2023, the Bank paid off the 500.0 million of BTFP borrowings. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank System. The Bank is a member of one of 11 regional Federal Home Loan Banks, each of which serves as a reserve, or central bank, for its members within its assigned region and is funded primarily from proceeds derived from the sale of consolidated obligations of the Federal Home Loan Bank System. The Federal Home Loan Banks make loans, called advances, to members and provide access to a line of credit in accordance with policies and procedures established by the Board of Directors of FHLB, which are subject to the oversight of the Federal Housing Finance Agency. At September 30, 2023, the Bank had 2.38 billion of FHLB advances, at par. See "Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Financial Statements Note 8. Deposits and Borrowed Funds" for additional information regarding FHLB advances. 
 
 As a member, the Bank is required to purchase and maintain capital stock in FHLB. The minimum required FHLB stock amount is generally 4.5 of the Bank's FHLB advances and outstanding balance against the FHLB line of credit, and 2 of the outstanding principal balance of loans sold into the Mortgage Partnership Finance Program. At September 30, 2023, the Bank had a balance of 110.7 million in FHLB stock, which was in compliance with the FHLB's stock requirement. In past years, the Bank has received dividends on its FHLB stock, although no assurance can be given that these dividends will continue. See "Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Financial Statements Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" for additional information regarding FHLB stock. 
 
 Federal Savings and Loan Holding Company Regulation. The HOLA prohibits a savings and loan holding company (directly or indirectly, or through one or more subsidiaries) from acquiring another savings association, or holding company thereof, without prior written approval from the FRB; acquiring or retaining, with certain exceptions, more than 5 of a non-subsidiary savings association, a non-subsidiary holding company, or a non-subsidiary company engaged in activities other than those permitted by the HOLA; or acquiring or retaining control of a depository institution that is not federally insured. In evaluating applications by savings and loan holding companies to acquire savings associations, the FRB must consider the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the company and institution involved, the effect of the acquisition on the risk to the insurance funds, the convenience and needs of the community, competitive factors, and other factors. 
 
 The FRB has long set forth in its regulations its "source of strength" policy, which requires bank holding companies to act as a source of strength to their subsidiary depository institutions by providing capital, liquidity and other support in times of financial stress. This policy now also applies to savings and loan holding companies. 
 
 Transactions with Affiliates. Transactions between the Bank and its affiliates are required to be on terms as favorable to the institution as transactions with non-affiliates, and certain of these transactions are restricted to a percentage of the Bank's 
 7 

capital, and, in the case of loans, require eligible collateral in specified amounts. In addition, the Bank may not lend to any affiliate engaged in activities not permissible for a bank holding company or purchase or invest in the securities of affiliates. 

Taxation 
 
 Federal Taxation. The Company and the Bank are subject to federal income taxation in the same general manner as other corporations. The Company files a consolidated federal income tax return. The Company has not received notification from the IRS of any potential tax liability for any years still subject to audit. For federal income tax purposes, the Bank currently reports its income and expenses on the accrual method of accounting and uses a fiscal year ending on September 30 for filing its federal income tax return. Changes to the corporate federal income tax rate would result in changes to the Company's effective income tax rate and would require the Company to remeasure its deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the tax rate in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. 
 
 State Taxation. The earnings/losses of Capitol Federal Financial, Inc., Capitol Funds, Inc. and Capital City Investments, Inc. are combined for purposes of filing a consolidated Kansas corporate tax return. The Kansas corporate tax rate is 4.0 , plus a surcharge of 3.0 on earnings greater than 50 thousand. 
 
 The Bank files a Kansas privilege tax return. For Kansas privilege tax purposes, the minimum tax rate is 4.5 of earnings, which is calculated based on federal taxable income, subject to certain adjustments. The Bank has not received notification from the state of any potential tax liability for any years still subject to audit. 
 
 Additionally, the Bank files state tax returns in various other states where it has significant purchased loans and/or foreclosure activities. In these states, the Bank has either established nexus under an economic nexus theory or has exceeded enumerated nexus thresholds based on the amount of interest derived from sources within the state. 

Employees and Human Capital Resources 
 
 At September 30, 2023, we had a total of 649 employees, including 57 part-time employees. The full-time equivalent of our total employees at September 30, 2023 was 632, a decrease from 707 at September 30, 2022. The decrease was largely attributable to the Bank's improved ability to provide a comprehensive digital experience as a result of its implementation of a new core processing system ("the digital transformation"). A large majority of our customers became comfortable carrying out daily transactions through the adoption of our technology efforts, resulting in decreased walk-in traffic and management's ability to more efficiently staff our branches. Our new staffing model includes officer-level decision makers at each of our locations, as well as narrowly focused efforts to hire and develop a more universal employee who can not only execute basic teller transactions, but also participate in consumer loan activity. The overall decrease in headcount was not achieved through layoffs, but rather management's decision to not backfill non-essential employees through natural attrition. We believe the new staffing model comprised of decision makers and well-rounded employees will add an elevated customer experience for those who still choose to bank with us in-person. 
 
 Our employees are not represented by any collective bargaining group. Management considers its employee relations to be good. We believe our ability to attract and retain employees is a key to our success. Accordingly, we strive to offer competitive salaries and employee benefits to all employees and monitor salaries in our market areas. Physical well-being is supported by the Company's health, dental, vision, life and various other insurances, and a wellness program that incentivizes employees to live a healthy and balanced lifestyle. Volunteer opportunities are provided and encouraged for all employees. Capitol Federal employees recorded over 3,628 hours in volunteer time for local organizations and charities during fiscal year 2023. 
 
 Our Company respects, values and encourages diversity in our employees and customers. We seek to recognize and develop the unique contributions each individual brings to our Company, and we are fully committed to maintaining a culture of diversity as a pillar of our values and our success. These efforts are supported by our Board of Directors. Since 1977, at least one woman has served as a director of the Bank and, since its inception in 1999, at least one woman has served on the Board of Directors of the Company. In addition, since 2012, at least one underrepresented minority has served as a director of the Company and the Bank. The Board of Directors annually reviews the Company's diversity recruitment efforts and employment statistics. 
 
 8 

To assist in expanding diversity, the Company recruits employees through sources and organizations targeted at diverse communities. The Company also provides multiple opportunities for professional development and growth, including continuing education when applicable and specialty education within banking. Leadership development is supported through our Leadership Forum services, on a biannual basis, for mid-level leaders within the organization. Education for this program is currently provided by Banktastic. Annual employee educational requirements include targeted diversity, equity and inclusion training for all managers. All employees receive annual training on providing fair service, which is targeted at addressing implicit bias in providing customer service. 
 
 The Company actively participates in initiatives to promote diversity and inclusion, both internally and externally. Our employees, together with the Capitol Federal Foundation, contribute to programs that promote educational opportunities in all communities as well as housing in low-and-moderate income communities, including scholarships specifically for diverse candidates. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There are risks inherent in the Bank's and Company's business. The following is a summary of material risks and uncertainties relating to the operations of the Bank and the Company. Adverse experiences with these could have a material impact on the Company's financial condition and results of operations. Some of these risks and uncertainties are interrelated, and the occurrence of one or more of them may exacerbate the effect of others. These material risks and uncertainties are not necessarily presented in order of significance. In addition to the risks set forth below and the other risks described in this Annual Report, there may be risks and uncertainties that are not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. 
 
 Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions 
 
 Changes in interest rates could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our results of operations are primarily dependent on net interest income, which is the difference between the interest earned on loans, securities, cash at the Federal Reserve Bank and dividends received on FHLB stock, and the interest paid on deposits and borrowings. Changes in interest rates could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition because the majority of our interest-earning assets are long-term, fixed-rate loans, while the majority of our interest-bearing liabilities are shorter term, and therefore subject to a greater degree of interest rate fluctuations. This type of risk is known as interest rate risk and is affected by prevailing economic and competitive conditions that are beyond the Company's control, including general economic conditions, inflationary trends and/or monetary policies of the FRB and fiscal policies of the United States federal government. 
 
 The impact of changes in interest rates is generally observed on the income statement. The magnitude of the impact will be determined by the difference between the amount of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, both of which either reprice or mature within a given period of time. This difference provides an indication of the extent to which our net interest rate spread will be impacted by changes in interest rates. In addition, changes in interest rates will impact the expected level of repricing of the Bank's mortgage-related assets and callable debt securities. Generally, as interest rates decline, the amount of interest-earning assets expected to reprice will increase as borrowers have an economic incentive to reduce the cost of their mortgage or debt, which would negatively impact the Bank's interest income. Conversely, as interest rates rise, the amount of interest-earning assets expected to reprice will decline as the economic incentive to refinance the mortgage or debt is diminished. As this occurs, the amount of interest-earning assets repricing could diminish to the point where interest-bearing liabilities reprice to a higher interest rate at a faster pace than interest-earning assets, thus negatively impacting the Bank's net interest income. For additional information about the interest-rate risk we face, see "Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk." 
 
 Changes in interest rates can also have an adverse effect on our financial condition as available-for-sale ("AFS") securities are reported at estimated fair value. Stockholders' equity, specifically accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ("AOCI"), is increased or decreased by the amount of change in the estimated fair value of our AFS securities, net of deferred income taxes. Increases in interest rates generally decrease the fair value of AFS securities, which adversely impacts stockholders' equity. For additional information, see "Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Strategic Securities Transaction," "Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Stockholders' Equity" and "Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements 
 9 

and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 15. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income." 
 
 Changes in interest rates, as they relate to customers, can also have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. In times of rising interest rates, default risk may increase among borrowers with adjustable-rate loans as the rates on their loans adjust upward and their payments increase. Fluctuations in interest rates also affect customer demand for loan and deposit products. Competition from other financial institutions and/or brokerage firms could affect our ability to attract and retain deposits and could result in us paying more for deposits. 
 
 In addition to general changes in interest rates, changes that affect the shape of the yield curve could negatively impact the Bank. The Bank's interest-bearing liabilities are generally priced based on short-term interest rates while the majority of the Bank's interest-earning assets are priced based on long-term interest rates. Income for the Bank is primarily driven by the spread between these rates. As a result, a steeper yield curve, meaning long-term interest rates are significantly higher than short-term interest rates, would provide the Bank with a better opportunity to increase net interest income. When the yield curve is flat, meaning long-term interest rates and short-term interest rates are essentially the same, or when the yield curve is inverted, meaning long-term interest rates are lower than short-term interest rates, the yield between interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities that reprice is compressed or diminished and would likely negatively impact the Bank's net interest income. See "Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" for additional information about the Bank's interest rate risk management. 
 
 An economic downturn, especially one affecting our geographic market areas and certain regions of the country where we have correspondent loans secured by one- to four-family properties or commercial real estate participation loans, could have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. 
 Our primary lending emphasis is the origination of one- to four-family first mortgage loans secured by residential properties. We have also purchased one- to four-family first mortgage loans, secured by properties that are typically outside our local market areas, from correspondent lenders. As we have grown our commercial real estate lending portfolio, we have continued to maintain relationships not only in our local markets but in geographically diverse markets. As a result, we are particularly exposed to downturns in regional housing and commercial real estate markets and, to a lesser extent, the U.S. housing and commercial real estate markets, along with changes in the levels of unemployment or underemployment. We monitor the current status and trends of local and national employment levels and trends and current conditions in the real estate and housing markets, as well as commercial real estate markets, in our local market areas and certain areas where we have correspondent loans and commercial real estate participation loans. Decreases in local real estate values could adversely affect the value of the property used as collateral for our loans, which could cause us to realize a loss in the event of a foreclosure. Adverse conditions in our local economies and in certain areas where we have correspondent loans and commercial real estate participation loans, such as inflation, unemployment, supply chain disruptions, recession, natural disasters or pandemics, or other factors beyond our control, could impact the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans. Any one or a combination of these events may have an adverse impact on borrowers' ability to repay their loans, which could result in increased delinquencies, non-performing assets, loan losses, and future loan loss provisions. 
 
 Risks Related to Lending Activities 
 
 The increase in commercial loans in our loan portfolio exposes us to increased lending and credit risks, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 A growing portion of our loan portfolio consists of commercial loans. These loan types tend to be larger than and in different geographic regions from most of our existing loan portfolio and are generally considered to have different and greater risks than one- to four-family residential real estate loans and may involve multiple loans to groups of related borrowers. A growing commercial loan portfolio also subjects us to greater regulatory scrutiny. Furthermore, these loan types can expose us to a greater risk of delinquencies, non-performing assets, loan losses, and future loan loss provisions than one- to four-family residential real estate loans because repayment of such loans often depends on the successful operation of a business or of the underlying property. Repayment of such loans may be affected by factors outside the borrower's control, such as adverse conditions in the real estate market, the economy, environmental factors, natural disasters or pandemics, and/or changes in government regulation. Also, there are risks inherent in commercial real estate construction lending as the value of the project is uncertain prior to the completion of construction and subsequent lease-up. A sudden downturn in the economy, labor and/or supply chain issues, or other unforeseen events could result in stalled projects or collateral shortfalls, thus exposing us to increased credit risk. 
 10 

Commercial and industrial loans are primarily made based on the identified cash flow of the borrower and secondarily on the collateral underlying the loans. The borrowers' cash flow may prove to be unpredictable, and collateral securing these loans may fluctuate in value. Most often, this collateral consists of accounts receivable, inventory and equipment. Significant adverse changes in a borrower's industries and businesses could cause rapid declines in values of, and collectability associated with, those business assets, which could result in inadequate collateral coverage for our commercial and industrial loans and expose us to future losses. In the case of loans secured by accounts receivable, the availability of funds for the repayment of these loans may be substantially dependent on the ability of the borrower to collect amounts due from its clients. Inventory and equipment may depreciate over time, may be difficult to appraise, may be illiquid and may fluctuate in value based on the success of the business. If the cash flow from business operations is reduced, the borrower's ability to repay the loan may be impaired. An increase in valuation allowances and charge-offs related to our commercial and industrial loan portfolio could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
 
 Risks Related to Cybersecurity, Third Parties, and Technology . 
 
 The occurrence of any information system failure or interruption, breach of security or cyberattack, at the Company, at its third-party service providers or counterparties may have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Information systems are essential to the conduct of our business, as we use such systems to manage our customer relationships, our general ledger, our deposits and our loans. In the normal course of our business, we collect, process, retain and transmit (by email and other electronic means) sensitive and confidential information regarding our customers, employees and others. We also outsource certain aspects of our data processing, data processing operations, remote network monitoring, engineering and managed security services to third-party service providers. In addition to confidential information regarding our customers, employees and others, we, and in some cases a third party, compile, process, transmit and store proprietary, non-public information concerning our business, operations, plans and strategies. 
 
 Information security risks for financial institutions continue to increase in part because of evolving technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies (including mobile devices) to conduct financial and other business transactions and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, perpetrators of fraud, hackers, terrorists and others. Cyber criminals use a variety of tactics, such as ransomware, denial of service, and theft of sensitive business and customer information to extort payment or other concessions from victims. In some cases, these attacks have caused significant impacts on other businesses' access to data and ability to provide services. We are not able to anticipate or implement effective preventive measures against all incidents of these types, especially because the techniques used change frequently and because attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources, including attacks on third-party vendors and their applications and products used by the Bank. 
 
 We use a variety of physical, procedural and technological safeguards to prevent or limit the impact of system failures, interruptions and security breaches and to protect confidential information from mishandling, misuse or loss, including detection and response mechanisms designed to contain and mitigate security incidents. However, there can be no assurance that such events will not occur or that they will be promptly detected and adequately addressed if they do, and early detection of security breaches may be thwarted by sophisticated attacks and malware designed to avoid detection. If there is a failure in or breach of our information systems, or those of a third-party service provider, the confidential and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, such information systems could be jeopardized, or could otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations or the operations of our customers, employees, or others. 
 
 Our business and operations depend on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our information systems and those of our third-party service providers. Although we devote significant resources and management focus to ensuring the integrity of our information systems through information security measures, risk management practices, relationships with threat intelligence providers and business continuity planning, our facilities, computer systems, software and networks, and those of our third-party service providers, may be vulnerable to external or internal security breaches, acts of vandalism, unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses or other malicious code and cyberattacks that could have a security impact. In addition, breaches of security may occur through intentional or unintentional acts by those having authorized or unauthorized access to our confidential or other information or the confidential or other information of our customers, employees or others. While we regularly conduct security and risk 
 11 

assessments on our systems and those of our third-party service providers, there can be no assurance that their information security protocols are sufficient to withstand a cyberattack or other security breach. Across our industry, the cost of minimizing these risks and investigating incidents has continued to increase with the frequency and sophistication of these threats. 
 
 During June 2023, a third-party service provider (the "Service Provider") to the Bank advised the Bank that files with personally identifiable information related to Bank customers had been compromised during a security incident experienced by the Service Provider (the "Incident"). The Bank used the Service Provider to process transactions. The Incident resulted from a zero-day vulnerability in a managed file sharing software called MOVEit. MOVEit is used by thousands of organizations around the world for securely transferring sensitive and confidential information and other data. The vulnerability was exploited in a large-scale, cyber campaign that impacted government agencies, universities, and corporations around the world. As a result of the Incident, an unauthorized party was able to obtain access to certain Bank customers' data in the Service Provider's possession that contained social security numbers, account numbers, and other personally identifiable information. The Bank confirmed the Service Provider has fixed the vulnerability noted above and the Bank has implemented additional security procedures when sharing files with the Service Provider. When the Bank received notice of the Incident from the Service Provider, the Bank promptly enacted response protocols. The Service Provider has provided appropriate notifications to potentially affected customers. The Bank worked with the Service Provider to identify any others potentially impacted by the Incident. The Bank is not aware of any other third-party incidents related to the MOVEit vulnerability that has affected personally identifiable information associated with Bank customers. 
 
 The occurrence of any of the foregoing could subject us to litigation or regulatory scrutiny, cause us significant reputational damage or erode confidence in the security of our information systems, products and services, cause us to lose customers or have greater difficulty in attracting new customers, have an adverse effect on the value of our common stock or subject us to financial losses that may not be covered by insurance, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As information security risks and cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to further enhance or modify our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities or other exposures arising from operational and security risks. 
 
 Furthermore, there continues to be heightened legislative and regulatory focus on privacy, data protection and information security. New or revised laws and regulations may significantly impact our current and planned privacy, data protection and information security-related practices, the collection, use, sharing, retention and safeguarding of consumer and employee information, and current or planned business activities. Compliance with current or future privacy, data protection and information security laws could result in higher compliance and technology costs and could restrict our ability to provide certain products and services, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our customers are also targets of cyberattacks and identity theft. There continues to be instances involving financial services and consumer-based companies reporting the unauthorized disclosure of client or customer information or the destruction or theft of corporate data. Large scale identity theft could result in customers' accounts being compromised and fraudulent activities being performed in their names. We have implemented certain safeguards against these types of activities, but they may not fully protect us from financial losses. The occurrence of a security breach involving our customers' information, regardless of its origin, could damage our reputation and result in a loss of customers and business, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, and expose us to litigation and possible financial liability. Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Third-party vendors subject the Company to potential business, reputation and financial risks. 
 Third-party vendors are sources of operational and information security risk to the Company, including risks associated with operations errors, information system interruptions or breaches, and unauthorized disclosures of sensitive or confidential customer information. The Company requires third-party vendors to maintain certain levels of information security; however, vendors may remain vulnerable to breaches, unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses, and/or other malicious attacks that could ultimately compromise sensitive information. We have developed procedures and processes for selecting and monitoring third-party vendors, but ultimately are dependent on these third-party vendors to secure their information. If these vendors encounter any of these types of issues, or if we have difficulty communicating with them, we could be exposed to disruption of operations, loss of service or connectivity to customers, reputational damage, and litigation risk that could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 12 

The failure of an external vendor to perform in accordance with the contracted arrangements under service level agreements, because of changes in the vendor's organizational structure, financial condition, support for existing products and services or strategic focus or for any other reason, could be disruptive to our operations, which could have an adverse effect on our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, replacing certain third-party vendors could also entail significant delay and expense. 
 
 We are heavily reliant on technology, and a failure to effectively implement technology initiatives or anticipate future technology needs or demands could adversely affect our business or performance. 
 Like most financial institutions, the Bank significantly depends on technology to deliver its products and services and to otherwise conduct business. To remain technologically competitive and operationally efficient, the Bank invests in system upgrades, new technological solutions, and other technology initiatives. Many of these solutions and initiatives have a significant duration, are tied to critical information systems, and require substantial resources. Although the Bank takes steps to mitigate the risks and uncertainties associated with these solutions and initiatives, there is no guarantee that they will be implemented on time, within budget, or without negative operational or customer impact. The Bank also may not succeed in anticipating its future technology needs, the technology demands of its customers, or the competitive landscape for technology. If the Bank were to falter in any of these areas, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In August 2023, the Company implemented a new core processing system ("digital transformation"). While the digital transformation was completed successfully, the Company may face operational risks, such as disruptions in technology systems, which may impact customers. The Company will work to remediate any such disruptions, if they occur, but no assurance can be given that a potential adverse development will be quickly or completely remediated. If an adverse development arising from the digital transformation is not sufficiently remediated or is not remediated in a timely fashion, the Company's reputation could be significantly impacted, which could result in loss of customer business, subject the Company to regulatory scrutiny, or expose the Company to litigation, any of which could have a material impact on the Company's financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Competition 
 
 Strong competition may limit growth and profitability. 
 While we are one of the largest mortgage loan originators in the state of Kansas, we compete in the same market areas as local, regional, and national banks, credit unions, mortgage brokerage firms, investment banking firms, investment brokerage firms, mortgage bankers, and savings institutions. We also compete with online investment and mortgage brokerages and online banks that are not confined to any specific market area. Many of these competitors operate on a national or regional level, are a conglomerate of various financial services providers housed under one corporation, or otherwise have substantially greater financial or technological resources than the Bank. We compete primarily on the basis of the interest rates offered to depositors, the terms of loans offered to borrowers, and the benefits afforded to customers as a local institution and portfolio lender. Should we face competitive pressure to increase deposit rates or decrease loan rates, our net interest income could be adversely affected. Additionally, our competitors may offer products and services that we do not or cannot provide, as certain deposit and loan products fall outside of our accepted level of risk. Our profitability depends upon our ability to compete in our local market areas. 
 
 Risks Related to Regulation 
 
 We operate in a highly regulated environment which limits the manner and scope of our business activities, and we may be adversely affected by new and/or changes in laws and regulations or interpretation of existing laws and regulations. 
 We are subject to extensive regulation, supervision, and examination by the OCC, the FRB, and the FDIC. These regulatory authorities exercise broad discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities, including the ability to impose restrictions on a bank's operations, reclassify assets, determine the adequacy of a bank's ACL, and determine the level of deposit insurance premiums assessed. The CFPB has broad powers to supervise and enforce consumer protection laws, including a wide range of consumer protection laws that apply to all banks and savings institutions, like the authority to prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices. The CFPB also has examination and enforcement authority over all banks with regulatory assets exceeding 10 billion at four consecutive quarter-ends. The Bank exceeded 10 billion in 
 13 

regulatory assets at March 31, 2023, June 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023. The Bank intends to be below 10 billion in regulatory assets at December 31, 2023 so it will not exceed 10 billion in regulatory assets at four consecutive quarter-ends. There are increased direct costs, additional regulatory burdens with indirect costs, and lost revenue, mainly related to interchange fees, associated with the Bank being over 10 billion in regulatory assets at certain points in time and for four consecutive quarter-ends. As long as the Bank does not exceed 10 billion in regulatory assets for four consecutive quarter ends, it will continue to be examined for compliance with consumer protection laws and the regulations of the CFPB by the Bank's primary bank regulator, the OCC. The Dodd-Frank Act also weakens the federal preemption rules that have been applicable for national banks and federal savings associations and gives state attorneys general the ability to enforce federal consumer protection laws. 
 
 Any change in such regulation and oversight, whether in the form of regulatory policy, regulations, legislation, interpretation or application, could have an adverse impact on our operations. Moreover, bank regulatory agencies have been active in responding to concerns and trends identified in examinations and have issued formal enforcement orders requiring capital ratios in excess of regulatory requirements and/or assessing monetary penalties. Bank regulatory agencies, such as the OCC, the FRB and the FDIC, govern the activities in which we may engage, primarily for the protection of depositors' funds, the DIF and the safety and soundness of the banking system as a whole, and not for the protection or benefit of investors. The CFPB enforces consumer protection laws and regulations for the benefit of the consumer and not the protection or benefit of investors. In addition, new laws and regulations, including those related to environmental, social, and governance initiatives, may continue to increase our costs of regulatory compliance and of doing business, and otherwise affect our operations. New laws and regulations may significantly affect the markets in which we do business, the markets for and value of our loans and securities, the products we offer, the fees we can charge and our ongoing operations, costs, and profitability. 
 
 The Company is also directly subject to the requirements of entities that set and interpret accounting standards such as the Financial Accounting Standards Board, and indirectly subject to the actions and interpretations of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, which establishes auditing and related professional practice standards for registered public accounting firms and inspects registered firms to assess their compliance with certain laws, rules, and professional standards in public company audits. These regulations, along with existing tax, accounting, securities, and monetary laws, regulations, rules, standards, policies and interpretations, control the methods by which financial institutions and their holding companies conduct business, engage in strategic and tax planning, implement strategic initiatives, and govern financial reporting. 
 
 The Company's failure to comply with laws, regulations or policies could result in civil or criminal sanctions and money penalties by state and federal agencies, and/or reputational damage, which could have an adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations. See "Part I, Item 1. Business - Regulation and Supervision" for more information about the regulations to which the Company is subject. 
 
 Other Risks 
 
 The Company's ability to pay dividends is subject to the ability of the Bank to make capital distributions to the Company. 
 The long-term ability of the Company to pay dividends to its stockholders is based primarily upon the ability of the Bank to generate earnings and to, therefore, make capital distributions to the Company, and on the availability of cash at the holding company level in the event earnings are not sufficient to pay dividends. Under certain circumstances, capital distributions from the Bank to the Company may be subject to regulatory approvals. See "Item 1. Business Regulation and Supervision" for additional information. 
 
 Our risk management and compliance programs and functions may not be effective in mitigating risk and loss. 
 We maintain an enterprise risk management program that is designed to identify, quantify, monitor, report, and control the risks that we face. These risks include: interest-rate, credit, liquidity, operations, reputation, compliance and litigation. We also maintain a compliance program to identify, measure, assess, and report on our adherence to applicable laws, policies and procedures. While we assess and improve these programs on an ongoing basis, there can be no assurance that our risk management or compliance programs, along with other related controls, will effectively mitigate all risk and limit losses in our business. If conditions or circumstances arise that expose flaws or gaps in our risk management or compliance programs, or if our controls do not function as designed, the performance and value of our business could be adversely affected. 
 
 14 

The Company may not be able to attract and retain skilled employees. 
 The Company's success depends, in large part, on its ability to attract and retain key people. Competition for the best people can be intense, and the Company spends considerable time and resources attracting and hiring qualified people for its operations. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of the Company's key personnel could have an adverse impact on the Company's business because of their skills, knowledge of the Company's market, and years of industry experience, as well as the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 At September 30, 2023, we had 46 traditional branch offices and five in-store branch offices. The Bank owns the office building and related land in which its home office and executive offices are located, and 35 of its other branch offices. The remaining 15 branches are either leased or partially owned. 
 
 For additional information regarding our lease obligations, see "Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 5. Premises, Equipment and Leases." 
 
 Management believes that our number of current facilities meet the present and immediately foreseeable needs of our customers. Management will continue to evaluate the performance of these locations through a number of metrics, including but not limited to, customer traffic, and determine on at least an annual basis whether or not we are branched in a way that most effectively serves our existing and prospective customer bases. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 In the normal course of business, the Company and the Bank are involved as parties to various legal actions. In our opinion, after consultation with legal counsel, we believe it is unlikely that any such pending legal actions will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
 
 On November 2, 2022, the Bank was served a putative class action lawsuit, captioned Jennifer Harding, et al. vs. Capitol Federal Savings Bank (Case No. 2022-CV-00598), filed in the Third Judicial District Court, Shawnee County, Kansas against the Bank, alleging the Bank improperly charged overdraft fees on (1) debit card transactions that were authorized for payment on sufficient funds but later settled against a negative account balance (commonly known as "authorize positive purportedly settle negative" or "APPSN" transactions) and (2) merchant re-presentments of previously rejected payment requests. The complaint asserts a breach of contract claim (including breach of an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing) for each practice and seeks restitution for alleged improper fees, alleged actual damages, costs and disbursements, and injunction relief. On April 5, 2023, the court granted the Bank's motion to dismiss the complaint, with prejudice. The plaintiffs have appealed this decision. 
 
 The Company assesses the liabilities and loss contingencies in connection with pending or threatened legal and regulatory proceedings on at least a quarterly basis and establishes accruals when it is believed to be probable that a loss may be incurred and that the amount of such loss can be reasonably estimated. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 15 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Stock Listing 
 Capitol Federal Financial, Inc. common stock is traded on the Global Select tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market under the symbol "CFFN". At November 22, 2023, there were approximately 7,495 holders of record of Capitol Federal Financial, Inc. common stock. 
 
 Share Repurchases 
 The following table summarizes our share repurchase activity during the three months ended September 30, 2023 and additional information regarding our share repurchase program. As of September 30, 2023, the Company had 21.2 million of common stock that could be repurchased under its existing stock repurchase plan. This plan has no expiration date; however, the Federal Reserve Bank's approval for the Company to repurchase shares extends through August 2024. Shares may be repurchased from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions based upon market conditions and available liquidity. From December 2010 through September 30, 2023, 417.0 million worth of common stock was repurchased. 

Total Number of Approximate Dollar Total Shares Purchased as Value of Shares Number of Average Part of Publicly that May Yet Be Shares Price Paid Announced Plans Purchased Under the Purchased per Share or Programs Plans or Programs July 1, 2023 through July 31, 2023 22,469,207 August 1, 2023 through August 31, 2023 22,469,207 September 1, 2023 through September 30, 2023 250,594 4.97 250,594 21,222,929 Total 250,594 4.97 250,594 21,222,929 
 
 Stockholders and General Inquiries 
 Copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 are available to stockholders at no charge in the Investor Relations section of our website, www.capfed.com. 
 
 16 

Stockholder Return Performance Presentation 
 The information presented below assumes 100 invested on September 30, 2018 in the Company's common stock and in each of the indices, and assumes the reinvestment of all dividends. Historical stock price performance is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 
 Period Ending Index 9/30/2018 9/30/2019 9/30/2020 9/30/2021 9/30/2022 9/30/2023 Capitol Federal Financial, Inc. 100.00 116.58 82.57 109.88 85.20 53.25 NASDAQ Composite Index 100.00 100.52 141.70 184.58 136.12 171.65 S P U.S. BMI Banks Index 100.00 100.32 73.65 134.01 102.95 99.73 
 Source: S P Global Market Intelligence 
 
 Restrictions on the Payment of Dividends 
 The Company's ability to pay dividends is dependent, in part, upon its ability to obtain capital distributions from the Bank. The dividend policy of the Company is subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon a number of factors, including the Company's financial condition and results of operations, regulatory capital requirements, regulatory limitations on the Bank's ability to make capital distributions to the Company, and the amount of cash at the holding company level. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 17 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis is intended to assist in understanding the financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and capital resources of the Company. The Bank comprises almost all of the consolidated assets and liabilities of the Company and the Company is dependent primarily upon the performance of the Bank for the results of its operations. Because of this relationship, references to management actions, strategies and results of actions apply to both the Bank and the Company except where the context indicates otherwise. 

Strategic Securities Transaction 
 In October 2023, the Company initiated a strategic securities transaction ("securities strategy") by selling 1.30 billion of securities, representing 94 of its securities portfolio. Since the Company did not have the intent to hold the 1.30 billion of securities to maturity at September 30, 2023, the Company recognized an impairment loss on those securities, 192.6 million of which is reflected in our financial statements for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 and 13.3 million of which will be recorded in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. The securities strategy is designed to allow the Company to improve its earnings stream, beginning in fiscal year 2024, and to provide liquidity to deleverage the balance sheet, which should enable the Company to reduce the size of its balance sheet to under 10 billion in total assets by December 31, 2023, while keeping the Bank and Company well capitalized and with tangible common equity for the Company of more than 10.0 . The securities strategy, on a static basis, is expected to increase our earnings per share by approximately 0.30 and our net interest margin by approximately 60 basis points in fiscal year 2024 subsequent to the sales of securities through securities reinvestment and debt repayment. The 13.3 million loss discussed above, which was attributable to the change in valuation after September 30, 2023, is expected to reduce our earnings for the first quarter of fiscal year 2024 and for fiscal year 2024 by 0.08 per share. 
 
 The proceeds from the sale of the securities in October 2023 were used to purchase 632.0 million of securities, yielding 5.75 , and pay down 500.0 million of borrowings with a cost of 4.70 . The Company plans to hold the remaining cash at the FRB earning the interest on reserve balances rate, until such time it can be used to fund commercial loan commitments or other Bank operations. The Company expects these actions will help reduce total assets to approximately 9.70 billion by December 31, 2023. The weighted average yield on the securities sold was 1.22 and the average duration was 3.6 years. The Company expects the earn-back period to be 3.9 years, aligning closely with the average duration of the securities sold. Following the execution of the securities strategy, the Company maintains exceptional asset quality along with strong liquidity measures, including an unused 2.11 billion line of credit with the FHLB, enabling the Company to meet current and expected future commitments. 
 
 The Company's balance sheet is primarily composed of one- to four-family loans, most of which were refinanced in fiscal years 2020, 2021 and 2022 at then-current market interest rates. Securities were purchased during the same time period, also at low market interest rates, as a result of significant cash inflows from pandemic-related governmental stimulus support. Beginning in March 2022, the Federal Reserve started to raise interest rates at a record pace which resulted in the Bank increasing rates on deposit products to retain funds. Some of the Bank's borrowings also repriced to higher market interest rates during the same time period. Due to the composition of our loan and securities portfolios, our assets were not able to reprice as quickly as our liabilities, resulting in net interest margin compression. The securities strategy addresses the Company's recent decline in earnings associated with net interest margin compression driven by these factors by recognizing a net loss in fiscal year 2023. Because the securities sold in the securities strategy were held on our balance sheet as AFS, the net loss in fiscal year 2023 had minimal impact to the Company's tangible book value per share ("TBVPS"), as most of this loss was already included in the calculation of our TBVPS. 
 
 Executive Summary 
 The following summary should be read in conjunction with the Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section in its entirety. 
 
 The Company recognized net loss of 101.7 million, or (0.76) per share, for fiscal year 2023 compared to net income of 84.5 million, or 0.62 per share, for fiscal year 2022. The net loss for the current year resulted from the securities strategy, specifically, the 192.6 million impairment loss on the securities that management did not have the intent to hold at September 30, 2023. The securities were sold in October 2023. Excluding the effects of the securities strategy, earnings per share would have been 0.33 for the current year. The decrease in earnings per share, excluding the effects of the securities 
 18 

strategy, from the prior year was due primarily to lower net interest income, along with recording a provision for credit losses of 6.8 million for the current year compared to a release of provision of 4.6 million for the prior year. The net interest margin decreased 36 basis points, from 1.79 for the prior year to 1.43 for the current year. Excluding the effects of the leverage strategy described below, the net interest margin decreased 49 basis points, from 2.04 for the prior year to 1.55 for the current year. The decrease in the net interest margin excluding the effects of the leverage strategy was due mainly to an increase in the cost of borrowings and deposits, which exceeded the increase in loan yields. 
 
 At times, the Bank has utilized a leverage strategy to increase earnings which entails entering into short-term FHLB advances and depositing the proceeds from the borrowings, net of the required FHLB stock holdings, at the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City ("FRB of Kansas City"). The borrowings are repaid prior to each quarter end. The average balance of leverage strategy borrowings was 924.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2023. At times during the current year, the leverage strategy was not profitable and therefore was not utilized, resulting in a decrease in the average outstanding balance of leverage strategy borrowings compared to the prior year. Net income attributable to the leverage strategy was 997 thousand and 3.1 million for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. When the leverage strategy is in place, it reduces the net interest margin due to the amount of earnings from the transaction in comparison to the size of the transaction. Management continues to monitor the net interest rate spread and overall profitability of the leverage strategy. 
 
 Total assets were 10.18 billion at September 30, 2023, an increase of 552.6 million from September 30, 2022. The increase was mainly composed of a 506.7 million increase in the loan portfolio, or 6.8 growth, and a 196.4 million increase in operating cash, partially offset by a 178.8 million decrease in securities. The growth in the loan portfolio was primarily funded with proceeds from borrowings. 
 
 Total liabilities were 9.13 billion at September 30, 2023, an increase of 605.0 million from September 30, 2022 due primarily to a 747.0 million increase in borrowings, partially offset by a 143.6 million decrease in deposits. The increase in borrowings was composed of 500.0 million in BTFP borrowings at a rate of 4.70 and the remaining amounts were FHLB advances. The decrease in deposits during the current year was mainly in non-maturity deposits which decreased 670.1 million, largely retail money market accounts, partially offset by a 460.4 million increase in retail certificates of deposit and a 53.6 million increase in public unit certificates of deposit. The decrease in non-maturity deposit balances was likely due to depositors moving funds to a higher rate certificate of deposit product offered by the Bank, higher yielding investment products outside the Bank, and/or withdrawing funds for customer spending. The majority of the growth in the retail certificate of deposit portfolio in the current year were in terms less than 17 months. Management continues to competitively price certain short-term retail certificate of deposit products to encourage customers to move to shorter-term options. If rates were to decrease in the near future, the Bank would be able to more quickly reprice those balances to lower market rates at maturity. 
 
 Stockholder's equity was 1.04 billion at September 30, 2023, a decrease of 52.4 million from September 30, 2022. The decrease was due primarily to the payment of cash dividends during the current year. 
 
 The Bank's asset quality remained strong, reflected in low loan delinquency and charge-off ratios. At September 30, 2023, loans 30 to 89 days delinquent were 0.21 of total loans receivable, net, and loans 90 or more days delinquent or in foreclosure were 0.11 of total loans receivable, net. The ratio of net charge-offs (recoveries) ("NCOs") during the current year to average loans outstanding during the current year was 0.00 . 
 
 At September 30, 2023, the Bank's gap between the amount of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities projected to reprice within one year was (1.19) billion, or (11.7) of total assets, meaning the amount of interest-bearing liabilities exceeded the amount of interest-earning assets maturing or repricing during the same period. See additional discussion in "Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk." 
 
 In August 2023, management successfully implemented a new core processing and digital banking systems to enhance customer experiences and better position the Bank for the future. The new platform will allow us to introduce new products and services quickly, drive better efficiencies, and provide a more personalized experience for our customers. 
 
 19 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Our most critical accounting estimates are the methodologies used to determine the ACL and reserve for off-balance sheet credit exposures and fair value measurements. These estimates are important to the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations, involve a high degree of complexity, and require management to make difficult and subjective judgments that may require assumptions about highly uncertain matters. The use of different judgments, assumptions, and estimates could affect reported results materially. These critical accounting estimates and their application are reviewed at least annually by our audit committee. The following is a description of our critical accounting estimates and an explanation of the methods and assumptions underlying their application. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses and Reserve for Off-Balance Sheet Credit Exposures. The ACL is a valuation amount that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of loans and represents management's estimate of lifetime credit losses expected on the Company's loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date. The reserve for off-balance sheet credit exposures represents expected credit losses on unfunded portions of existing loans and commitments to originate or purchase loans that are not unconditionally cancellable by the Company. 
 
 Management estimates the ACL by projecting future loss rates which are dependent upon forecasted economic indices and applying qualitative factors when deemed appropriate by management. The key assumptions used in projecting future loss rates include the economic forecast, the forecast and reversion to mean time periods, and prepayment and curtailment assumptions. The assumptions are used to calculate and aggregate estimated cash flows for the time period that remains in each loan's contractual life. The cash flows are discounted back to the balance sheet date using each loan's effective yield, to arrive at a present value of future cash flows, which is compared to the amortized cost basis of the loan pool to determine the amount of ACL required by the calculation. Management then considers qualitative factors when assessing the overall level of ACL. See "Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans Receivable" and "Reserve for Off-Balance Sheet Credit Exposures" within "Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" for additional information. 
 
 One of the most significant judgments used in projecting loss rates when estimating the ACL and reserves for off-balance sheet credit exposures is the macroeconomic forecast provided by a third party. The economic indices sourced from the macroeconomic forecast and used in projecting loss rates are the national unemployment rate, changes in commercial real estate prices, changes in home values, and changes in the United States gross domestic product. The economic index used in the calculation to which the calculation is most sensitive is the national unemployment rate. Each reporting period, several macroeconomic forecast scenarios are considered by management. Management selects the macroeconomic forecast(s) that is/are most reflective of expectations at that point in time. Changes in the macroeconomic forecast, especially for the national unemployment rate, could significantly impact the calculated estimated credit losses between reporting periods. 
 
 Other key assumptions in the calculation of the ACL and reserve for off-balance sheet credit exposures estimates include the forecast and reversion to mean time periods and prepayment and curtailment assumptions. The calculation is less sensitive to these assumptions than the macroeconomic forecasts. The macroeconomic forecast is applied for a reasonable and supportable time period before reverting to long-term historical averages for each economic index. The forecast and reversion to mean time period used for each economic index at September 30, 2023 was four quarters. Prepayment and curtailment assumptions are generally based on the Company's historical experience and are adjusted by management as deemed necessary. The prepayment and curtailment assumptions vary based on loan product type. 
 
 The ACL and reserve for off-balance sheet credit exposures may be materially affected by qualitative factors, especially during periods of economic uncertainty, for items not reflected in the economic forecast and/or discounted cash flow model, but which are deemed appropriate by management's current assessment of the risks related to the loan portfolio and/or external factors. Such qualitative factors may include changes in the Bank's loan portfolio composition and credit concentrations, changes in the balances and/or trends in asset quality and/or loan credit performance, changes in lending underwriting standards, the effect of other external factors such as significant unique events or conditions, and actual and/or expected changes in economic conditions, real estate values, and/or other economic developments. The qualitative factors applied by management at September 30, 2023 were (1) economic uncertainty that may not be adequately captured in the third-party economic forecast scenarios and (2) other management considerations related to commercial loans to account for credit risks not fully reflected in the discounted cash flow model. The qualitative factors applied at September 30, 2023, and the importance and levels of the qualitative factors applied, may change in future periods depending on the level of changes 
 20 

to items such as the uncertainty of economic conditions and management's assessment of the level of credit risk within the loan portfolio as a result of such changes, compared to the amount of ACL calculated by the model. The evaluation of qualitative factors is inherently imprecise and requires significant management judgment. See "Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 4. Loans Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses - Allowance for Credit Losses" for additional information regarding the qualitative factors applied at September 30, 2023. 
 
 The ACL and the reserve for off-balance sheet credit exposures were 23.8 million and 4.1 million, respectively at September 30, 2023, compared to 16.4 million and 4.8 million, respectively, at September 30, 2022. The 7.4 million increase in the ACL was due primarily to the outlook for worsening economic forecast conditions in the current year compared to the prior year, along with a reduction in the projected prepayment speeds used in the model for all loan categories. The 656 thousand decrease in the reserve for off-balance sheet credit exposures was due primarily to refining our methodology to account for the estimated credit losses on unfunded commercial construction-to-permanent loans and commitments for the time period after construction is expected to be completed. See "Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 4. Loans Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses - Allowance for Credit Losses" for additional information regarding the assumptions used in the Company's September 30, 2023 estimate of ACL. 
 
 While management utilizes its best judgment and information available, the adequacy of the ACL and reserve for off-balance sheet credit exposures is determined by certain factors outside of the Company's control, such as the performance of our portfolios, changes in the economic environment including economic uncertainty, changes in interest rates, and the view of the regulatory authorities toward classification of assets and the level of ACL and reserve for off-balance sheet credit exposures. Additionally, the level of ACL and reserve for off-balance sheet credit exposures may fluctuate based on the balance and mix of the loan portfolio and off-balance sheet credit exposures. If actual results differ significantly from our assumptions, our ACL and reserve for off-balance sheet credit exposures may not be sufficient to cover inherent losses in our loan portfolio, resulting in additions to our ACL and an increase in the provision for credit losses. 
 
 Fair Value Measurements. The Company uses fair value measurements to record fair value adjustments to certain financial instruments and to determine fair value disclosures in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 820 and ASC 825. The Company groups its financial instruments at fair value in three levels based on the markets in which the instruments are traded and the reliability of the assumptions used to determine fair value, with Level 1 (quoted prices for identical assets in an active market) being considered the most reliable, and Level 3 having the most unobservable inputs and therefore being considered the least reliable. The Company bases its fair values on the price that would be received from the sale of an asset in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The Company maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. 
 
 The Company's AFS securities are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. Changes in the fair value of AFS securities, not related to credit loss, are recorded, net of tax, as AOCI in stockholders' equity. The Company primarily uses prices obtained from third-party pricing services to determine the fair value of its AFS securities. Various modeling techniques are used to determine pricing for the Company's securities, including option pricing, discounted cash flow models, and similar techniques. The inputs to these models may include benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, benchmark securities, bids, offers and reference data. All AFS securities are classified as Level 2. 
 
 The Company's interest rate swaps are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The estimated fair values of the interest rate swaps are obtained from the counterparty and are determined by a discounted cash flow analysis using observable market-based inputs. Changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps are recorded, net of tax, as AOCI in stockholders' equity. The Company did not have any other financial instruments that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30, 2023. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For a discussion of Recent Accounting Pronouncements, see "Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Financial Statements Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies." 
 
 21 

Financial Condition 
 
 The following table summarizes the Company's financial condition at the dates indicated. 
 September 30, Change expressed in: 2023 2022 Dollars Percent (Dollars and shares in thousands) Total assets 10,177,461 9,624,897 552,564 5.7 AFS securities 1,384,482 1,563,307 (178,825) (11.4) Loans receivable, net 7,970,949 7,464,208 506,741 6.8 Deposits 6,051,220 6,194,866 (143,646) (2.3) Borrowings 2,879,125 2,132,154 746,971 35.0 Stockholders' equity 1,044,054 1,096,499 (52,445) (4.8) Equity to total assets at end of period 10.3 11.4 Average number of basic shares outstanding 133,557 135,700 (2,143) (1.6) Average number of diluted shares outstanding 133,557 135,700 (2,143) (1.6) 

Loans Receivable. Total loans, net at September 30, 2023 were 7.97 billion, an increase of 506.7 million from September 30, 2022. The increase was due primarily to growth in the commercial real estate loan portfolio and one- to four-family correspondent loan portfolio. 
 
 Originating and purchasing loans secured by one- to four-family residential properties is the Bank's primary lending business, resulting in a concentration in residential first mortgage loans secured by properties located in Kansas and Missouri. The Bank also originates and participates in commercial loans, and originates consumer loans and construction loans. 
 
 The Bank purchases one- to four-family loans, on a loan-by-loan basis, from a select group of correspondent lenders ("correspondent purchased"). Loan purchases enable the Bank to attain geographic diversification in the one- to four-family loan portfolio. We generally pay a premium of 0.50 to 1.00 of the loan balance to purchase these loans, and 1.00 of the loan balance to purchase the servicing of these loans. The premium paid is amortized against the interest earned over the life of the loan, which reduces the loan yield. If a loan pays off before the scheduled maturity date, the remaining premium is recognized as reduction in interest income. For balance sheet management purposes, we reduced purchases of correspondent loans during the current year, with the intention of correspondent purchases eventually being near zero. 
 
 In the past, the Bank has also purchased one- to four-family loans from correspondent and nationwide lenders in bulk loan packages ("bulk purchased"). The majority of the Bank's bulk purchased loans were guaranteed by one seller. The Bank has not experienced any losses with this group of loans since the loan package was purchased in August 2012. 
 
 The Bank originates owner-occupied construction-to-permanent loans secured by one- to four-family residential real estate. The majority of these loans are secured by property located within the Bank's Kansas City market area. The Bank's owner-occupied construction-to-permanent loan program combines the construction loan and the permanent loan into one loan, allowing the borrower to secure the same interest rate structure throughout the construction period and the permanent loan term. 
 
 The Bank offers a variety of secured consumer loans, including home equity loans and lines of credit, home improvement loans, vehicle loans, and loans secured by savings deposits. The Bank also originates a very limited amount of unsecured loans. Generally, consumer loans are originated in the Bank's market areas. The majority of our consumer loan portfolio is comprised of home equity lines of credit, which have adjustable interest rates. For a majority of the home equity lines of credit, the Bank has the first mortgage or the Bank is in the first lien position. 
 
 The Bank's commercial loan portfolio is composed of commercial real estate loans, commercial construction loans and commercial and industrial loans. Our commercial real estate loans include a variety of property types, including retail buildings, senior housing facilities, multi-family dwellings, hotels, and office buildings located in Kansas, Texas, and 
 22 

Missouri, and 13 other states. The Bank's commercial and industrial loan portfolio consists largely of loans secured by accounts receivable, inventory and equipment. 
 
 Commercial borrowers are generally required to provide financial information annually, including borrower financial statements, subject property rental rates and income, maintenance costs, updated real estate property tax and insurance payments, and personal financial information for the guarantor(s). This allows the Bank to monitor compliance with loan covenants and review the borrower's performance, including cash flows from operations, debt service coverage, and comparison of performance to projections and year-over-year performance trending. Additionally, the Bank monitors and performs site visits, or in the case of participation loans, obtains updates from the lead bank as needed to determine the condition of the collateral securing the loan. Depending on the financial strength of the project and/or the complexity of the borrower's financials, the Bank may also perform a global analysis of cash flows to account for all other properties owned by the borrower or guarantor. If signs of weakness are identified, the Bank may begin performing more frequent financial and/or collateral reviews or will initiate contact with the borrower, or the lead bank will contact the borrower if the loan is a participation loan, to ensure cash flows from operations are maintained at a satisfactory level to meet the debt requirements. The Bank mitigates the risk of commercial real estate construction lending during the construction period by monitoring inspection reports from an independent third-party, project budget, percentage of completion, on-site inspections and percentage of advanced funds. Commercial and industrial loans are monitored through a review of borrower performance as indicated by borrower financial statements, borrowing base reports, accounts receivable aging reports, and inventory aging reports. These reports are required to be provided by the borrowers monthly, quarterly, or annually depending on the nature of the borrowing relationship. The Bank regularly monitors the level of risk in the entire commercial loan portfolio, including concentrations in such factors as geographic locations, collateral types, tenant brand name, borrowing relationships, and lending relationships in the case of participation loans, among other factors. 

23 

The following table presents the balance and weighted average rate of our loan portfolio as of the dates indicated. The rate on the portfolio increased 43 basis points during the current year due primarily to one- to four-family correspondent and commercial loan growth at interest rates higher than the existing portfolios, disbursements on higher rate commercial construction loans, and repricing of existing commercial loans to higher market interest rates. 
 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Amount Rate Amount Rate (Dollars in thousands) One- to four-family: Originated 3,978,837 3.39 3,988,469 3.20 Correspondent purchased 2,405,911 3.44 2,201,886 3.10 Bulk purchased 137,193 1.85 147,939 1.24 Construction 69,974 3.68 66,164 2.90 Total 6,591,915 3.38 6,404,458 3.12 Commercial: Commercial real estate 995,788 5.29 745,301 4.30 Commercial and industrial 112,953 6.36 79,981 4.30 Construction 178,746 5.01 141,062 5.34 Total 1,287,487 5.35 966,344 4.45 Consumer loans: Home equity 95,723 8.83 92,203 6.28 Other 9,256 5.20 8,665 4.21 Total 104,979 8.51 100,868 6.10 Total loans receivable 7,984,381 3.76 7,471,670 3.33 Less: ACL 23,759 16,371 Deferred loan fees/discounts 31,335 29,736 Premiums/deferred costs (41,662) (38,645) Total loans receivable, net 7,970,949 7,464,208 
 24 

The following table presents the contractual maturity of our loan portfolio, along with associated weighted average yields, at September 30, 2023. Loans that have adjustable interest rates are shown as maturing in the period during which the contract is due. The table does not reflect the effects of possible prepayments or enforcement of due on sale clauses. 
 One year or less (1) 
 Over one year to five years Over five years to 15 years Over 15 years Total Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield (Dollars in thousands) One- to four-family: Originated 1,659 4.03 75,168 3.37 1,184,927 2.92 2,717,083 3.64 3,978,837 3.42 Correspondent purchased 117 3.77 18,064 2.58 436,634 2.46 1,951,096 3.54 2,405,911 3.34 Bulk purchased 1 4.63 80 4.90 27,877 3.83 109,235 1.24 137,193 1.77 Construction (2) 
 16,020 2.71 53,954 4.03 69,974 3.72 Total 1,777 4.02 93,312 3.22 1,665,458 2.81 4,831,368 3.55 6,591,915 3.36 Commercial: Commercial real estate 77,723 6.00 193,066 5.63 506,809 4.53 218,190 6.75 995,788 5.34 Commercial and industrial 23,319 7.59 48,726 6.88 36,233 4.96 4,675 4.07 112,953 6.29 Construction (2) 
 38,549 7.15 94,371 4.33 44,489 4.88 1,337 7.43 178,746 5.10 Total 139,591 6.58 336,163 5.45 587,531 4.58 224,202 6.70 1,287,487 5.39 Consumer: Home equity (3) 
 1,290 10.91 1,710 6.65 41,736 8.84 50,987 8.77 95,723 8.79 Other 643 2.16 7,707 5.17 847 6.83 59 18.00 9,256 5.20 Total 1,933 8.00 9,417 5.44 42,583 8.80 51,046 8.78 104,979 8.47 Total loans receivable 143,301 6.57 438,892 4.97 2,295,572 3.37 5,106,616 3.74 7,984,381 3.75 Less: ACL 23,759 Deferred loan fees/discounts 31,335 Premiums/deferred costs (41,662) Total loans receivable, net 7,970,949 
 
 (1) Includes demand loans, loans having no stated maturity, and overdraft loans. 
 (2) Construction loans are presented based upon the contractual maturity date, which includes the permanent financing period for construction-to-permanent loans. 
 (3) For home equity loans, including those that do not have a stated maturity date, the maturity date calculated assumes the borrower always makes the required minimum payment. The majority of home equity loans assume a maximum term of 240 months. 
 
 25 

The following table presents, as of September 30, 2023, the amount of loans due after September 30, 2024, and whether these loans have fixed or adjustable interest rates. 
 Fixed Adjustable Total (Dollars in thousands) One- to four-family: Originated 3,605,008 372,170 3,977,178 Correspondent purchased 1,994,557 411,237 2,405,794 Bulk purchased 3,954 133,238 137,192 Construction 53,985 15,989 69,974 Total 5,657,504 932,634 6,590,138 Commercial: Commercial real estate 270,700 647,365 918,065 Commercial and industrial 39,513 50,121 89,634 Construction 77,846 62,351 140,197 Total 388,059 759,837 1,147,896 Consumer: Home equity 17,148 77,285 94,433 Other 6,352 2,261 8,613 Total 23,500 79,546 103,046 Total loans receivable 6,069,063 1,772,017 7,841,080 
 
 Loan Activity - The following table summarizes activity in the loan portfolio, along with weighted average rates where applicable, for the periods indicated, excluding changes in ACL, deferred loan fees/discounts, and premiums/deferred costs. Loans that were paid off as a result of refinances are included in repayments. Loan endorsements are not included in the activity in the following table because a new loan is not generated at the time of the endorsement. The endorsed balance and rate are included in the ending loan portfolio balance and rate. Commercial loan renewals are not included in the activity presented in the following table unless new funds are disbursed at the time of renewal. The renewal balance and rate are included in the ending loan portfolio balance and rate. 
 For the Year Ended September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Amount Rate Amount Rate (Dollars in thousands) Beginning balance 7,471,670 3.33 7,096,073 3.21 Originated and refinanced 930,362 5.96 1,065,373 3.74 Purchased and participations 644,072 5.59 701,674 3.46 Change in undisbursed loan funds (99,179) (53,811) Repayments (956,562) (1,337,034) Principal (charge-offs)/recoveries, net (106) 186 Other (5,876) (791) Ending balance 7,984,381 3.76 7,471,670 3.33 
 
 26 

The following table presents loan origination, refinance, and purchase activity for the periods indicated, excluding endorsement activity, along with associated weighted average rates and percent of total. Commercial loan renewals are not included in the activity in the following table except to the extent new funds are disbursed at the time of renewal. Loan originations, purchases, and refinances are reported together. 
 For the Year Ended September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Amount Rate of Total Amount Rate of Total (Dollars in thousands) Fixed-rate: One- to four-family 404,598 5.47 25.7 926,274 3.41 52.5 One- to four-family construction 39,599 5.72 2.5 120,615 3.19 6.8 Commercial: Real estate 43,408 7.48 2.7 50,620 4.08 2.9 Commercial and industrial 40,238 7.81 2.6 23,846 4.14 1.3 Construction 149,046 5.89 9.5 86,023 3.47 4.9 Home equity 6,080 8.20 0.4 6,771 5.76 0.4 Other 4,620 6.93 0.3 3,923 5.66 0.2 Total fixed-rate 687,589 5.87 43.7 1,218,072 3.45 69.0 Adjustable-rate: One- to four-family 342,093 4.97 21.7 230,640 3.51 13.0 One- to four-family construction 28,545 5.22 1.8 26,080 3.31 1.5 Commercial: Real estate 223,910 5.60 14.2 137,150 4.21 7.8 Commercial and industrial 57,295 7.28 3.6 32,430 3.87 1.8 Construction 177,471 6.22 11.3 58,080 4.94 3.3 Home equity 55,896 8.43 3.6 62,832 4.97 3.5 Other 1,635 4.25 0.1 1,763 3.03 0.1 Total adjustable-rate 886,845 5.75 56.3 548,975 4.01 31.0 Total originated, refinanced and purchased 1,574,434 5.81 100.0 1,767,047 3.63 100.0 Purchased and participation loans included above: Fixed-rate: Correspondent purchased - one- to four-family 199,858 5.20 452,093 3.35 Participations and purchases - commercial 19,016 9.43 87,365 3.47 Total fixed-rate purchased/participations 218,874 5.57 539,458 3.37 Adjustable-rate: Correspondent purchased - one- to four-family 215,939 4.86 129,216 3.49 Participations and purchases - commercial 209,259 6.36 33,000 4.87 Total adjustable-rate purchased/participations 425,198 5.60 162,216 3.77 Total purchased/participation loans 644,072 5.59 701,674 3.46 
 
 27 

One- to Four-Family Loans - The following table presents, for our portfolio of one- to four-family loans, the amount, percent of total, weighted average rate, weighted average credit score, weighted average loan-to-value ("LTV") ratio, and average balance per loan as of September 30, 2023. Credit scores are updated at least annually, with the latest update in September 2023, from a nationally recognized consumer rating agency. The LTV ratios were based on the current loan balance and either the lesser of the purchase price or original appraisal, or the most recent Bank appraisal, if available. In most cases, the most recent appraisal was obtained at the time of origination. 
 of Credit Average Amount Total Rate Score LTV Balance (Dollars in thousands) Originated 3,978,837 61.0 3.39 772 60 164 Correspondent purchased 2,405,911 36.9 3.44 767 64 416 Bulk purchased 137,193 2.1 1.85 772 55 288 6,521,941 100.0 3.37 770 61 213 
 
 The following table presents originated and correspondent purchased activity in our one- to four-family loan portfolio, excluding endorsement activity, along with associated weighted average rates, weighted average LTVs and weighted average credit scores for the current year. 
 Credit Amount Rate LTV Score (Dollars in thousands) Originated 399,038 5.51 75 764 Correspondent purchased 415,797 5.02 76 769 814,835 5.26 76 767 
 
 The following table summarizes our one- to four-family loan origination and refinance commitments and one- to four-family correspondent loan purchase commitments as of September 30, 2023, along with associated weighted average rates. It is expected that some of the loan commitments will expire unfunded, so the amounts reflected in the table below are not necessarily indicative of our future cash needs. 
 Amount Rate (Dollars in thousands) Originate/refinance 53,497 6.62 Correspondent 1,765 5.81 55,262 6.60 
 
 Commercial Loans - During fiscal year 2023, the Bank originated 463.1 million of commercial loans and entered into commercial loan participations totaling 228.3 million. The Bank processed commercial loan disbursements, excluding lines of credit, of approximately 474.6 million at a weighted average rate of 6.09 . 
 
 As of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, the Bank's commercial and industrial gross loan amounts (unpaid principal plus undisbursed amounts) totaled 158.5 million and 100.4 million, respectively, and commitments totaled 2.6 million and 458 thousand, respectively. 
 
 28 

The following table presents the Bank's commercial real estate and commercial construction loans by type of primary collateral as of the dates indicated. As of September 30, 2023, the Bank had three commercial real estate and commercial construction loan commitments totaling 14.0 million, at a weighted average rate of 7.57 , which are not included in the table below. Because the commitments to pay out undisbursed funds are not cancellable by the Bank, unless the loan is in default, we generally anticipate fully funding the related projects. Of the total commercial undisbursed amounts and commitments outstanding as of September 30, 2023, management anticipates funding approximately 86 million during the December 2023 quarter, 75 million during the March 2024 quarter, 52 million during the June 2024 quarter, and 172 million during the September 2024 quarter or later. 
 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Unpaid Undisbursed Gross Loan Gross Loan Count Principal Amount Amount Amount (Dollars in thousands) Retail building 141 265,336 87,163 352,499 230,153 Senior housing 36 308,765 22,442 331,207 328,259 Multi-family 42 83,614 225,232 308,846 122,735 Hotel 13 214,019 18,993 233,012 181,546 Office building 81 122,132 8,789 130,921 109,653 One- to four-family property 365 62,733 7,532 70,265 68,907 Single use building 30 33,990 13,203 47,193 41,908 Other 112 83,945 5,050 88,995 53,054 820 1,174,534 388,404 1,562,938 1,136,215 Weighted average rate 5.25 6.12 5.47 4.56 
 
 The following table summarizes the Bank's commercial real estate and commercial construction loans by state as of the dates indicated. 
 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Unpaid Undisbursed Gross Loan Gross Loan Count Principal Amount Amount Amount (Dollars in thousands) Kansas 607 471,114 199,384 670,498 423,797 Texas 17 269,718 78,989 348,707 280,840 Missouri 163 261,761 70,849 332,610 296,443 Colorado 8 42,766 6,619 49,385 34,377 Tennessee 2 26,391 15,745 42,136 Nebraska 8 35,571 2,038 37,609 32,992 Other 15 67,213 14,780 81,993 67,766 820 1,174,534 388,404 1,562,938 1,136,215 
 
 29 

The following table presents the Bank's commercial loan portfolio and outstanding loan commitments, categorized by gross loan amount (unpaid principal plus undisbursed amounts) or outstanding loan commitment amount, as of September 30, 2023. 
 Count Amount (Dollars in thousands) Greater than 30 million 9 436,940 > 15 to 30 million 20 418,355 > 10 to 15 million 10 122,580 > 5 to 10 million 32 234,433 1 to 5 million 143 339,856 Less than 1 million 1,217 185,888 1,431 1,738,052 

Asset Quality 
 
 Delinquent and nonaccrual loans and other real estate owned ("OREO"). The following table presents the Company's 30 to 89 day delinquent loans at the dates indicated. The amounts in the table represent the unpaid principal balance of the loans less related charge-offs, if any. Of the loans 30 to 89 days delinquent at September 30, 2023 and 2022, approximately 72 and 73 , respectively, were 59 days or less delinquent. The increase in loans 30 to 89 days delinquent during the current year was due mainly to delinquencies returning to more historical levels as government payment assistance programs expired. 
 2023 2022 Number Amount Number Amount (Dollars in thousands) One- to four-family: Originated 88 9,078 48 4,134 Correspondent purchased 17 5,192 7 1,104 Bulk purchased 1 149 3 913 Construction 4 1,123 Commercial 5 94 Consumer 30 730 24 345 145 16,366 82 6,496 Loans 30 to 89 days delinquent to total loans receivable, net 0.21 0.09 
 
 30 

The following table presents the Company's nonaccrual loans and OREO at the dates indicated. The amounts in the table represent the unpaid principal balance of the loans less related charge-offs, if any. Nonaccrual loans are loans that are 90 or more days delinquent or in foreclosure and other loans required to be reported as nonaccrual pursuant to accounting and/or regulatory reporting requirements and/or internal policies, even if the loans are current. At all dates presented, there were no loans 90 or more days delinquent that were still accruing interest. Non-performing assets include nonaccrual loans and OREO. 
 September 30, 2023 2022 Number Amount Number Amount (Dollars in thousands) Loans 90 or More Days Delinquent or in Foreclosure: One- to four-family: Originated 24 2,246 29 2,919 Correspondent purchased 9 3,410 12 3,737 Bulk purchased 2 942 3 1,148 Commercial 12 2,183 8 1,167 Consumer 9 113 9 154 56 8,894 61 9,125 Loans 90 or more days delinquent or in foreclosure as a percentage of total loans 0.11 0.12 Nonaccrual loans less than 90 Days Delinquent: (1) 
 One- to four-family: Originated 2 215 3 222 Correspondent purchased 1 282 Bulk purchased Commercial 1 18 1 77 Consumer 1 19 4 515 5 318 Total nonaccrual loans 60 9,409 66 9,443 Nonaccrual loans as a percentage of total loans 0.12 0.13 OREO: One- to four-family: Originated (2) 
 4 307 Correspondent purchased 1 219 Consumer 1 21 1 219 5 328 Total non-performing assets 61 9,628 71 9,771 Non-performing assets as a percentage of total assets 0.09 0.10 
 (1) Includes loans required to be reported as nonaccrual pursuant to accounting and/or regulatory reporting requirements and/or internal policies, even if the loans are current. 
 (2) Real estate-related consumer loans where we also hold the first mortgage are included in the one- to four-family category as the underlying collateral is one- to four-family property. 
 
 31 

The following table presents the states where the properties securing five percent or more of the total amount of our one- to four-family loans, excluding construction loans, are located and the corresponding balance of loans 30 to 89 days delinquent, 90 or more days delinquent or in foreclosure, and weighted average LTV ratios for loans 90 or more days delinquent or in foreclosure at September 30, 2023. The LTV ratios were based on the current loan balance and either the lesser of the purchase price or original appraisal, or the most recent Bank appraisal, if available. At September 30, 2023, potential losses, after taking into consideration anticipated private mortgage insurance proceeds and estimated selling costs, have been charged-off. 
 Loans 30 to 89 Loans 90 or More Days Delinquent One- to Four-Family Days Delinquent or in Foreclosure State Amount of Total Amount of Total Amount of Total LTV (Dollars in thousands) Kansas 3,537,368 54.2 8,331 57.8 1,863 28.2 53 Missouri 1,120,470 17.2 3,608 25.0 1,582 24.0 57 Other states 1,864,103 28.6 2,480 17.2 3,153 47.8 49 6,521,941 100.0 14,419 100.0 6,598 100.0 52 
 
 Classified Assets. In accordance with the Bank's asset classification policy, management regularly reviews the problem assets in the Bank's portfolio to determine whether any assets require classification. See "Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 4. Loans Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses" for asset classification definitions. 
 
 The following table presents loans classified as special mention or substandard at the dates presented. The amounts in the table represent the unpaid principal balance of the loans less related charge-offs, if any. The increase in commercial special mention loans at September 30, 2023 compared to September 30, 2022 was due mainly to three loans in a single commercial relationship where the borrower has experienced some performance issues. Since being classified as special mention, these loans have been trending in a positive direction. Management continues to closely monitor the borrower's performance. 
 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Special Mention Substandard Special Mention Substandard (Dollars in thousands) One- to four-family 18,603 19,314 12,950 19,953 Commercial 16,407 1,293 565 2,733 Consumer 327 190 306 354 35,337 20,797 13,821 23,040 
 
 32 

Allowance for Credit Losses. The following table presents the distribution of our ACL and the ratio of ACL to loans receivable, by loan type, at the dates indicated. The increase in the ratio of ACL to loans receivable for commercial loans from September 30, 2022 to September 30, 2023 was due mainly to the outlook for worsening economic forecast conditions in the current year compared to the prior year, along with a reduction in projected prepayment speeds. 
 
 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 of of of of ACL to ACL to Loans to ACL to ACL to Loans to Amount Loans Total Total Amount Loans Total Total of ACL Ratio ACL Loans of ACL Ratio ACL Loans (Dollars in thousands) One- to four-family: Originated 2,084 0.05 8.8 49.9 2,012 0.05 12.3 53.4 Correspondent purchased 2,972 0.12 12.4 30.1 2,734 0.12 16.7 29.5 Bulk purchased 207 0.15 0.9 1.7 206 0.14 1.3 2.0 Construction 65 0.09 0.3 0.9 54 0.08 0.3 0.9 Total 5,328 0.08 22.4 82.6 5,006 0.08 30.6 85.8 Commercial: Real estate 15,589 1.57 65.6 12.5 8,729 1.17 53.3 10.0 Commercial and industrial 1,104 0.98 4.6 1.4 490 0.61 3.0 1.0 Construction 1,487 0.83 6.3 2.2 1,901 1.35 11.6 1.9 Total 18,180 1.41 76.5 16.1 11,120 1.15 67.9 12.9 Consumer loans: Home equity 142 0.15 0.6 1.2 136 0.15 0.8 1.2 Other consumer 109 1.18 0.5 0.1 109 1.26 0.7 0.1 Total consumer loans 251 0.24 1.1 1.3 245 0.24 1.5 1.3 23,759 0.30 100.0 100.0 16,371 0.22 100.0 100.0 
 
 See "Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 4. Loans Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses for additional information regarding the Bank's ACL. 
 
 33 

The following tables present ACL activity and related ratios at the dates and for the periods indicated. The Bank adopted ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses: Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ("CECL") on October 1, 2020. The ratio of NCOs to average non-performing assets during the current year was higher than the prior year due to a net charge-off in the current year compared to a net recovery in the prior year. The ratio of ACL to nonaccrual loans was higher in the current year compared to the prior year due to higher ACL compared to the prior year period. The ratio of ACL to loans receivable, net was higher in the current year compared to the prior year due primarily to a higher ACL balance, mainly related to commercial loans. The ratio of ACL to NCOs for the prior year period was not meaningful as recoveries exceeded loan charge-offs, compared to the current year period where loan charge-offs exceeded recoveries. See "Note 4. Loans Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses" for additional information related to ACL activity by specific loan categories. 
 At or For the Year Ended September 30, 2023 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Balance at beginning of period 16,371 19,823 31,527 Adoption of CECL (4,761) Charge-offs (115) (70) (715) Recoveries 9 256 237 Net (charge-offs) recoveries (106) 186 (478) Provision for credit losses 7,494 (3,638) (6,465) Balance at end of period 23,759 16,371 19,823 Ratio of NCOs during the period to average non-performing assets 1.09 (1.59) 3.63 ACL to nonaccrual loans at end of period 252.51 173.37 147.54 ACL to loans receivable, net at end of period 0.30 0.22 0.28 ACL to NCOs 223x N/M 42x 
 
 34 

The following table presents NCOs, average loans, and NCOs as a percentage of average loans, by loan type, for the periods indicated. 
 For the Year Ended September 30, 2023 2022 2021 NCOs Average Loans of Average Loans NCOs Average Loans of Average Loans NCOs Average Loans of Average Loans (Dollars in thousands) One- to four-family: Originated (6) 3,981,468 (129) 3,937,188 20 3,936,166 Correspondent 2,428,257 2,072,677 2,010,823 Bulk purchased 143,105 159,152 21 191,029 0.01 Construction 65,741 48,079 29,893 Total (6) 6,618,571 (129) 6,217,096 41 6,167,911 Commercial: Real estate (1) 875,850 (101) 692,115 (0.01) 465 637,712 0.07 Commercial and industrial 75 93,840 0.08 40 74,133 0.05 75,219 Construction 181,141 117,878 75,771 Total 74 1,150,831 0.01 (61) 884,126 (0.01) 465 788,702 0.06 Consumer: Home equity 21 94,131 0.02 1 85,514 (26) 92,495 (0.03) Other 17 8,885 0.19 3 8,030 0.04 (2) 8,782 (0.02) Total 38 103,016 0.04 4 93,544 (28) 101,277 (0.03) 106 7,872,418 (186) 7,194,766 478 7,057,890 0.01 

Securities. The following table presents the distribution of our securities portfolio, at amortized cost, at the dates indicated. Overall, fixed-rate securities comprised 95 of our securities portfolio at September 30, 2023. The weighted average life ("WAL") is the estimated remaining maturity (in years) after three-month historical prepayment speeds and projected call option assumptions have been applied. Weighted average yields on tax-exempt securities are not calculated on a fully tax-equivalent basis. 
 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Amount Yield WAL Amount Yield WAL (Dollars in thousands) MBS 901,440 1.71 4.7 1,243,270 1.57 4.7 Government-sponsored enterprises ("GSE") debentures 479,610 0.64 1.9 519,977 0.61 2.9 Corporate bonds 4,000 5.12 8.6 4,000 5.12 9.6 Municipal bonds 942 2.55 6.9 1,243 2.63 6.5 1,385,992 1.35 3.8 1,768,490 1.29 4.2 
 
 35 

The composition and maturities of the securities portfolio at September 30, 2023 is indicated in the following table by remaining contractual maturity, without consideration of call features or pre-refunding dates, along with associated weighted average yields. The weighted average yields were calculated by multiplying each estimated fair value by its yield and dividing the sum of these results by the total estimated fair value. Yields on tax-exempt investments are not calculated on a fully tax equivalent basis . 
 1 year or less More than 1 to 5 years More than 5 to 10 years Over 10 years Total Securities Estimated Estimated Estimated Estimated Estimated Fair Fair Fair Fair Fair Value Yield Value Yield Value Yield Value Yield Value Yield (Dollars in thousands) MBS 85 2.15 58,161 2.30 162,488 1.99 680,000 1.59 900,734 1.71 GSE debentures 72,618 0.40 406,810 0.68 479,428 0.64 Corporate bonds 3,378 5.12 3,378 5.12 Municipal bonds 942 2.55 942 2.55 72,703 0.40 464,971 0.89 166,808 2.05 680,000 1.59 1,384,482 1.35 
 
 The following table summarizes the activity in our securities portfolio for the periods presented. The weighted average yields for the beginning and ending balances are as of the first and last days of the periods presented and are generally derived from recent prepayment activity on the securities in the portfolio. The beginning and ending WALs are the estimated remaining principal repayment terms (in years) after three-month historical prepayment speeds and projected call option assumptions have been applied. 
 For the Year Ended September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Amount Yield WAL Amount Yield WAL (Dollars in thousands) Beginning balance - carrying value 1,563,307 1.29 4.2 2,014,608 1.16 3.5 Maturities and repayments (186,860) (323,025) Net amortization of (premiums)/discounts (3,016) (4,967) Purchases 88,026 2.56 4.3 Change in valuation on AFS securities 11,051 (211,335) Ending balance - carrying value 1,384,482 1.35 3.8 1,563,307 1.29 4.2 
 36 

Liabilities. Total liabilities were 9.13 billion at September 30, 2023, compared to 8.53 billion at September 30, 2022. The increase in liabilities between September 30, 2022 and September 30, 2023 was due primarily to an increase in borrowings, partially offset by a decrease in deposits. 
 
 Deposits. The following table presents the amount, weighted average rate and percent of total for the components of our deposit portfolio at the dates presented. The decrease in deposits compared to the prior year was mainly in non-maturity deposits, largely retail money market accounts, partially offset by increases in retail certificates of deposit and public unit certificates of deposit. The increase in the deposit portfolio rate during the current year period was due mainly to higher rates on money market accounts and retail certificates of deposit. 
 At September 30, 2023 2022 of of Amount Rate Total Amount Rate Total (Dollars in thousands) Non-interest-bearing checking 558,326 9.2 591,387 9.5 Interest-bearing checking 901,994 0.19 14.9 1,027,222 0.07 16.6 Savings 480,091 0.12 7.9 552,743 0.06 8.9 Money market 1,380,617 1.96 22.8 1,819,761 0.47 29.4 Retail certificates of deposit 2,533,954 3.47 41.9 2,073,542 1.34 33.5 Commercial certificates of deposit 48,751 3.56 0.8 36,275 0.97 0.6 Public unit certificates of deposit 147,487 4.44 2.5 93,936 1.61 1.5 6,051,220 2.07 100.0 6,194,866 0.63 100.0 
 
 As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, 789.0 million and 721.8 million, respectively, of our deposit portfolio was uninsured. Of the 789.0 million at September 30, 2023, 425.1 million related to commercial and retail deposit accounts and the remainder was mainly comprised of fully collateralized public unit deposits and intercompany accounts. The uninsured amounts are estimates based on the methodologies and assumptions used for the Bank's regulatory reporting requirements. 
 
 The following table sets forth the portion of the Bank's certificates of deposit portfolio, by account, that are in excess of the FDIC insurance limit, by remaining time until maturity, as of September 30, 2023 (dollars in thousands). 
 3 months or less 72,983 Over 3 through 6 months 53,884 Over 6 through 12 months 196,181 Over 12 months 197,993 521,041 

Borrowings. Total borrowings at September 30, 2023 were 2.88 billion, which was comprised of 2.02 billion in fixed-rate FHLB advances, 365.0 million in variable-rate advances tied to interest rate swaps, and 500.0 million in BTFP borrowings. The 747.0 million increase in borrowings from September 30, 2022 was due mainly to the new BTFP borrowings totaling 500.0 million with a term of one year and a rate of 4.70 . During the current and prior year, the Bank utilized the leverage strategy, as discussed in the "Executive Summary" section above. These borrowings were repaid prior to September 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 37 

The following table presents the maturity of term borrowings, which consist of FHLB advances and BTFP borrowings, along with associated weighted average contractual and effective rates as of September 30, 2023. Amortizing FHLB advances are presented based on their maturity dates versus their quarterly scheduled repayment dates. 
 Maturity by Contractual Effective Fiscal Year Amount Rate Rate (1) 
 (Dollars in thousands) 2024 990,000 4.30 3.79 2025 650,000 3.30 2.96 2026 575,000 2.81 2.95 2027 437,500 3.02 3.13 2028 230,328 4.94 3.91 2,882,828 3.63 3.34 
 
 (1) The effective rate includes the impact of interest rate swaps and the amortization of deferred prepayment penalties resulting from FHLB advances previously prepaid. 
 
 The following table presents borrowing activity for the periods shown. The borrowings presented in the table have original contractual terms of one year or longer or are tied to interest rate swaps with original contractual terms of one year or longer, and line of credit borrowings are excluded. The effective rate is shown as a weighted average and includes the impact of interest rate swaps and the amortization of deferred prepayment penalties resulting from FHLB advances previously prepaid. The weighted average maturity ("WAM") is the remaining weighted average contractual term in years. The beginning and ending WAMs represent the remaining maturity at each date presented. For new borrowings, the WAMs presented are as of the date of issue. The new FHLB borrowings added during the current year had a WAM of 3.2 years, which is generally a shorter term than what management has selected in prior periods. During the current year, management periodically paid off BTFP borrowings and borrowed new BTFP funds to take advantage of lower interest rates. Because of these transactions, BTFP activity is presented on a net basis in the table below. 
 For the Year Ended September 30, 2023 2022 Effective Effective Amount Rate WAM Amount Rate WAM (Dollars in thousands) Beginning balance 2,062,500 2.44 2.5 1,590,000 1.88 3.3 Maturities and repayments (329,672) 2.01 (177,500) 1.94 New FHLB borrowings 650,000 4.47 3.2 650,000 3.68 3.7 BTFP, net 500,000 4.70 1.0 Ending balance 2,882,828 3.34 1.8 2,062,500 2.44 2.5 
 38 

Maturities of Interest-Bearing Liabilities. The following table presents the maturity and weighted average repricing rate, which is also the weighted average effective rate, of certificates of deposit, split between retail/commercial and public unit amounts, and non-amortizing term borrowings for the next four quarters as of September 30, 2023. 
 December 31, March 31, June 30, September 30, 2023 2024 2024 2024 Total (Dollars in thousands) Retail/Commercial Certificates: Amount 264,988 270,160 409,119 423,970 1,368,237 Repricing Rate 2.60 2.89 3.84 4.37 3.58 Public Unit Certificates: Amount 42,718 16,750 30,420 31,898 121,786 Repricing Rate 4.30 4.29 4.42 4.61 4.41 Term Borrowings: Amount 150,000 65,000 600,000 175,000 990,000 Repricing Rate 3.42 2.70 4.25 2.92 3.79 Total Amount 457,706 351,910 1,039,539 630,868 2,480,023 Repricing Rate 3.03 2.93 4.09 3.98 3.70 
 
 The following table sets forth the WAM information for our certificates of deposit, in years, as of September 30, 2023. 
 Retail certificates of deposit 1.3 Commercial certificates of deposit 1.0 Public unit certificates of deposit 0.6 Total certificates of deposit 1.2 

Stockholders' Equity. Stockholders' equity totaled 1.04 billion at September 30, 2023. During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company paid cash dividends totaling 83.2 million. These cash dividends totaled 0.62 per share and consisted of a 0.28 per share cash true-up dividend related to fiscal year 2022 earnings and four regular quarterly cash dividends of 0.085 per share. On October 24, 2023, the Company announced a regular quarterly cash dividend of 0.085 per share, or approximately 11.3 million, payable on November 17, 2023 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on November 3, 2023. 
 
 In conjunction with the securities strategy, the 192.6 million unrealized loss at September 30, 2023 associated with the 1.30 billion of AFS securities that management intended to sell, was recognized in income during the current year. Since the securities were classified as AFS, the unrealized loss was already reflected in stockholders' equity within AOCI. Therefore, the recognition of the unrealized loss in income in the current year did not impact stockholders' equity. See "Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 15. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income" for additional information on AOCI. 
 
 Consistent with our goal to operate a sound and profitable financial organization, we actively seek to maintain a well-capitalized status for the Bank in accordance with regulatory standards. As of September 30, 2023, the Bank's capital ratios exceeded the well-capitalized requirements. As of September 30, 2023, the Bank also exceeded all internal policy thresholds for sensitivity to changes in interest rates, and the Bank's risk-based tier 1 capital ratio was 16.0 . See "Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 13. Regulatory Capital Requirements" for additional regulatory capital information. 
 
 39 

At September 30, 2023, Capitol Federal Financial, Inc., at the holding company level, had 83.4 million in cash on deposit at the Bank. For fiscal year 2024, it is the intention of the Board of Directors to pay out the regular quarterly cash dividend of 0.085 per share, totaling 0.34 per share for the year. To the extent that earnings in fiscal year 2024 exceed 0.34 per share, the Board of Directors will consider the payment of additional dividends. Dividend payments depend upon a number of factors including the Company's financial condition and results of operations, regulatory capital requirements, regulatory limitations on the Bank's ability to make capital distributions to the Company, and the amount of cash at the holding company level. 
 
 During the current year, the Company repurchased 2,979,753 shares of common stock at an average price of 7.87 per share. Subsequent to September 30, 2023 and through November 22, 2023, the Company repurchased 700,000 shares at an average price of 5.35 per share. There remains 17.5 million authorized under the existing stock repurchase plan for additional purchases of the Company's common stock. Shares may be repurchased from time to time based upon market conditions, available liquidity and other factors. This plan has no expiration date; however, the FRB of Kansas City's existing approval for the Company to repurchase shares expires in August 2024. 
 
 The following table presents regular quarterly cash dividends and special cash dividends paid in calendar years 2023, 2022, and 2021. The amounts represent cash dividends paid during each period. 
 Calendar Year 2023 2022 2021 Amount Per Share Amount Per Share Amount Per Share (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Regular quarterly dividends paid Quarter ended March 31 11,319 0.085 11,535 0.085 11,518 0.085 Quarter ended June 30 11,321 0.085 11,534 0.085 11,516 0.085 Quarter ended September 30 11,323 0.085 11,534 0.085 11,518 0.085 Quarter ended December 31 11,310 0.085 11,508 0.085 11,535 0.085 True-up dividends paid 37,701 0.280 29,850 0.220 True Blue Capitol dividends paid 27,143 0.200 54,210 0.400 Calendar year-to-date dividends paid 45,273 0.340 110,955 0.820 130,147 0.960 
 
 40 

Rate/Volume Analysis. The table below presents the dollar amount of changes in interest income and interest expense for major components of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, comparing fiscal years 2023 to 2022. For the comparison of fiscal years 2022 to 2021, see "Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. For each category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, information is provided on changes attributable to (1) changes in volume, which are changes in the average balance multiplied by the previous year's average rate, and (2) changes in rate, which are changes in the average rate multiplied by the average balance from the previous year. The net changes attributable to the combined impact of both rate and volume have been allocated proportionately to the changes due to volume and the changes due to rate. 
 For the Year Ended September 30, 2023 vs. 2022 Increase (Decrease) Due to Volume Rate Total (Dollars in thousands) Interest-earning assets: Loans receivable 25,441 26,115 51,556 MBS (3,123) 2,237 (886) Investment securities 11 286 297 FHLB stock 612 3,178 3,790 Cash and cash equivalents (8,706) 34,198 25,492 Total interest-earning assets 14,235 66,014 80,249 Interest-bearing liabilities: Checking (73) 825 752 Savings (10) 199 189 Money market (777) 15,625 14,848 Certificates of deposit (193) 32,215 32,022 Borrowings 14,664 57,096 71,760 Total interest-bearing liabilities 13,611 105,960 119,571 Net change in net interest income 624 (39,946) (39,322) 

41 

Average Balance Sheets . The following table presents the average balances of our assets, liabilities, and stockholders' equity, and the related weighted average yields and rates on our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities for the periods indicated. For fiscal year 2021 information, see "Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. Weighted average yields are derived by dividing annual income by the average balance of the related assets, and weighted average rates are derived by dividing annual expense by the average balance of the related liabilities, for the periods shown. Average outstanding balances are derived from average daily balances. The weighted average yields and rates include amortization of fees, costs, premiums and discounts, which are considered adjustments to yields/rates. Weighted average yields on tax-exempt securities are not calculated on a fully taxable equivalent basis. 
 For the Year Ended September 30, 2023 2022 Average Interest Average Interest Outstanding Earned/ Yield/ Outstanding Earned/ Yield/ Amount Paid Rate Amount Paid Rate Assets: (Dollars in thousands) Interest-earning assets: One- to four-family loans: Originated 4,047,209 135,873 3.36 3,985,267 129,392 3.25 Correspondent purchased 2,428,257 76,335 3.14 2,072,677 55,227 2.66 Bulk purchased 143,105 1,923 1.34 159,152 2,053 1.29 Total one- to four-family loans 6,618,571 214,131 3.24 6,217,096 186,672 3.00 Commercial loans 1,150,831 57,991 4.97 884,126 37,223 4.15 Consumer loans 103,016 7,965 7.73 93,544 4,636 4.96 Total loans receivable (1) 
 7,872,418 280,087 3.55 7,194,766 228,531 3.17 MBS (2) 
 1,150,013 18,520 1.61 1,354,080 19,406 1.43 Investment securities (2)(3) 
 524,919 3,565 0.68 523,170 3,268 0.62 FHLB stock (4) 
 157,925 13,821 8.75 149,236 10,031 6.72 Cash and cash equivalents (5) 
 998,793 43,796 4.32 1,562,274 18,304 1.16 Total interest-earning assets 10,704,068 359,789 3.35 10,783,526 279,540 2.59 Other non-interest-earning assets 263,713 343,311 Total assets 10,967,781 11,126,837 Liabilities and stockholders' equity: Interest-bearing liabilities: Checking 961,779 1,504 0.16 1,056,303 752 0.07 Savings 525,423 488 0.09 543,609 299 0.06 Money market 1,567,540 19,426 1.24 1,840,898 4,578 0.25 Retail certificates 2,266,740 54,724 2.41 2,203,452 27,664 1.26 Commercial certificates 40,258 993 2.47 103,865 666 0.64 Wholesale certificates 134,641 5,132 3.81 150,689 497 0.33 Total deposits 5,496,381 82,267 1.50 5,898,816 34,456 0.58 Borrowings (6) 
 3,658,015 124,250 3.38 3,288,348 52,490 1.58 Total interest-bearing liabilities 9,154,396 206,517 2.25 9,187,164 86,946 0.94 Non-interest-bearing deposits 562,023 573,954 Other non-interest-bearing liabilities 179,373 178,526 Stockholders' equity 1,071,989 1,187,193 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 10,967,781 11,126,837 Net interest income (7) 
 153,272 192,594 Net interest-earning assets 1,549,672 1,596,362 Net interest margin (8)(9) 
 1.43 1.79 Ratio of interest-earning assets to interest-bearing liabilities 1.17x 1.17x Operating expense ratio (10) 
 1.04 1.01 

42 

(1) Balances are adjusted for unearned loan fees and deferred costs. Loans that are 90 or more days delinquent are included in the loans receivable average balance with a yield of zero percent. 
 (2) AFS securities are adjusted for unamortized purchase premiums or discounts. 
 (3) The average balance of investment securities includes an average balance of nontaxable securities of 1.0 million and 1.7 million for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (4) Included in this line, for the years ended September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, respectively, is FHLB stock related to the leverage strategy with an average outstanding balance of 41.6 million and 71.0 million, respectively, dividend income of 3.6 million and 4.8 million, respectively, at a weighted average yield of 8.69 and 6.75 , respectively, and FHLB stock not related to the leverage strategy with an average outstanding balance of 116.3 million and 78.2 million, respectively, and dividend income of 10.2 million and 5.2 million, respectively, at a weighted average yield of 8.77 and 6.69 , respectively. 
 (5) The average balance of cash and cash equivalents includes an average balance of cash related to the leverage strategy of 882.8 million and 1.51 billion during the years ended September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, respectively. 
 (6) Included in this line, for the years ended September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, are FHLB borrowings related to the leverage strategy with an average outstanding balance of 924.4 million and 1.58 billion, respectively, and interest paid of 39.7 million and 18.5 million, respectively, at a weighted average rate of 4.24 and 1.15 , respectively, and borrowings not related to the leverage strategy with an average outstanding balance of 2.73 billion and 1.71 billion, respectively, and interest paid of 84.5 million and 34.0 million, respectively, at a weighted average rate of 3.08 and 1.98 , respectively. The FHLB advance amounts and rates included in this line item include the effect of interest rate swaps and are net of deferred prepayment penalties. 
 (7) Net interest income represents the difference between interest income earned on interest-earning assets and interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest income depends on the average balance of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, and the interest rates earned or paid on them. 
 (8) Net interest margin represents net interest income as a percentage of average interest-earning assets. 
 (9) The table below provides a reconciliation between performance measures presented in accordance with accounting standards generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") and the same performance measures excluding the effects of the leverage strategy and without the net loss on securities transactions associated with the securities strategy, which are not presented in accordance with GAAP. Management believes it is important for comparability purposes to provide the performance measures without the leverage strategy because of the unique nature of the leverage strategy and the net loss on securities transactions due to the non-recurring nature of the securities strategy. The Excluding Leverage Strategy (Non-GAAP) column and the Excluding Securities Strategy (Non-GAAP) column each begin with Actual (GAAP) before applying the respective strategy adjustments. The leverage strategy reduces some of our performance measures due to the amount of earnings associated with the transaction in comparison to the size of the transaction, while increasing our net income. The net loss on securities associated with the securities strategy is non-recurring, outside of the additional 13.3 million of pre-tax net loss that will be reported in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024 related to the sale of the securities in October 2023, and resulted in the Company reporting a net loss for fiscal year 2023. 
 For the Year Ended September 30, 2023 2022 Actual Leverage Excluding Leverage Strategy Securities Excluding Securities Strategy Actual Leverage Excluding Leverage Strategy (GAAP) Strategy (Non-GAAP) Strategy (Non-GAAP) (GAAP) Strategy (Non-GAAP) Yield on interest-earning assets 3.35 0.10 3.25 2.59 (0.19) 2.78 Cost of interest-bearing liabilities 2.25 0.23 2.02 0.94 0.04 0.90 Return on average assets (0.93) 0.09 (1.02) (1.33) 0.40 0.76 (0.09) 0.85 Return on average equity (9.48) 0.10 (9.58) (13.58) 4.10 7.11 0.26 6.85 Net interest margin 1.43 (0.12) 1.55 1.79 (0.25) 2.04 Efficiency Ratio (626.63) (53.24) (573.39) (691.94) 65.31 52.39 (0.87) 53.26 Earnings Per Share (0.76) (1.09) 0.33 
 
 (10) The operating expense ratio represents non-interest expense as a percentage of average assets. 
 43 

Comparison of Operating Results for the Years Ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 
 The Company recognized net loss of 101.7 million, or (0.76) per share, for the current year, compared to net income of 84.5 million, or 0.62 per share, for the prior year. The net loss for the current year resulted from the securities strategy, specifically, the recognition of the impairment loss on the securities sold in October 2023. Excluding the effects of the securities strategy, earnings per share would have been 0.33 for the current year. The decrease in earnings per share from the prior year, excluding the effects of the securities strategy, was due primarily to lower net interest income, along with recording a provision for credit losses of 6.8 million for the current year compared to a release of provision of 4.6 million for the prior year. The net interest margin decreased 36 basis points, from 1.79 for the prior year to 1.43 for the current year. Excluding the effects of the leverage strategy, the net interest margin decreased 49 basis points, from 2.04 for the prior year to 1.55 for the current year. The decrease in the net interest margin excluding the effects of the leverage strategy was due mainly to an increase in the cost of borrowings and deposits, which exceeded the increase in loan yields. 
 
 Interest and Dividend Income 
 The following table presents the components of interest and dividend income for the years presented, along with the change measured in dollars and percent. 
 For the Year Ended September 30, Change Expressed in: 2023 2022 Dollars Percent (Dollars in thousands) INTEREST AND DIVIDEND INCOME: Loans receivable 280,087 228,531 51,556 22.6 Cash and cash equivalents 43,796 18,304 25,492 139.3 MBS 18,520 19,406 (886) (4.6) FHLB stock 13,821 10,031 3,790 37.8 Investment securities 3,565 3,268 297 9.1 Total interest and dividend income 359,789 279,540 80,249 28.7 
 
 The increase in interest income on loans receivable was due to an increase in the weighted average yield on, and the average balance of, the loan portfolio. The increase in the average balance was mainly in the correspondent one-to four-family and commercial real estate loan portfolios. The increase in the weighted average yield was due primarily to originations and purchases at higher market yields, as well as disbursements on commercial construction loans at rates higher than the overall portfolio rate and upward repricing of existing adjustable-rate loans due to higher market interest rates. The increase in interest income on cash and cash equivalents was due to a higher yield on cash as a result of an increase in FRB interest rates. The increase in dividend income on FHLB stock was due mainly to a higher FHLB dividend rate compared to the prior fiscal year, along with an increase in the average balance of FHLB stock due to an increase in FHLB borrowings not associated with the leverage strategy. 
 Interest Expense 
 The following table presents the components of interest expense for the years presented, along with the change measured in dollars and percent. 
 For the Year Ended September 30, Change Expressed in: 2023 2022 Dollars Percent (Dollars in thousands) INTEREST EXPENSE: Borrowings 124,250 52,490 71,760 136.7 Deposits 82,267 34,456 47,811 138.8 Total interest expense 206,517 86,946 119,571 137.5 
 
 44 

The increase in interest expense on borrowings was due primarily to an increase in the average balance and weighted average rate on borrowings not associated with the leverage strategy, along with an increase in the weighted average rate on the borrowings associated with the leverage strategy compared to the prior year. Interest expense on borrowings not associated with the leverage strategy increased due to new borrowings added during the current year, at market interest rates higher than the overall portfolio rate, to replace maturing advances, meet deposit withdrawals, and fund other operational needs. Interest expense on borrowings associated with the leverage strategy increased 21.2 million compared to the prior year due to an increase in the weighted average rates paid on leverage strategy borrowings, partially offset by reduced usage in the current year compared to the prior year. The increase in interest expense on deposits was due to an increase in the weighted average rate paid on the deposit portfolio, primarily retail certificates of deposit and money market accounts. 
 
 Provision for Credit Losses 
 The Bank recorded a provision for credit losses during the current year of 6.8 million, compared to a release of provision of 4.6 million during the prior year. The provision for credit losses in the current year was comprised of a 7.5 million increase in the ACL for loans and a 656 thousand decrease in reserve for off-balance sheet credit exposures. The provision for credit losses associated with the ACL was due primarily to the outlook for worsening economic forecast conditions in the current year compared to the prior year, along with a reduction in the projected prepayment speeds used in the model for all loan categories. The release of provision for credit losses associated with the reserve for off-balance sheet credit exposures was due primarily to refining our methodology to account for the estimated credit losses on unfunded commercial construction-to-permanent loans and commitments for the time period after construction is expected to be completed. 
 
 Non-Interest Income 
 The following table presents the components of non-interest income for the years presented, along with the change measured in dollars and percent. 
 For the Year Ended September 30, Change Expressed in: 2023 2022 Dollars Percent (Dollars in thousands) NON-INTEREST INCOME: Deposit service fees 12,745 13,798 (1,053) (7.6) Insurance commissions 3,487 2,947 540 18.3 Net loss from securities transactions (192,622) (192,622) N/A Other non-interest income 4,935 6,085 (1,150) (18.9) Total non-interest income (171,455) 22,830 (194,285) (851.0) 
 
 The decrease in deposit service fees was due primarily to a change in the fee structure of certain deposit products after the digital transformation, an increase in debit card expenses, and waiving certain fees for several weeks after the digital transformation. The increase in insurance commissions was due primarily to annual contingent insurance commissions received being higher than anticipated and the related accrual adjustments, along with overall commissions being higher in the current year due mainly to growth and strong retention on personal policies and continued success growing our commercial policies. The net loss from securities transactions relates to the Bank's securities strategy discussed above. The decrease in other non-interest income was due mainly to gains on a loan-related financial derivative agreement included in the prior year, with no such market value gains in the current year, along with a decrease in income on bank-owned life insurance compared to the prior year due to a reduction in the yield and death benefits received during the current year. 
 45 

Non-Interest Expense 
 The following table presents the components of non-interest expense for the years presented, along with the change measured in dollars and percent. 
 For the Year Ended September 30, Change Expressed in: 2023 2022 Dollars Percent (Dollars in thousands) NON-INTEREST EXPENSE: Salaries and employee benefits 51,491 56,600 (5,109) (9.0) Information technology and related expense 23,425 18,311 5,114 27.9 Occupancy, net 14,236 14,370 (134) (0.9) Regulatory and outside services 6,039 6,192 (153) (2.5) Federal insurance premium 4,456 3,020 1,436 47.5 Advertising and promotional 4,305 5,178 (873) (16.9) Deposit and loan transaction costs 2,694 2,797 (103) (3.7) Office supplies and related expense 2,499 1,951 548 28.1 Other non-interest expense 4,789 4,432 357 8.1 Total non-interest expense 113,934 112,851 1,083 1.0 
 
 The decrease in salaries and employee benefits was attributable mainly to lower incentive compensation in the current year, along with a reduction in loan commissions due to lower loan origination activity, and an increase in capitalized payroll costs related to the digital transformation. The increase in information technology and related expenses was due mainly to third-party project management expenses associated with the digital transformation, along with higher software licensing expenses due to agreement renewals at higher costs and new agreements associated with the digital transformation. The decrease in advertising and promotional expense was due mainly to the timing of campaigns. The increase in federal insurance premium expense was due mainly to an increase in the FDIC assessment rate. The increase in office supplies and related expense was due primarily to an increase in postage, along with the write-off of the Bank's remaining inventory of unissued non-contactless debit cards, which have now become obsolete. The increase in other non-interest expense was due mainly to expenses associated with the collateral received on the Bank's interest rate swap agreements. 
 
 The Company's efficiency ratio was (626.63) for the current year compared to 52.39 for the prior year. Excluding the effects of the securities strategy, the efficiency ratio would have been 65.31 for the current year. The change in the efficiency ratio, excluding the securities strategy, was due primarily to lower net interest income. The efficiency ratio is a measure of a financial institution's total non-interest expense as a percentage of the sum of net interest income (pre-provision for credit losses) and non-interest income. A higher value generally indicates that it is costing the financial institution more money to generate revenue, relative to its net interest income and non-interest income. 

46 

Income Tax Expense 
 The following table presents pretax income, income tax expense, and net income for the years presented, along with the change measured in dollars and percent and effective tax rate. 
 For the Year Ended September 30, Change Expressed in: 2023 2022 Dollars Percent (Dollars in thousands) (Loss) income before income tax (benefit) expense (138,955) 107,203 (246,158) (229.6) Income tax (benefit) expense (37,296) 22,750 (60,046) (263.9) Net (loss) income (101,659) 84,453 (186,112) (220.4) Effective Tax Rate 26.8 21.2 
 
 The income tax benefit in the current year was a result of the pretax loss. The pretax loss, combined with the Company's permanent differences, contributed to the increase in the effective tax rate. Generally, the Company's permanent differences lower the effective tax rate when the Company has pretax income and tax expense, but as a result of the current year pretax loss, the Company's permanent differences have the impact of raising the effective tax rate. 
 
 Fiscal Year 2024 Outlook 
 Salaries and employee benefits expense is expected to be 5 million higher in fiscal year 2024 as compared to fiscal year 2023 due to an anticipated increase in incentive compensation, merit increases, the filling of vacant positions, and a reduction in capitalized payroll costs which were related to the digital transformation in fiscal year 2023. Information technology and related expenses are anticipated to be 3 million lower in fiscal year 2024 as compared to fiscal year 2023 due to a reduction in professional services costs related to the digital transformation. Now that the digital transformation is complete, these professional services are no longer necessary. Income from deposit service fees is anticipated to be approximately 1 million lower in fiscal year 2024 as compared to fiscal year 2023 due to changes in the fee structure of certain deposit products after the digital transformation, which is in line with industry trends. In the first quarter of fiscal year 2024, 13.3 million of net pre-tax losses will be recognized on the sale of securities in October 2023. Management anticipates the effective tax rate for fiscal year 2024 will be approximately 19 to 20 . 
 
 Comparison of Operating Results for the Years Ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 
 For this discussion, see "Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Comparison of Operating Results for the Years Ended September 30, 2022 and 2021" in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Liquidity refers to our ability to generate sufficient cash to fund ongoing operations, to repay maturing certificates of deposit and other deposit withdrawals, to repay maturing borrowings, and to fund loan commitments. Liquidity management is both a daily and long-term function of our business management. The Company's most available liquid assets are represented by cash and cash equivalents and AFS securities. The Bank's primary sources of funds are deposits, FHLB borrowings, repayments and maturities of outstanding loans and MBS and other short-term investments, and funds provided by operations. The Bank's long-term borrowings primarily have been used to manage long-term liquidity needs and the Bank's interest rate risk with the intention to improve the earnings of the Bank while maintaining capital ratios that meet or exceed the regulatory standards for well-capitalized financial institutions. In addition, the Bank's focus on managing risk has provided additional liquidity capacity by maintaining a balance of MBS and investment securities available as collateral for borrowings. 
 
 We generally intend to manage cash reserves sufficient to meet short-term liquidity needs, which are routinely forecasted for 10, 30, and 365 days. Additionally, on a monthly basis, we perform a liquidity stress test in accordance with the Interagency Policy Statement on Funding and Liquidity Risk Management. The liquidity stress test incorporates both short-term and long-term liquidity scenarios in order to identify and to quantify liquidity risk. Management also monitors key liquidity 
 47 

statistics related to items such as wholesale funding gaps, borrowings capacity, and available unpledged collateral, as well as various liquidity ratios. 
 
 In the event short-term liquidity needs exceed available cash, the Bank has access to a line of credit at the FHLB in addition to the FRB of Kansas City's discount window, as well as the BTFP through March 2024. Per FHLB's lending guidelines, total FHLB borrowings cannot exceed 40 of Bank Call Report total assets without the pre-approval of FHLB senior management. The Bank's FHLB borrowing limit was 50 of Bank Call Report total assets as of September 30, 2023, as approved by the president of FHLB. FHLB borrowings are secured by certain qualifying loans pursuant to a blanket collateral agreement with FHLB. When the leverage strategy is in place, the Bank maintains the resulting excess cash reserves from the FHLB borrowings at the FRB of Kansas City, which can be used to meet any short-term liquidity needs. Additionally, FHLB borrowings may exceed 40 of Bank Call Report total assets if the Bank continues its leverage strategy and FHLB senior management continues to approve the Bank's borrowing limit being in excess of 40 of Call Report total assets. All or a portion of the short-term FHLB borrowings in conjunction with the leverage strategy can be repaid at maturity, if necessary or desired. The amount that can be borrowed from the FRB of Kansas City's discount window is based upon the fair value of securities pledged as collateral. Management tests the Bank's access to the FRB of Kansas City's discount window annually with a nominal overnight borrowing. The amount that can be borrowed under the BTFP is based upon the par value of securities pledged as collateral, the term can be up to one year in length, and the borrowings can be prepaid without penalty. At September 30, 2023, the amount of securities pledged for the discount window and BTFP was 516.0 million, at par. 
 
 If management observes unusual trends in the amount and frequency of line of credit utilization and/or short-term borrowings that is not in conjunction with a planned strategy, such as the leverage strategy, the Bank will likely utilize long-term wholesale borrowing sources such as FHLB advances and/or repurchase agreements to provide long-term, fixed-rate funding. The maturities of these long-term borrowings are generally staggered in order to mitigate the risk of a highly negative cash flow position at maturity. The Bank's internal policy limits total borrowings to 55 of total assets. At September 30, 2023, the Bank had total borrowings, at par, of 2.88 billion, or approximately 28 of total assets. The borrowings balance was composed of 2.38 billion of FHLB advances and 500.0 million related to the BTFP. Of this amount, 990.0 million is scheduled to mature in the next 12 months. Management estimated that the Bank had 2.71 billion in additional liquidity available at September 30, 2023 based on the Bank's blanket collateral agreement with FHLB and unencumbered securities. 
 
 At September 30, 2023, the Bank had no repurchase agreements. The Bank may enter into repurchase agreements as management deems appropriate, not to exceed 15 of total assets, and subject to the total borrowings internal policy limit of 55 as discussed above. 
 
 The Bank could utilize the repayment and maturity of outstanding loans, MBS, and other investments for liquidity needs rather than reinvesting such funds into the related portfolios. The Bank has access to other sources of funds for liquidity purposes, such as brokered and public unit certificates of deposit. As of September 30, 2023, the Bank's policy allowed for combined brokered and public unit certificates of deposit up to 15 of total deposits. At September 30, 2023, the Bank did not have any brokered certificates of deposit and public unit certificates of deposit were approximately 2 of total deposits. The Bank had pledged securities with an estimated fair value of 178.4 million as collateral for public unit certificates of deposit at September 30, 2023. The securities pledged as collateral for public unit certificates of deposit are held under joint custody with FHLB and generally will be released upon deposit maturity. 
 
 At September 30, 2023, 1.49 billion of the Bank's certificate of deposit portfolio was scheduled to mature within the next 12 months, including 121.8 million of public unit certificates of deposit and 32.8 million of commercial certificates of deposit. Based on our deposit retention experience and our current pricing strategy, we anticipate the majority of the maturing retail certificates of deposit will renew or transfer to other deposit products of the Bank at prevailing rates, although no assurance can be given in this regard. Due to the nature of public unit certificates of deposit and commercial certificates of deposit, retention rates are not as predictable as for retail certificates of deposit. 
 
 The Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of customers. These financial instruments consist primarily of commitments to originate, purchase, or participate in loans or fund lines of credit. Additionally, the Company has investments in several low-income housing partnerships and, under the terms of the agreements, the Company has a commitment to fund a specified amount that will be due in installments over the life of the agreements. See "Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 48 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 6. Low Income Housing Partnerships and Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies" for additional information regarding these commitments. 
 
 While scheduled payments from the amortization of loans and MBS and payments on short-term investments are relatively predictable sources of funds, deposit flows, prepayments on loans and MBS, and calls of investment securities are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions, and competition, and are less predictable sources of funds. To the extent possible, the Bank manages the cash flows of its loan and deposit portfolios by the rates it offers customers. We anticipate we will continue to have sufficient funds, through the repayments and maturities of loans and securities, deposits and borrowings, to meet our current commitments. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Asset and Liability Management and Market Risk 
 
 The rates of interest the Bank earns on its assets and pays on its liabilities are generally established contractually for a period of time. Fluctuations in interest rates have a significant impact not only upon our net income, but also upon the cash flows and market values of our financial assets and liabilities. Our results of operations, like those of other financial institutions, are impacted by changes in interest rates and the interest rate sensitivity of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Risk associated with changes in interest rates on the earnings of the Bank and the market value of its financial assets and liabilities is known as interest rate risk. Interest rate risk is our most significant market risk, and our ability to adapt to changes in interest rates is known as interest rate risk management. 
 
 The general objective of our interest rate risk management program is to determine and manage an appropriate level of interest rate risk while maximizing net interest income in a manner consistent with our policy to manage, to the extent practicable, the exposure of net interest income to changes in market interest rates. The Board of Directors and Asset and Liability Management Committee ("ALCO") regularly review the Bank's interest rate risk exposure by forecasting the impact of hypothetical, alternative interest rate environments on net interest income and the market value of portfolio equity ("MVPE") at various dates. The MVPE is defined as the net of the present value of cash flows from existing assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet instruments. The present values are determined based upon market conditions as of the date of the analysis, as well as in alternative interest rate environments providing potential changes in the MVPE under those alternative interest rate environments. Net interest income is projected in the same alternative interest rate environments with both a static balance sheet and with management strategies considered. The MVPE and net interest income analyses are also conducted to estimate our sensitivity to rates for future time horizons based upon market conditions as of the date of the analysis. The MVPE ratio continues to be an important measurement for management as we consider the changes in market interest rates, liquidity needs and portfolio balances. MVPE represents a long-term view of the interest sensitivity of the Bank's balance sheet while our net interest income projections inform management of the short-term impacts of pricing decisions. In addition to the interest rate environments presented below, management also reviews the impact of non-parallel rate shock scenarios on a quarterly basis. These scenarios consist of flattening and steepening the yield curve by changing short-term and long-term interest rates independent of each other, and simulating cash flows and determining valuations as a result of these hypothetical changes in interest rates to identify rate environments that pose the greatest risk to the Bank. This analysis helps management quantify the Bank's exposure to changes in the shape of the yield curve. 
 
 General assumptions used by management to evaluate the sensitivity of our financial performance to changes in interest rates presented in the tables below are utilized in, and set forth under, the gap table and related notes. Although management finds these assumptions reasonable, the interest rate sensitivity of our assets and liabilities and the estimated effects of changes in interest rates on our net interest income and MVPE indicated in the below tables could vary substantially if different assumptions were used or actual experience differs from these assumptions. To illustrate this point, the projected cumulative excess (deficiency) of interest-earning assets over interest-bearing liabilities within the next 12 months as a percent of total assets ("one-year gap") is also provided for an up 200 basis point scenario, as of September 30, 2023. 
 
 49 

Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 
 
 Gap Table. The following gap table summarizes the anticipated maturities or repricing periods of the Bank's interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities based on the information and assumptions set forth in the notes below. Cash flow projections for mortgage-related assets are calculated based in part on prepayment assumptions at current and projected interest rates. Prepayment projections are subjective in nature, involve uncertainties and assumptions and, therefore, cannot be determined with a high degree of accuracy. Although certain assets and liabilities may have similar maturities or periods to repricing, they may react differently to changes in market interest rates. Assumptions may not reflect how actual yields and costs respond to market interest rate changes. The interest rates on certain types of assets and liabilities may fluctuate in advance of changes in market interest rates, while interest rates on other types of assets and liabilities may lag behind changes in market interest rates. Certain assets, such as adjustable-rate loans, have features that restrict changes in interest rates on a short-term basis and over the life of the asset. In the event of a change in interest rates, prepayment rates would likely deviate significantly from those assumed in calculating the gap table below. A positive gap generally means more cash flows from assets are expected to reprice than cash flows from liabilities and suggests in a rising rate environment, that net interest income should increase. A negative gap generally means more cash flows from liabilities are expected to reprice than cash flows from assets and suggests, in a rising rate environment, that net interest income should decrease. For additional information regarding the impact of changes in interest rates, see the following Change in Net Interest Income and Change in MVPE discussions and tables. 
 More Than More Than Within One Year to Three Years Over One Year Three Years to Five Years Five Years Total Interest-earning assets: (Dollars in thousands) Loans receivable (1) 
 1,432,766 1,764,668 1,405,268 3,383,068 7,985,770 Securities (2) 
 341,362 648,456 195,313 200,861 1,385,992 Other interest-earning assets 213,967 213,967 Total interest-earning assets 1,988,095 2,413,124 1,600,581 3,583,929 9,585,729 Interest-bearing liabilities: Non-maturity deposits (3) 
 653,670 407,782 351,235 1,991,741 3,404,428 Certificates of deposit 1,499,018 1,037,730 193,262 182 2,730,192 Borrowings (4) 
 1,021,214 1,287,580 582,261 26,046 2,917,101 Total interest-bearing liabilities 3,173,902 2,733,092 1,126,758 2,017,969 9,051,721 Excess (deficiency) of interest-earning assets over interest-bearing liabilities (1,185,807) (319,968) 473,823 1,565,960 534,008 Cumulative excess (deficiency) of interest-earning assets over interest-bearing liabilities (1,185,807) (1,505,775) (1,031,952) 534,008 Cumulative excess (deficiency) of interest-earning assets over interest-bearing liabilities as a percent of total Bank assets at: September 30, 2023 (11.7) (14.8) (10.1) 5.3 September 30, 2022 (11.9) Cumulative one-year gap - interest rates +200 bps at: September 30, 2023 (11.9) September 30, 2022 (12.1) 
 
 50 

(1) Adjustable-rate loans are included in the period in which the rate is next scheduled to adjust or in the period in which repayments are expected to occur, or prepayments are expected to be received, prior to their next rate adjustment, rather than in the period in which the loans are due. Fixed-rate loans are included in the periods in which they are scheduled to be repaid, based on scheduled amortization and prepayment assumptions. Balances are net of undisbursed amounts and deferred fees and exclude loans 90 or more days delinquent or in foreclosure. 
 (2) MBS reflect projected prepayments at amortized cost. All other securities are presented based on contractual maturities, term to call dates or pre-refunding dates as of September 30, 2023, at amortized cost. 
 (3) Although the Bank's checking, savings, and money market accounts are subject to immediate withdrawal, management considers a substantial amount of these accounts to be core deposits having significantly longer effective maturities. The decay rates (the assumed rates at which the balances of existing accounts decline) used on these accounts is based on assumptions developed from our actual experiences with these accounts. If all of the Bank's checking, savings, and money market accounts had been assumed to be subject to repricing within one year, interest-bearing liabilities which were estimated to mature or reprice within one year would have exceeded interest-earning assets with comparable characteristics by 3.94 billion, for a cumulative one-year gap of (38.7) of total assets. 
 (4) Borrowings exclude deferred prepayment penalty costs. Included in this line item are 365.0 million of FHLB adjustable-rate advances tied to interest rate swaps. The repricing for these liabilities is projected to occur at the maturity date of each interest rate swap. 
 
 At September 30, 2023, the Bank's gap between the amount of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities projected to reprice within one year was (1.19) billion, or (11.7) of total assets, compared to (1.14) billion, or (11.9) of total assets, at September 30, 2022. The change in the one-year gap amount was due primarily to an increase in the amount of liability cash flows coming due in one year at September 30, 2023 compared to September 30, 2022, partially offset by an increase in the amount of asset cash flows coming due for the same time period. This was due primarily to an increase in the amount of certificates of deposit and borrowings scheduled to mature within one year as of September 30, 2023 compared to September 30, 2022. 
 
 The majority of interest-earning assets anticipated to reprice in the coming year are repayments and prepayments on one- to four-family loans and MBS, both of which include the option to prepay without a fee being paid by the contract holder. The amount of interest-bearing liabilities expected to reprice in a given period is not typically impacted significantly by changes in interest rates, because the Bank's borrowings and certificate of deposit portfolios have contractual maturities and generally cannot be terminated early without a prepayment penalty. If interest rates were to increase 200 basis points, as of September 30, 2023, the Bank's one-year gap is projected to be (1.21) billion, or (11.9) of total assets. This compares to a one-year gap of (1.17) billion, or (12.1) of total assets, if interest rates were to have increased 200 basis points as of September 30, 2022. 
 
 Change in Net Interest Income. The Bank's net interest income projections are a reflection of the response to interest rates of assets and liabilities that are expected to mature or reprice over the next year. Repricing occurs as a result of cash flows that are received or paid on assets or due on liabilities which would be replaced at then current market interest rates or on adjustable-rate products that reset during the next year. The Bank's borrowings and certificate of deposit portfolios have stated maturities and the cash flows related to the Bank's liabilities do not generally fluctuate as a result of changes in interest rates. Cash flows from mortgage-related assets and callable agency debentures can vary significantly as a result of changes in interest rates. As interest rates decrease, borrowers have an economic incentive to lower their cost of debt by refinancing or endorsing their mortgage to a lower interest rate. Similarly, agency debt issuers are more likely to exercise embedded call options for agency securities and issue new securities at a lower interest rate. 
 
 For each date presented in the following table, the estimated change in the Bank's net interest income is based on the indicated instantaneous, parallel and permanent change in interest rates. The change in each interest rate environment represents the difference between estimated net interest income in the zero basis point interest rate environment ("base case," assumes the forward market and product interest rates implied by the yield curve are realized) and the estimated net interest income in each alternative interest rate environment (assumes market and product interest rates have a parallel shift in rates across all maturities by the indicated change in rates). Projected cash flows for each scenario are based upon varying prepayment assumptions in an effort to model anticipated customer behavior changes as market rates change. Estimations of net interest income used in preparing the table below were based upon the assumptions that the total composition of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities does not change materially and that any repricing of assets or liabilities occurs at anticipated product and market rates for the alternative rate environments as of the dates presented. The estimation of net interest income does not include any projected gains or losses related to the sale of loans or securities, or income derived from non-interest income sources, but does include the use of different prepayment assumptions in the alternative interest rate 
 51 

environments. It is important to consider that estimated changes in net interest income are for a cumulative four-quarter period. These do not reflect the earnings expectations of management. 
 Change Net Interest Income At September 30, (in Basis Points) 2023 2022 in Interest Rates (1) 
 Amount ) Change ) Change ) Amount ) Change ) Change ) (Dollars in thousands) -200 bp 126,495 (6,963) (5.2) 182,458 (775) (0.4) -100 bp 130,374 (3,084) (2.3) 183,363 130 0.1 000 bp 133,458 183,233 +100 bp 136,147 2,689 2.0 182,737 (496) (0.3) +200 bp 138,804 5,346 4.0 182,081 (1,152) (0.6) +300 bp 141,494 8,036 6.0 181,394 (1,839) (1.0) 
 
 (1) Assumes an instantaneous, parallel, and permanent change in interest rates at all maturities. 
 The net interest income projection was lower in the base case scenario at September 30, 2023 compared to September 30, 2022 due primarily to higher interest expense projections on the Bank's liabilities compared to the increase in the interest income projections on the Bank's assets. This was primarily driven by faster increases in the cost of liabilities during fiscal year 2023, compared to the increase in asset yields. The increase in the cost of liabilities was due mainly to an increase in the balance and rate of the certificate of deposit portfolio, an increase in the rates paid on money market accounts, and an increase in the balance of higher-costing borrowings during the current year. This was partially offset by higher projected income on loans receivable due to a higher balance and yield on the portfolio compared to September 30, 2022. 
 
 In the rising and declining interest rate scenarios, the variability of net interest income projections has become more significant due to the composition of the balance sheet and the elevated interest rate environment. At September 30, 2023, the Bank's balance of cash and cash equivalents was 245.6 million with an average yield of 4.70 compared to a balance of 49.2 million with an average yield of 1.75 at September 30, 2022. As a result, in each interest rate scenario, there was a greater impact on net interest income at September 30, 2023 compared to September 30, 2022 due to the higher cash balance. Additionally, due to compositional changes in the Bank's deposit portfolio between periods (increase in certificates of deposit and decrease in non-maturity deposits), the impact from instantaneous, parallel and permanent changes in the various interest rate scenarios was less pronounced at September 30, 2023. More generally, however, increases in net interest income in the rising rate scenarios are due to the degree to which loan repayments that are projected to reprice upward are greater than the projected increase in deposit rates in the next 12 months. In the declining rate scenarios, loan repayments are repriced at rates that do not fully offset the higher cost of liabilities that are expected to reprice in the next 12 months. 
 
 Change in MVPE. Changes in the estimated market values of our financial assets and liabilities drive changes in estimates of MVPE. The market value of an asset or liability reflects the present value of all the projected cash flows over its remaining life, discounted at market interest rates. As interest rates rise, generally the market value for both financial assets and liabilities decrease. The opposite is generally true as interest rates fall. The MVPE represents the theoretical market value of capital that is calculated by netting the market value of assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet instruments. If the market values of financial assets increase at a faster pace than the market values of financial liabilities, or if the market values of financial liabilities decrease at a faster pace than the market values of financial assets, the MVPE will increase. The market value of shorter term-to-maturity financial instruments is less sensitive to changes in interest rates than are longer term-to-maturity financial instruments. Because of this, the market values of our certificates of deposit (which generally have relatively shorter average lives) tend to display less sensitivity to changes in interest rates than do our mortgage-related assets (which generally have relatively longer average lives). The average life expected on our mortgage-related assets varies under different interest rate environments because borrowers have the ability to prepay their mortgage loans. Therefore, as interest rates decrease, the WAL of mortgage-related assets decrease as well. As interest rates increase, the WAL would be expected to increase, as well as increasing the sensitivity of these assets in higher rate environments. 
 
 52 

The following table sets forth the estimated change in the MVPE for each date presented based on the indicated instantaneous, parallel, and permanent change in interest rates. The change in each interest rate environment represents the difference between the MVPE in the base case (assumes the forward market interest rates implied by the yield curve are realized) and the MVPE in each alternative interest rate environment (assumes market interest rates have a parallel shift in rates). Projected cash flows for each scenario are based upon varying prepayment assumptions to model anticipated customer behavior as market rates change. The estimations of the MVPE used in preparing the table below were based upon the assumptions that the total composition of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities does not change, that any repricing of assets or liabilities occurs at current product or market rates for the alternative rate environments as of the dates presented, and that different prepayment rates were used in each alternative interest rate environment. The estimated MVPE results from the valuation of cash flows from financial assets and liabilities over the anticipated lives of each for each interest rate environment. The table below presents the effects of the changes in interest rates on our assets and liabilities as they mature, repay, or reprice, as shown by the change in the MVPE for alternative interest rates. 
 Change Market Value of Portfolio Equity At September 30, (in Basis Points) 2023 2022 in Interest Rates (1) 
 Amount ) Change ) Change ) Amount ) Change ) Change ) (Dollars in thousands) -200 bp 1,302,781 283,093 27.8 1,299,340 404,353 45.2 -100 bp 1,145,404 125,716 12.3 1,024,167 129,180 14.4 000 bp 1,019,688 894,987 +100 bp 888,642 (131,046) (12.9) 759,165 (135,822) (15.2) +200 bp 757,870 (261,818) (25.7) 625,864 (269,123) (30.1) +300 bp 632,716 (386,972) (38.0) 500,730 (394,257) (44.1) 
 
 (1) Assumes an instantaneous, parallel, and permanent change in interest rates at all maturities. 
 
 The percentage change in the Bank's MVPE at both September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022 was negative in all rising interest rate scenarios. The Bank's MVPE increased from 895.0 million at September 30, 2022 to 1.02 billion at September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily a result of refinements made during the current year in calculating the estimated fair value of the Bank's balance sheet; specifically, related to the treatment of unrealized gains and losses associated with its AFS securities portfolio. Previously, at September 30, 2022, net unrealized losses associated with the Bank's AFS securities portfolio were included in both the calculation of the estimated market value of assets and the estimated market value of securities. Unrealized gains and losses associated with the Bank's AFS securities portfolio are now only reflected in the estimated market value of its securities. 
 
 As interest rates increase, borrowers have less economic incentive to prepay or to refinance their mortgages and agency debt issuers have less economic incentive or opportunity to exercise their call options in order to issue new debt at lower interest rates, resulting in lower projected cash flows on these assets. As interest rates increase in the rising interest rate scenarios, prepayments on mortgage-related assets are more likely to decrease and only be realized through significant changes in borrowers' lives such as divorce, death, job-related relocations, or other events as there is less economic incentive for borrowers to prepay their debt, resulting in an increase in the average life of mortgage-related assets. Similarly, call projections for the Bank's callable agency debentures decrease as interest rates rise, which results in cash flows related to these assets moving closer to the contractual maturity dates. The longer expected average lives of these assets increases the sensitivity of their market value to changes in interest rates. 
 
 In the increasing rate scenarios, the sensitivity reflects the negative impacts of rates on the value of the Bank's loan and securities portfolios more so than on its deposit and borrowings portfolios. In the decreasing interest rate scenarios, the Bank's MVPE increased due to a larger increase in the market value of the Bank's assets than the Bank's liabilities. This is because the Bank's mortgage-related assets continue to have a longer duration in these interest rate scenarios which results in greater sensitivity in market value as interest rates change. 
 
 53 

The following table presents the weighted average yields/rates and WALs (in years), after applying prepayment, call assumptions, and decay rates for our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities as of September 30, 2023. Yields presented for interest-earning assets include the amortization of fees, costs, premiums and discounts, which are considered adjustments to the yield. The interest rate presented for term borrowings is the effective rate, which includes the impact of interest rate swaps and the amortization of deferred prepayment penalties resulting from FHLB advances previously prepaid. The WAL presented for term borrowings includes the effect of interest rate swaps. 
 Amount Yield/Rate WAL of Category of Total (Dollars in thousands) Securities 1,384,482 1.35 4.2 14.3 Loans receivable: Fixed-rate one- to four-family 5,605,281 3.29 6.9 70.2 57.6 Fixed-rate commercial 456,087 4.44 3.1 5.7 4.7 All other fixed-rate loans 78,005 4.48 7.3 1.0 0.8 Total fixed-rate loans 6,139,373 3.39 6.7 76.9 63.1 Adjustable-rate one- to four-family 916,660 3.73 4.5 11.5 9.4 Adjustable-rate commercial 831,400 5.92 7.6 10.4 8.5 All other adjustable-rate loans 96,948 8.26 3.1 1.2 1.0 Total adjustable-rate loans 1,845,008 4.95 5.8 23.1 18.9 Total loans receivable 7,984,381 3.75 6.5 100.0 82.0 FHLB stock 110,714 9.22 2.1 1.2 Cash and cash equivalents 245,605 4.70 2.5 Total interest-earning assets 9,725,182 3.50 5.9 100.0 Non-maturity deposits 2,762,702 1.06 6.7 50.3 33.0 Retail certificates of deposit 2,533,954 3.47 1.3 46.1 30.2 Commercial certificates of deposit 48,751 3.56 1.0 0.9 0.6 Public unit certificates of deposit 147,487 4.44 0.6 2.7 1.8 Total interest-bearing deposits 5,492,894 2.28 4.0 100.0 65.6 Term borrowings 2,882,828 3.34 1.8 34.4 Total interest-bearing liabilities 8,375,722 2.65 3.2 100.0 
 54 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Capitol Federal Financial, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Capitol Federal Financial, Inc. and subsidiary (the Company as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended September 30, 2023, of the Company and our report dated November 29, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 Kansas City, Missouri 
 November 29, 2023 
 55 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Capitol Federal Financial, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Capitol Federal Financial, Inc. and subsidiary (the "Company") as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated November 29, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses Refer to Notes 1 and 4 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The allowance for credit losses (ACL) is a valuation amount that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of loans, which represents management s current expectations of total expected credit losses included in the Company s loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date. In management s ACL model, average historical loss rates on loan pools with similar risk characteristics are compared to historical data and a correlation is estimated using regression analysis. Each quarter, the Company's ACL model pairs the results of the regression analysis with a third party provided economic forecast in order to project future loss rates for a reasonable and supportable time period before reverting back to long-term historical averages for each economic index. The forecast-adjusted loss rate is applied to the loans over their remaining contractual lives, adjusted for prepayments and curtailments. The ACL model generates aggregated estimated cash flows for the time period that remains in each loan's contractual life, which are discounted back to the reporting date using each loan's effective yield to arrive at a present value of future cash flows, which is compared to the amortized cost basis of the loan pool to determine the 
 56 

amount of ACL necessary. Management evaluates qualitative factors not included in historical loss rates, macroeconomic forecasts, or other model inputs and/or other ACL assumptions, considering risks related to loan portfolio attributes and external factors, and adjusts the modeled ACL as deemed appropriate based upon the assessment. 
 
 We identified the allowance for credit losses estimated by the third-party economic forecast and qualitative factor adjustments as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates and assumptions required by management in determining the ACL. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our credit specialists, when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s significant estimates and assumptions. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the ACL model included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the Company s ACL model including those over the determination of the qualitative adjustments and management s review of the adequacy of the ACL. 
 With the assistance of our credit specialists, we evaluated the appropriateness of the ACL model, data elements utilized in the ACL model such as portfolio segmentation into loan pools, forecast and reversion to mean time periods, and economic forecasts, and evaluated reasonableness of the use of qualitative factor adjustments to the outputs of the modeled ACL. 
 We evaluated the economic forecast used, including reasonableness and basis for the selected economic forecast by comparing to internal and external sources. 
 We evaluated the qualitative factor adjustments including reasonableness and basis for the adjustments which include market and economic conditions and/or portfolio performance metrics. 
 We reviewed independent economic statistics, such as common macroeconomic indicators as well as industry peers, and we used data analytics to identify changes in the loan portfolio to assess the completeness of management s qualitative adjustments. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 Kansas City, Missouri 
 November 29, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1974. 
 
 57 

CAPITOL FEDERAL FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 and 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 2023 2022 ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents (includes interest-earning deposits of and 
 Available-for-sale ("AFS") securities, at estimated fair value (amortized cost of and 
 Loans receivable, net (allowance for credit losses ("ACL") of and 
 Federal Home Loan Bank Topeka ("FHLB") stock, at cost Premises and equipment, net Income taxes receivable, net Deferred income tax assets, net Other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES: Deposits Borrowings Advances by borrowers Other liabilities Total liabilities STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued or outstanding 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Unearned compensation, Employee Stock Ownership Plan ("ESOP") ) ) Retained earnings ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ("AOCI"), net of tax ) Total stockholders' equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 58 

CAPITOL FEDERAL FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 2023 2022 2021 INTEREST AND DIVIDEND INCOME: Loans receivable Cash and cash equivalents Mortgage-backed securities ("MBS") FHLB stock Investment securities Total interest and dividend income INTEREST EXPENSE: Borrowings Deposits Total interest expense NET INTEREST INCOME PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES ) ) NET INTEREST INCOME AFTER PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES NON-INTEREST INCOME: Deposit service fees Insurance commissions Gain on sale of Visa Class B shares Net loss from securities transactions ) Other non-interest income Total non-interest income ) NON-INTEREST EXPENSE: Salaries and employee benefits Information technology and related expense Occupancy, net Regulatory and outside services Federal insurance premium Advertising and promotional Deposit and loan transaction costs Office supplies and related expense Loss on interest rate swap termination Other non-interest expense Total non-interest expense (LOSS) INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX (BENEFIT) EXPENSE ) INCOME TAX (BENEFIT) EXPENSE ) NET (LOSS) INCOME ) Basic (loss) earnings per share ("EPS") ) Diluted EPS ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 59 

CAPITOL FEDERAL FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Net (loss) income ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Unrealized gains (losses) on AFS securities arising during the period, net of taxes of ), , and 
 ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net losses on AFS securities included in net income, net of taxes of ), , and 
 Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges arising during the period, net of taxes of ), ), and ) 
 Reclassification adjustment for cash flow hedge amounts included in net income, net of taxes of , ), and ) 
 ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 60 

CAPITOL FEDERAL FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Additional Unearned Total Common Paid-In Compensation Retained Stockholders' Stock Capital ESOP Earnings AOCI Equity Balance at September 30, 2020 ) ) Cumulative effect of adopting Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2016-13 ) ) Net income, fiscal year 2021 Other comprehensive income, net of tax ESOP activity Restricted stock activity, net ) ) Stock-based compensation Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Stock options exercised Cash dividends to stockholders per share) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2021 ) ) Net income, fiscal year 2022 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ESOP activity Restricted stock activity, net ) ) Stock-based compensation Cash dividends to stockholders per share) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2022 ) ) Net loss, fiscal year 2023 ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax ESOP activity ) Stock-based compensation Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Cash dividends to stockholders per share) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 61 

CAPITOL FEDERAL FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: FHLB stock dividends ) ) ) Provision for credit losses ) ) Originations of loans receivable held-for-sale ("LHFS") ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of LHFS Amortization and accretion of premiums and discounts on securities Depreciation and amortization of premises and equipment Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of deferred amounts related to FHLB advances, net Common stock committed to be released for allocation - ESOP Stock-based compensation Provision for deferred income taxes ) ) Gain on the sale of Visa Class B shares ) Net loss from securities transactions Changes in: Unrestricted cash collateral from derivative counterparties, net Other assets, net Income taxes payable/receivable, net ) ) Other liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchase of AFS securities ) ) Proceeds from calls, maturities and principal reductions of AFS securities Proceeds from the redemption of FHLB stock Purchase of FHLB stock ) ) ) Net change in loans receivable ) ) Proceeds from sale of participating interest in loans receivable Purchase of premises and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned ("OREO") Proceeds from the sale of Visa Class B shares Proceeds from sale of assets held-for-sale Proceeds from bank-owned life insurance ("BOLI") death benefit Net cash (used in) investing activities ) ) ) (Continued) 
 62 

CAPITOL FEDERAL FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Net change in deposits ) ) Proceeds from borrowings Repayments on borrowings ) ) ) Change in advances by borrowers ) Payment of FHLB prepayment penalties ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Stock options exercised Net cash provided by financing activities NET INCREASE / (DECREASE) IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH ) ) CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH: Beginning of year End of year SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Income tax payments Interest payments See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. (Concluded) 
 63 

CAPITOL FEDERAL FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 

1. 
 traditional and in-store banking offices serving primarily the metropolitan areas of Topeka, Wichita, Lawrence, Manhattan, Emporia and Salina, Kansas and portions of the Kansas City metropolitan area. The Bank emphasizes mortgage lending, primarily originating and purchasing one- to four-family loans, and providing personal retail financial services, along with offering commercial banking and lending products. 
 
 Basis of Presentation - 
 
 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash - restricted cash included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2023 or September 30, 2022. See additional discussion regarding the interest rate swaps in "Note 8. Deposits and Borrowed Funds." 
 
 Net Presentation of Cash Flows Related to Borrowings - 
 
 Securities - 
 
 million and million at September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company excludes accrued interest from the amortized cost of securities and does not measure ACL for accrued interest. Interest accrued but not received is reversed against interest income. 
 
 Securities that management has the intention and ability to hold to maturity are classified as HTM and reported at amortized cost. Such securities are adjusted for the amortization of premiums and discounts which are recognized as adjustments to interest income over the life of the securities using the level-yield method. At September 30, 2023 and 2022, the portfolio did not contain any securities classified as HTM. 
 
 Securities that management may sell if necessary for liquidity or asset management purposes are classified as AFS and reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and non-credit losses reported as a component of AOCI within stockholders' equity, net of deferred income taxes. The amortization of premiums and discounts are recognized as adjustments to interest income over the life of the securities using the level-yield method. Gains or losses on the disposition of AFS securities are 
 64 

Allowance for Credit Losses on AFS Debt Securities - 
 
 ACL on AFS debt securities as of those dates. 
 
 Loans Receivable - 
 
 million and million at September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company does not calculate ACL for accrued interest. Interest accrued but not received is reversed against interest income. 
 
 Loan endorsements - Certain existing one- to four- family loan customers, including customers whose loans were purchased from a correspondent lender, have the opportunity, for a fee, to endorse their original loan terms to current loan terms being offered by the Bank, without being required to complete the standard application and underwriting process. The fee received for each endorsement is deferred and amortized as an adjustment to interest income over the life of the loan. If the change in loan terms resulting from the endorsement is deemed to be more than minor, all existing unamortized deferred loan origination fees and costs are recognized at the time of endorsement. If the change in loan terms is deemed to be minor, the fee received for the endorsement is added to the net remaining unamortized deferred fee or deferred cost balance. 
 
 Troubled debt restructurings - For borrowers experiencing financial difficulties, the Bank may grant a concession to the borrower. Such concessions generally involve extensions of loan maturity dates, the granting of periods during which reduced payment amounts are required, and/or reductions in interest rates. The Bank does not forgive principal or interest, nor does it commit to lend additional funds to these borrowers, except for situations generally involving the capitalization of delinquent interest and/or escrow on one- to four-family loans and consumer loans, not to exceed the original loan amount. 
 65 

Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans Receivable - 
 
 66 

Reserve for Off-Balance Sheet Credit Exposures - 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank Stock - 
 
 67 

Low Income Housing Partnerships - 
 
 Other Assets - 

Interest Rate Swaps - 
 68 

Income Taxes - 
 
 Employee Stock Ownership Plan - 
 
 Stock-based Compensation - 
 
 Trust Asset Management - 
 
 Revenue Recognition - 
 Segment Information - 
 
 69 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements - 

2.) Loss (Income) allocated to participating securities ) ) Net (loss) income available to common stockholders Total basic average common shares outstanding Effect of dilutive stock options Total diluted average common shares outstanding Net EPS: Basic ) Diluted ) Antidilutive stock options, excluded from the diluted average common shares outstanding calculation 
 70 

3. 
 GSE debentures Corporate bonds Municipal bonds 
 
 September 30, 2022 Gross Gross Estimated Amortized Unrealized Unrealized Fair Cost Gains Losses Value (Dollars in thousands) MBS GSE debentures Corporate bonds Municipal bonds 
 
 GSE debentures Corporate bonds 
 
 71 

GSE debentures Corporate bonds Municipal bonds 
 
 The unrealized losses at September 30, 2023 were a result of an increase in market yields from the time the securities were purchased. In general, as market yields rise, the fair value of securities will decrease; as market yields fall, the fair value of securities will increase. As of September 30, 2023, management intended to sell securities with an estimated fair value of billion; therefore an unrealized loss of million associated with those securities was recognized in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended September 30, 2023 as a net loss from securities transactions. Management did not record an ACL on the remaining securities in an unrealized loss position at September 30, 2023 because scheduled coupon payments have been made, management anticipates that the entire principal balance will be collected as scheduled, and neither does the Company intend to sell the securities, nor is it more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the securities before the recovery of the remaining amortized cost amount, which could be at maturity. 
 
 One year through five years Five years through ten years MBS 
 
 Non-taxable 
 
 72 

Public unit deposits FHLB advances 
 
 During fiscal year 2021, the Company sold its Visa Class B shares. The proceeds and realized gain related to the sale of the Visa Class B shares were each million. All other dispositions of securities during fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021 were the result of principal repayments, calls, or maturities. In October 2023, the Bank sold billion of AFS securities. The Bank received gross proceeds of billion from the sale and realized gross losses of million and gross gains of million, which will be reported in the Company's consolidated statement of income for fiscal year 2024. 
 73 

4. 
 
 Correspondent purchased Bulk purchased Construction Total Commercial: Commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Construction Total Consumer: Home equity Other Total Total loans receivable Less: ACL Deferred loan fees/discounts Premiums/deferred costs ) ) 
 
 As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, the Bank serviced loans for others aggregating million and million, respectively. Such loans are not included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Servicing loans for others generally consists of collecting mortgage payments, maintaining escrow accounts, disbursing payments to investors and foreclosure processing. Loan servicing income includes servicing fees withheld from investors and certain charges collected from borrowers, such as late payment fees. The Bank held borrowers' escrow balances on loans serviced for others of thousand and million as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Lending Practices and Underwriting Standards - Originating one- to four-family loans is the Bank's primary lending business. The Bank also purchases one- to four-family loans from correspondent lenders and originates consumer loans primarily secured by one- to four-family residential properties and originates and participates in commercial loans. The Bank has a loan concentration in one- to four-family loans and a geographic concentration of these loans in Kansas and Missouri. 
 
 One- to four-family loans - Full documentation to support an applicant's credit and income, and sufficient funds to cover all applicable fees and reserves at closing, are required on all loans. Properties securing one- to four-family loans are appraised by either staff appraisers or fee appraisers, both of which are independent of the loan origination function. 
 
 The underwriting standards for loans purchased from correspondent lenders are generally similar to the Bank's internal underwriting standards. The underwriting of loans purchased from correspondent lenders on a loan-by-loan basis is performed by the Bank's underwriters. 
 
 The Bank also originates owner-occupied construction-to-permanent loans secured by one- to four-family residential real estate. Construction draw requests and the supporting documentation are reviewed and approved by designated personnel. The Bank also performs regular documented inspections of the construction project to ensure the funds are being used for the intended purpose and the project is being completed according to the plans and specifications provided. 
 74 

of the appraised value of the property securing the loans and the minimum debt service coverage ratio is generally . For commercial construction loans, LTV ratios generally do not exceed of the projected appraised value of the property securing the loans and the minimum debt service coverage ratio is generally , but it applies to the projected cash flows, and the borrower must have successful experience with the construction and operation of properties similar to the subject property. Appraisals on properties securing these loans are performed by independent state certified fee appraisers. 
 
 The Bank's commercial and industrial loans are generally made in the Bank's market areas and are underwritten on the basis of the borrower's ability to service the debt from income. Working capital loans are primarily collateralized by short-term assets whereas term loans are primarily collateralized by long-term assets. In general, commercial and industrial loans involve more credit risk than commercial real estate loans due to the type of collateral securing commercial and industrial loans. As a result of these additional complexities, variables and risks, commercial and industrial loans require more thorough underwriting and servicing than other types of loans. 
 
 Consumer loans - The Bank offers a variety of consumer loans, the majority of which are home equity loans and lines of credit for which the Bank also has the first mortgage or the home equity line of credit is in the first lien position. The underwriting standards for consumer loans include a determination of an applicant's payment history on other debts and an assessment of an applicant's ability to meet existing obligations and payments on the proposed loan. Although creditworthiness of an applicant is a primary consideration, the underwriting process also includes a comparison of the value of the security in relation to the proposed loan amount. 
 
 Credit Quality Indicators - Based on the Bank's lending emphasis and underwriting standards, management has segmented the loan portfolio into three segments: (1) one- to four-family; (2) consumer; and (3) commercial. See discussion regarding the credit risks for these loan segments in "Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans Receivable." These segments are further divided into classes for purposes of providing disaggregated credit quality information about the loan portfolio. The classes are: one- to four-family - originated, one- to four-family - correspondent purchased, one- to four-family - bulk purchased, consumer - home equity, consumer - other, commercial - commercial real estate, and commercial - commercial and industrial. One- to four-family construction loans are included in the originated class and commercial construction loans are included in the commercial real estate class. As part of the on-going monitoring of the credit quality of the Company's loan portfolio, management tracks certain credit quality indicators including trends related to loan classification and delinquency status. 
 
 Loan Classification - In accordance with the Bank's asset classification policy, management regularly reviews the problem loans in the Bank's portfolio to determine whether any loans require classification. Loan classifications are defined as follows: 
 Special mention - These loans are performing loans on which known information about the collateral pledged or the possible credit problems of the borrower(s) have caused management to have doubts as to the ability of the borrower(s) to comply with present loan repayment terms and which may result in the future inclusion of such loans in the nonaccrual loan categories. 
 Substandard - A loan is considered substandard if it is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Substandard loans include those characterized by the distinct possibility the Bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
 Doubtful - Loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses present make collection or liquidation in full on the basis of currently existing facts and conditions and values highly questionable and improbable. 
 Loss - Loans classified as loss are considered uncollectible and of such little value that their continuance as assets on the books is not warranted. 
 
 75 

loans classified as doubtful, and all loans classified as loss were fully charged-off. 
 September 30, 2023 Revolving Line of Current Fiscal Fiscal Fiscal Fiscal Revolving Credit Fiscal Year Year Year Year Prior Line of Converted Year 2022 2021 2020 2019 Years Credit to Term Total (Dollars in thousands) One- to four-family: Originated Pass Special Mention Substandard Correspondent purchased Pass Special Mention Substandard Bulk purchased Pass Special Mention Substandard Commercial: Commercial real estate Pass Special Mention Substandard Commercial and industrial Pass Special Mention Substandard Consumer: Home equity Pass Special Mention Substandard Other Pass Special Mention Substandard Total 
 76 

Special Mention Substandard Correspondent purchased Pass Special Mention Substandard Bulk purchased Pass Special Mention Substandard Commercial: Commercial real estate Pass Special Mention Substandard Commercial and industrial Pass Special Mention Substandard Consumer: Home equity Pass Special Mention Substandard Other Pass Special Mention Substandard Total 

77 

30-89 90+/FC Correspondent purchased Current 30-89 90+/FC Bulk purchased Current 30-89 90+/FC Commercial: Commercial real estate Current 30-89 90+/FC Commercial and industrial Current 30-89 90+/FC Consumer: Home equity Current 30-89 90+/FC Other Current 30-89 90+/FC Total 
 
 78 

30-89 90+/FC Correspondent purchased Current 30-89 90+/FC Bulk purchased Current 30-89 90+/FC Commercial: Commercial real estate Current 30-89 90+/FC Commercial and industrial Current 30-89 90+/FC Consumer: Home equity Current 30-89 90+/FC Other Current 30-89 90+/FC Total 

79 

Correspondent purchased Bulk purchased Commercial: Commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Consumer: Home equity Other 
 
 September 30, 2022 90 or More Days Total Total 30 to 89 Days Delinquent or Delinquent Current Amortized Delinquent in Foreclosure Loans Loans Cost (Dollars in thousands) One- to four-family: Originated Correspondent purchased Bulk purchased Commercial: Commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Consumer: Home equity Other 
 
 The amortized cost of mortgage loans secured by residential real estate properties for which formal foreclosure proceedings were in process as of September 30, 2023 and 2022 was million and million, respectively, which is included in loans 90 or more days delinquent or in foreclosure in the tables above. The carrying value of residential OREO held as a result of obtaining physical possession upon completion of a foreclosure or through completion of a deed in lieu of foreclosure was thousand at September 30, 2023 and thousand at September 30, 2022. 
 80 

Correspondent purchased Bulk purchased Commercial: Commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Consumer: Home equity Other 
 
 Correspondent purchased Bulk purchased Commercial: Commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Consumer: Home equity Other 
 
 81 

Correspondent purchased Bulk purchased Commercial: Commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Consumer: Home equity Other 
 For the Year Ended September 30, 2021 Number Pre- Post- of Restructured Restructured Contracts Outstanding Outstanding (Dollars in thousands) One- to four-family: Originated Correspondent purchased Bulk purchased Commercial: Commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Consumer: Home equity Other 
 
 The following table provides information on TDRs that became delinquent during the periods presented within 12 months after being restructured. 
 For the Years Ended September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 September 30, 2021 Number of Amortized Number of Amortized Number of Amortized Contracts Cost Contracts Cost Contracts Cost (Dollars in thousands) One- to four-family: Originated Correspondent purchased Bulk purchased Commercial: Commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Consumer: Home equity Other 
 82 

Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Provision for credit losses Ending balance 
 
 The increase in ACL during the current year was primarily a result of the outlook for worsening economic forecast conditions compared to the prior year, along with a reduction in the projected prepayment speeds used in the model for all loan categories. 
 
 For the Year Ended September 30, 2022 One- to Four-Family Correspondent Bulk Originated Purchased Purchased Total Commercial Consumer Total (Dollars in thousands) Beginning balance Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision for credit losses ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 For the Year Ended September 30, 2021 One- to Four-Family Correspondent Bulk Originated Purchased Purchased Total Commercial Consumer Total (Dollars in thousands) Beginning balance Adoption of CECL ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance at October 1, 2020 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision for credit losses ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance 

83 

by September 30, 2024 which was the end of our four quarter forecast time period. 
 Forecast and reversion to mean time periods - The forecasted time period and the reversion to mean time period were each four quarters for all of the economic indices at September 30, 2023. 
 Prepayment and curtailment assumptions - The assumptions used at September 30, 2023 were generally based on actual historical prepayment and curtailment speeds, adjusted by management as deemed necessary. The prepayment and curtailment assumptions vary for each respective loan pool in the model. 
 Qualitative factors - The qualitative factors applied by management at September 30, 2023 included the following: 
 The economic uncertainties related to the unemployment rate, the labor force composition, and the labor participation rate that are not captured in the third-party economic forecast scenarios; and 
 Other management considerations related to commercial loans to account for credit risks not fully reflected in the discounted cash flow model. 
 
 Reserve for Off-Balance Sheet Credit Exposures - million and million, respectively. 
 (Release)/provision for credit losses ) ) Ending balance 
 
 84 

5. 
 Building and improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Total premises and equipment Less accumulated depreciation Premises and equipment, net 
 
 The Company leases real estate for branches, ATMs, and certain equipment. These leases have remaining terms that range from to years, some of which include exercising renewal options that the Company considers to be reasonably certain. A right-of-use asset of million and million was included in other assets and a lease liability of million and million was included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets, as of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022 respectively. As of September 30, 2023, for the Company's operating leases, the weighted average remaining lease term was years and the weighted average discount rate was . 
 
 The sale of this property resulted in a loss of thousand, which was included in other non-interest expense on the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 Variable lease expense Short-term lease expense Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities 
 
 Fiscal year 2025 Fiscal year 2026 Fiscal year 2027 Fiscal year 2028 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Amounts representing interest ) Present value of net future minimum lease payments 
 
 85 

6. 
 million and million at September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Bank's obligations related to unfunded commitments, which are included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets, were million and million at September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The majority of the commitments at September 30, 2023 are projected to be funded through the end of calendar year . 
 
 For fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, the net income tax benefit associated with these investments, which consists of proportional amortization expense and affordable housing tax credits and other related tax benefits, was reported in income tax expense in the consolidated statements of income. The amount of proportional amortization expense recognized during fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million and million, respectively, and the amount of affordable housing tax credits and other related tax benefits was million, million and million, respectively, resulting in a net income tax benefit of million, million and million, respectively. There were impairment losses during fiscal years 2023, 2022, or 2021 resulting from the forfeiture or ineligibility of tax credits or other circumstances. 

7. 
 Less: Amortization ) Balance at September 30, 2021 Less: Amortization ) Balance at September 30, 2022 Less: Amortization ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 
 As of September 30, 2023, there was impairment recorded on goodwill or other intangible assets. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 
 86 

8. 
 million and million as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Certificates of deposit with a minimum denomination of 250 thousand were million and million as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Deposits in excess of 250 thousand may not be fully insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. 
 
 Borrowings - Borrowings at September 30, 2023 consisted of billion in FHLB advances, of which billion were fixed-rate advances and million were variable-rate advances, and million of borrowings from the Federal Reserve's Bank Term Funding Program ("BTFP"). There were borrowings against the variable-rate FHLB line of credit at September 30, 2023. FHLB borrowings at September 30, 2022 consisted of billion in FHLB advances, of which billion were fixed-rate advances and million were variable-rate advances, and million of borrowings against the variable-rate FHLB line of credit. Additionally, the Bank is authorized to borrow from the Federal Reserve Bank's "discount window" but there were no such borrowings at September 30, 2023 or 2022. 

BTFP borrowings Deferred prepayment penalty - FHLB advances ) ) Weighted average contractual interest rate on FHLB advances Weighted average effective interest rate on FHLB advances (1) 
 Weighted average contractual interest rate on BTFP borrowings 

FHLB borrowings are secured by certain qualifying loans pursuant to a blanket collateral agreement with FHLB and certain securities, when necessary. Per FHLB's lending guidelines, total FHLB borrowings cannot exceed of a borrowing institution's regulatory total assets without the pre-approval of FHLB senior management. In July 2023, the president of FHLB approved an increase, through October 2023, in the Bank's FHLB borrowing limit to of Bank Call Report total assets. In October 2023, the president of the FHLB approved the increase to 50 through October 2024. At September 30, 2023, the ratio of the par value of the Bank's FHLB borrowings to the Bank's Call Report total assets was . 
 The amount that can be borrowed under the BTFP is based upon the par value of securities pledged as collateral, the term can be up to one year in length, and the borrowings can be prepaid without penalty. Advances can be requested under the BTFP until at least March 11, 2024. Subsequent to September 30, 2023, the Bank repaid the million of BTFP borrowings. 
 At both September 30, 2023 and 2022, the Bank had entered into interest rate swap agreements with a total notional amount of million in order to hedge the variable cash flows associated with million of adjustable-rate FHLB advances. At September 30, 2023 and 2022, the interest rate swap agreements had an average remaining term to maturity of years and years, respectively. The interest rate swaps were designated as cash flow hedges and involved the receipt of variable amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Bank making fixed-rate payments over the life of the interest rate swap agreements. At September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, the interest rate swaps were in a gain position with a total fair value of million and million, respectively, which was reported in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. During fiscal year 2023, million was reclassified from AOCI as a decrease to interest expense. During fiscal year 2022, million was reclassified from AOCI as an increase to interest expense. At September 30, 2023, the Company estimated that million of interest expense associated with the interest rate swaps would be reclassified from AOCI as a decrease to interest expense on FHLB borrowings during the next 12 months. The Bank has minimum collateral posting thresholds with 
 87 

million at September 30, 2023 and million at September 30, 2022. 
 
 During the current and prior year, the Bank utilized a leverage strategy (the "leverage strategy") to increase earnings. The leverage strategy involved borrowing up to billion by entering into short-term FHLB advances, depending on the rates offered by FHLB, with all of the balance being paid down at each quarter end, or earlier if the strategy is not profitable. The proceeds of the borrowings, net of the required FHLB stock holdings, were deposited at the FRB of Kansas City. 
 During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Bank terminated interest rate swaps with a notional amount of million which were tied to FHLB advances totaling million. The interest rate swaps were designated as cash flow hedges and involved the receipt of variable amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Bank making fixed-rate payments over the life of the interest rate swap agreements. Since it was management's intention to prepay the related FHLB advances, it was no longer probable that the original forecasted transactions subject to the cash flow hedges would occur. Therefore, the termination of the interest rate swaps resulted in the reclassification of unrealized losses, net of tax, totaling million million pretax) from AOCI into earnings. 
 During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Bank prepaid fixed-rate FHLB advances totaling million with a weighted average contractual interest rate of and a weighted average remaining term of years, and replaced these advances with fixed-rate FHLB advances totaling million with a weighted average contractual interest rate of and a weighted average term of years. The Bank paid penalties of million to FHLB as a result of prepaying these FHLB advances. The weighted average effective interest rate of the new advances was . The majority of the prepayment penalties are being recognized in interest expense over the life of the new FHLB advances. 
 
 Scheduled Repayment of Borrowed Funds and Maturity of Certificates of Deposit - 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 
 88 

9. 
 State Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 , , and for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The differences between such effective rates and the statutory Federal income tax rate computed on income before income tax expense resulted from the following: 
 2023 2022 2021 Amount Amount Amount (Dollars in thousands) Federal income tax expense computed at statutory Federal rate ) Increases (decreases) in taxes resulting from: State taxes, net of Federal tax effect ) Low income housing tax credits, net ) ) ) ) ) ESOP related expenses, net ) ) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 89 

ACL Lease liabilities ESOP compensation Salaries, deferred compensation and employee benefits Reserve for off-balance sheet credit exposures Unrealized loss on AFS securities Net purchase discounts related to acquired loans Low income housing partnerships Other Gross deferred income tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Gross deferred income tax asset, net of valuation allowance Deferred income tax liabilities: FHLB stock dividends Unrealized gain on interest rate swaps Premises and equipment ACL Lease right-of-use assets Deposit intangible Other Gross deferred income tax liabilities Net deferred tax assets 
 
 The State of Kansas allows for a bad debt deduction on savings and loan institutions' privilege tax returns of up to 5 of Kansas taxable income. Due to the low level of net loan charge-offs experienced by the Bank historically, at times, the Bank's bad debt deduction on the Kansas privilege tax return has been in excess of actual net charge-offs, resulting in a state deferred tax liability, which is presented separately from the federal deferred tax asset related to ACL. 
 
 The Company assesses the available positive and negative evidence surrounding the recoverability of its deferred tax assets and applies its judgment in estimating the amount of valuation allowance necessary under the circumstances. At September 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had a valuation allowance of thousand and thousand, respectively, related to the net operating losses generated by the Company's consolidated Kansas corporate income tax return as management believes there will not be sufficient taxable income to fully utilize these deferred tax assets. For this reason, a valuation allowance was recorded for the related amounts at September 30, 2023 and 2022. No additional valuation allowances were recorded for the Company's other deferred tax assets as management believes it is more likely than not that these amounts will be realized through the reversal of the Company's existing taxable temporary differences and projected future taxable income. 
 
 ASC 740 Income Taxes prescribes a process by which a tax position taken, or expected to be taken, on an income tax return is determined based upon the technical merits of the position, along with whether the tax position meets a more-likely-than-not-recognition threshold, to determine the amount, if any, of unrecognized tax benefits to recognize in the financial statements. Estimated penalties and interest related to unrecognized tax benefits are included in income tax expense in the consolidated statements of income. For the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 the Company had unrecognized tax benefits. 
 90 

. 

10. 
 shares shares post-corporate reorganization) of common stock in the Company's initial public offering and shares of common stock in the Company's corporate reorganization in December 2010. Both acquisitions of common stock were made with proceeds from loans from the Company, secured by shares of the Company's stock purchased in each offering. The Bank has agreed to make cash contributions to the ESOP trust on an annual basis sufficient to enable the ESOP trust to make the required annual loan payments to the Company on September 30 th of each year. The loan for the shares acquired in the initial public offering matured on . The loan for the shares acquired in the corporate reorganization matures on . 
 
 As annual loan payments are made on each September 30 th , shares are released from collateral and allocated to qualified employees based on the proportion of their qualifying compensation to total qualifying compensation. On September 30, 2023, shares were released from collateral. On September 30, 2024, shares will be released from collateral. As ESOP shares are committed to be released from collateral, the Company records compensation expense. Dividends on unallocated ESOP shares are applied to the debt service payments of the loan secured by the unallocated shares. Dividends on unallocated ESOP shares in excess of the debt service payment are recorded as compensation expense and distributed to participants or participants' ESOP accounts. Compensation expense related to the ESOP was million for the year ended September 30, 2023, million for the year ended September 30, 2022, and million for the year ended September 30, 2021. Of these amounts, thousand of income, thousand of expense, and thousand of expense related to the difference between the market price of the Company's stock when the shares were acquired by the ESOP trust and the average market price of the Company's stock during the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The Company's stock market price averaged below 10 per share during the year ended September 30, 2023 which is why income rather than expense was recognized for market price differences. There was compensation expense for dividends on unallocated ESOP shares in excess of the debt service payments for the years ended September 30, 2023 or 2022; for the year ended September 30, 2021, the amount of dividends on unallocated ESOP shares in excess of the debt service payments was thousand. 
 
 of their ESOP shares at age ), retirement, termination, or death of the participant. The following is a summary of shares held in the ESOP trust as of September 30, 2023 and 2022: 
 2023 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Allocated ESOP shares Unreleased ESOP shares Total ESOP shares Fair value of unreleased ESOP shares 
 
 91 

11. 
 stock options outstanding as a result of grants awarded from the Stock Option Plan. The Equity Incentive Plan had stock options originally eligible to be granted and, as of September 30, 2023, the Company had stock options still available for future grants under this plan. The Equity Incentive Plan will expire on and no additional grants may be made after expiration, but awards granted under this plan remain outstanding until they are individually vested, forfeited, or expire. 
 
 The Company may issue incentive and nonqualified stock options under the Equity Incentive Plan. The incentive stock options expire no later than years from the date of grant, and the nonqualified stock options expire no later than years from the date of grant. The vesting period of the stock options under the Equity Incentive Plan generally has ranged from years to years. The stock option exercise price cannot be less than the market value at the date of the grant as defined by each plan. The fair value of stock option grants is estimated on the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 
 
 At September 30, 2023, the Company had stock options outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of per option and a weighted average contractual life of years, all of which were exercisable. The exercise price may be paid in cash, shares of common stock, or a combination of both. New shares are issued by the Company upon the exercise of stock options. 
 
 Restricted Stock Plans The Equity Incentive Plan had shares originally eligible to be granted as restricted stock and, as of September 30, 2023, the Company had shares available for future grants of restricted stock under this plan. As noted above, this plan will expire on and no additional grants may be made after expiration, but awards granted under this plan remain outstanding until they are individually vested or forfeited. The vesting period of the restricted stock awards under the Equity Incentive Plan has generally ranged from years to years. At September 30, 2023, the Company had unvested shares of restricted stock with a weighted average grant date fair value of per share. 
 
 Compensation expense is calculated based on the fair market value of the common stock at the date of the grant, as defined by the plan, and is recognized over the vesting period. Compensation expense attributable to restricted stock awards during the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 totaled thousand, thousand, and thousand, respectively. The fair value of restricted stock that vested during the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 totaled thousand, thousand, and thousand, respectively. As of September 30, 2023, there was thousand of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 92 

12. 
 Originate adjustable-rate Purchase/participate fixed-rate Purchase/participate adjustable-rate 
 
 Commitments to originate loans are commitments to lend to a customer. Commitments to purchase/participate in loans represent commitments to purchase loans from correspondent lenders on a loan-by-loan basis or participate in commercial loans with a lead bank. The Bank evaluates each borrower's creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. Commitments generally have expiration dates or other termination clauses, and one- to four-family loan commitments may require the payment of a fee. Some of the commitments are expected to expire without being fully drawn upon; therefore, the amount of total commitments disclosed in the table above does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, there were no significant loan-related commitments that met the definition of derivatives or commitments to sell mortgage loans. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, the Bank had approved but unadvanced lines of credit of million and million, respectively. 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company and the Bank are named defendants in various lawsuits and counterclaims. In the opinion of management, after consultation with legal counsel, none of the currently pending suits are expected to have a materially adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements for the year ended September 30, 2023, or future periods. 

13. 
 
 93 

Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET1") capital Tier 1 capital Total capital As of September 30, 2022 CBLR N/A N/A Company As of September 30, 2023 Tier 1 leverage N/A N/A CET1 capital N/A N/A Tier 1 capital N/A N/A Total capital N/A N/A As of September 30, 2022 CBLR N/A N/A 
 
 Generally, savings institutions, such as the Bank, may make capital distributions during any calendar year equal to the earnings of the previous two calendar years and current year-to-date earnings. It is generally required that the Bank remain well capitalized before and after the proposed distribution. The Company's ability to pay dividends is dependent, in part, upon its ability to obtain capital distributions from the Bank. So long as the Bank continues to remain well capitalized after each capital distribution and operates in a safe and sound manner, it is management's belief that the regulators will continue to allow the Bank to distribute its net income to the Company, although no assurance can be given in this regard. 
 
 In conjunction with the Company's corporate reorganization in December 2010, a "liquidation account" was established for the benefit of certain depositors of the Bank in an amount equal to Capitol Federal Savings Bank MHC's ownership interest in the retained earnings of Capitol Federal Financial as of June 30, 2010. As of September 30, 2023, the balance of this liquidation account was million. Under applicable federal banking regulations, neither the Company nor the Bank is permitted to pay dividends to its stockholders if stockholders' equity would be reduced below the amount of the liquidation account at that time. 
 
 94 

14. 
 95 

t have any Level 3 financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30, 2023 or 2022. 
 September 30, 2023 Quoted Prices Significant Significant in Active Markets Other Observable Unobservable Carrying for Identical Assets Inputs Inputs Value (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) (Dollars in thousands) Assets: AFS Securities: MBS GSE debentures Corporate bonds Municipal bonds Interest rate swaps 
 September 30, 2022 Quoted Prices Significant Significant in Active Markets Other Observable Unobservable Carrying for Identical Assets Inputs Inputs Value (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) (Dollars in thousands) Assets: AFS Securities: MBS GSE debentures Corporate bonds Municipal bonds Interest rate swaps 
 
 The following is a description of valuation methodologies used for significant financial instruments measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. The significant unobservable inputs used in the determination of the fair value of assets classified as Level 3 have an inherent measurement uncertainty that, if changed, could result in higher or lower fair value measurements of these assets as of the reporting date. 
 
 Loans Receivable Collateral dependent assets are assets evaluated on an individual basis. Those collateral dependent assets that are evaluated on an individual basis are considered financial assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. The fair value of collateral dependent loans/loans individually evaluated for loss on a non-recurring basis during fiscal years 2023 and 2022 that were still held in the portfolio as of September 30, 2023 and 2022 was million and million, respectively. Fair values of collateral dependent loans/loans individually evaluated for loss cannot be determined with precision and may not be realized in an actual sale or immediate settlement of the loan and, as such, are classified as Level 3. 
 
 The one- to four-family loans included in this amount were individually evaluated to determine if the carrying value of the loan was in excess of the fair value of the collateral, less estimated selling costs of . Fair values were estimated through current appraisals. Management does not adjust or apply a discount to the appraised value of one- to four-family loans, except for the estimated sales cost noted above, and the primary unobservable input for these loans was the appraisal. 
 
 For commercial loans, if the most recent appraisal or book value of the collateral does not reflect current market conditions due to the passage of time and/or other factors, management will adjust the existing appraised or book value based on 
 96 

to , with a weighted average of . During fiscal year 2022, the adjustments ranged from to , with a weighted average of . The basis utilized in calculating the weighted averages for these adjustments was the original unadjusted value of each collateral item. 
 
 OREO OREO primarily represents real estate acquired as a result of foreclosure or by deed in lieu of foreclosure and is carried at the lower of cost or fair value. The fair value for OREO is estimated through current appraisals or listing prices, less estimated selling costs of . Management does not adjust or apply a discount to the appraised value or listing price, except for the estimated sales costs noted above. The primary significant unobservable input for OREO was the appraisal or listing price. Fair values of foreclosed property cannot be determined with precision and may not be realized in an actual sale of the property and, as such, are classified as Level 3. There was OREO measured on a non-recurring basis during fiscal year 2023 that was still held in the portfolio at September 30, 2023. The OREO held at September 30, 2023 was measured during fiscal year 2022. The fair value of OREO measured on a non-recurring basis during fiscal year 2022 that was still held in the portfolio as of September 30, 2022 was thousand. The carrying value of the properties equaled the fair value of the properties at September 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Fair Value Disclosures The Company estimated fair value amounts using available market information and a variety of valuation methodologies as of the dates presented. Considerable judgment is required to interpret market data to develop the estimates of fair value. The estimates presented are not necessarily indicative of amounts the Company would realize from a current market exchange at subsequent dates. 
 
 AFS securities Loans receivable FHLB stock Interest rate swaps Liabilities: Deposits Borrowings 
 2022 Carrying Estimated Fair Value Amount Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 (Dollars in thousands) Assets: Cash and cash equivalents AFS securities Loans receivable FHLB stock Interest rate swaps Liabilities: Deposits Borrowings 
 97 

15. 
 million in fiscal year 2021, which was reported in the loss on interest rate swap termination line item within the consolidated statements of income. See "Note 8. Deposits and Borrowed Funds" for additional information regarding reclassifications from AOCI related to the Bank's cash flow hedges. 
 For the Year Ended September 30, 2023 Unrealized Unrealized Gains (Losses) Gains (Losses) on AFS on Cash Flow Total Securities Hedges AOCI (Dollars in thousands) Beginning balance ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before reclassifications Amount reclassified from AOCI, net of taxes of 
 ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net losses on AFS securities included in net income, net of taxes of ) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) Ending balance ) 
 
 For the Year Ended September 30, 2022 Unrealized Unrealized Gains (Losses) Gains (Losses) on AFS on Cash Flow Total Securities Hedges AOCI (Dollars in thousands) Beginning balance ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before reclassifications ) ) Amount reclassified from AOCI, net of taxes of ) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Ending balance ) ) 
 
 For the Year Ended September 30, 2021 Unrealized Unrealized Gains (Losses) Gains (Losses) on AFS on Cash Flow Total Securities Hedges AOCI (Dollars in thousands) Beginning balance ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before reclassifications ) ) Amount reclassified from AOCI, net of taxes of ) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Ending balance ) ) 
 
 98 

16. 
 million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Deposit Service Fees 
 Interchange Transaction Fees - Interchange transaction fee income primarily consists of interchange fees earned on a transactional basis through card payment networks. The performance obligation for these types of transactions is satisfied as services are rendered for each transaction and revenue is recognized daily concurrently with the transaction processing services provided to the cardholder. 
 
 In order to participate in the card payment networks, the Company must pay various transaction related costs established by the networks ("interchange network charges"), including membership fees and a per unit charge for each transaction. The Company is acting as an agent for its debit card customers when they are utilizing the card payment networks; therefore, interchange transaction fee income is reported net of interchange network charges. Interchange network charges totaled million, million and million for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Service Charges on Deposit Accounts - Service charges on deposit accounts consist of account maintenance fees and transaction-based fees such as those for overdrafts, insufficient funds, wire transfers and the use of out-of-network ATMs. The Company's performance obligation is satisfied over a period of time, generally a month, for account maintenance and at the time of service for transaction-based fees. Revenue is recognized after the performance obligation is satisfied. Payments are typically collected from the customer's deposit account at the time the transaction is processed and/or at the end of the customer's statement cycle (typically monthly). 
 
 Insurance Commissions 
 Commissions are received on insurance product sales. The Company acts in the capacity of an agent between the Company's customer and the insurance carrier. The Company's performance obligation is satisfied when the terms of the policy have been agreed upon and the insurance policy becomes effective. Additionally, the Company earns performance-based incentives ("contingent insurance commissions") based on certain criteria established by the insurance carriers. Contingent insurance commissions are accrued based upon management's expectations. 
 
 Other Non-Interest Income 

99 

17. 
 
 Investment in the Bank Note receivable - ESOP Receivable from the Bank Income taxes receivable, net Other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES: Deferred income tax liabilities, net Payable to the Bank Other liabilities Total liabilities STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued or outstanding 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Unearned compensation - ESOP ) ) Retained earnings ) AOCI, net of tax ) Total stockholders' equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 100 

Interest income from other investments Total interest and dividend income NON-INTEREST EXPENSE: Salaries and employee benefits Regulatory and outside services Other non-interest expense Total non-interest expense INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX (BENEFIT) EXPENSE AND EQUITY IN UNDISTRIBUTED (EXCESS OF DISTRIBUTION OVER) EARNINGS OF SUBSIDIARY INCOME TAX EXPENSE (BENEFIT) ) ) INCOME BEFORE (EXCESS OF DISTRIBUTION OVER) / EQUITY IN UNDISTRIBUTED EARNINGS OF SUBSIDIARY (EXCESS OF DISTRIBUTION OVER)/ EQUITY IN UNDISTRIBUTED EARNINGS OF SUBSIDIARY ) ) ) NET (LOSS) INCOME ) 
 
 101 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Equity in excess of distribution over earnings of subsidiary Depreciation of equipment Provision for deferred income taxes ) ) ) Changes in: Receivable from/payable to the Bank ) ) Income taxes receivable/payable Other assets ) ) Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Principal collected on note receivable from ESOP Net cash provided by investing activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Net payment from subsidiary related to restricted stock awards Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Stock options exercised Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS: Beginning of year End of year 
 
 102 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the "Act") as of September 30, 2023. Based upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of September 30, 2023, such disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management (including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer) to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure, and is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. 
 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Act). The Company's internal control system is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company's management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 
 
 The Company's internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets; provide reasonable assurances that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or untimely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the Company's financial statements. 
 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial reporting. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of any system of internal control may vary over time. The design of any internal control system also factors in resource constraints and consideration for the benefit of the control relative to the cost of implementing the control. Because of these inherent limitations in any system of internal control, management cannot provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud within the Company have been detected. 
 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) . Management has concluded that the Company maintained an effective system of internal control over financial reporting based on these criteria as of September 30, 2023. 
 
 The Company's independent registered public accounting firm, , (Auditor Firm ID: ), who audited the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this annual report, has issued an audit report on the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023 and it is included in Item 8. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Act) that occurred during the Company's quarter ended September 30, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 Trading Plans 
 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2023, no director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Act) of the Company adopted or terminated a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 103 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Information required by this item concerning the Company's directors and executive officers and any delinquent reports under Section 16(a) of the Act is incorporated herein by reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in January 2024, a copy of which will be filed not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year. 
 
 Information required by this item regarding the audit committee of the Company's Board of Directors, including information regarding the audit committee financial experts serving on the committee, is incorporated herein by reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in January 2024, a copy of which will be filed not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year. 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a written code of ethics within the meaning of Item 406 of SEC Regulation S-K that applies to our principal executive officer and senior financial officers, and to all of our other employees and our directors, a copy of which is available free of charge in the Investor Relations section of our website, www.capfed.com. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 Information required by this item concerning compensation is incorporated herein by reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in January 2024, a copy of which will be filed not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Information required by this item concerning security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated herein by reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in January 2024, a copy of which will be filed not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year. 
 
 The following table sets forth information as of September 30, 2023 with respect to compensation plans under which shares of our common stock may be issued. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information Number of Shares Remaining Available for Future Issuance Number of Shares Under Equity to be issued upon Weighted Average Compensation Plans Exercise of Exercise Price of (Excluding Shares Outstanding Options, Outstanding Options, Reflected in the Plan Category Warrants and Rights Warrants and Rights First Column) Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 349,374 12.50 5,938,504 (1) 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders N/A N/A N/A 349,374 12.50 5,938,504 
 
 (1) This amount includes 1,528,475 shares available for future grants of restricted stock under the Company's 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 104 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 Information required by this item concerning certain relationships, related transactions and director independence is incorporated herein by reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in January 2024 , a copy of which will be filed not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 Information required by this item concerning principal accountant fees and services is incorporated herein by reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in January 2024, a copy of which will be filed not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year. 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The following is a list of documents filed as part of this report: 
 
 (1) Financial Statements : 
 The following financial statements are included under Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K: 
 1. Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 2. Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 3. Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 4. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 5. Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 6. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 7. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: 
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted as the information is not required under the related instructions or is not applicable. 
 
 (3) Exhibits: 
 See "Index to Exhibits." 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None 
 105 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit Number Document 3(i) 
 Charter of Capitol Federal Financial, Inc., as filed on May 6, 2010, as Exhibit 3(i) to Capitol Federal Financial, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-166578) and incorporated herein by reference 3(ii) 
 Bylaws of Capitol Federal Financial, Inc., as amended, filed on March 30, 2020, as Exhibit 3.2 to Form 8-K for Capitol Federal Financial Inc. and incorporated herein by reference 4 
 Description of the Registrant's Securities, as filed on November 27, 2019, as Exhibit 4 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference 10.1 
 Form of Amended and Restated Change of Control Agreement with each of John B. Dicus, Kent G. Townsend, Rick C. Jackson, Natalie G. Haag, Robert D. Kobbeman, Anthony S. Barry, and William J. Skrobacz 10.2 
 Capitol Federal Financial's 2000 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the "Stock Option Plan") filed on April 13, 2000 as Appendix A to Capitol Federal Financial's Revised Proxy Statement (File No. 000-25391) and incorporated herein by reference 10.3 
 Capitol Federal Financial Deferred Incentive Bonus Plan, as amended, filed on May 8, 2020 as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's March 31, 2020 Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference 10.4 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the Stock Option Plan filed on February 4, 2005 as Exhibit 10.5 to the December 31, 2004 Form 10-Q for Capitol Federal Financial and incorporated herein by reference 10.5 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Stock Option Plan filed on February 4, 2005 as Exhibit 10.6 to the December 31, 2004 Form 10-Q for Capitol Federal Financial and incorporated herein by reference 10.6 
 Description of Director Fee Arrangements, as filed on November 23, 2022, as Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference 10.7 
 Short-term Performance Plan, as amended, filed on May 8, 2020 as Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant's March 31, 2020 Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference 10.8 
 Capitol Federal Financial, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (the "Equity Incentive Plan") filed on December 22, 2011 as Appendix A to Capitol Federal Financial, Inc.'s Proxy Statement (File No. 001-34814) and incorporated herein by reference 10.9 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the Equity Incentive Plan filed on February 6, 2012 as Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant's December 31, 2011 Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference 10.10 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Equity Incentive Plan filed on February 6, 2012 as Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant's December 31, 2011 Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference 10.11 
 Form of Stock Appreciation Right Agreement under the Equity Incentive Plan filed on February 6, 2012 as Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant's December 31, 2011 Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference 10.12 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the Equity Incentive Plan filed on February 6, 2012 as Exhibit 10.15 to the Registrant's December 31, 2011 Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference 14 Code of Ethics 21 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 31.1 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 made by John B. Dicus, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 31.2 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 made by Kent G. Townsend, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 32 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 made by John B. Dicus, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Kent G. Townsend, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 97 
 Compensation Recovery Policy of Capitol Federal Financial, Inc. 

101 The following information from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, filed with the SEC on November 29, 2023, has been formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language ("XBRL"): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2023 and 2022, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, (iv) Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, and (vi) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline XBRL and included in Exhibit 101 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 May be obtained free of charge in the Investor Relations section of our website, www.capfed.com. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 CAPITOL FEDERAL FINANCIAL, INC. Date: November 29, 2023 By: /s/ John B. Dicus John B. Dicus, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. By: /s/ John B. Dicus By: /s/ Michael T. McCoy, M.D. John B. Dicus, Chairman, President Michael T. McCoy, M.D., Director and Chief Executive Officer Date: November 29, 2023 (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 29, 2023 By: /s/ James G. Morris James G. Morris, Director By: /s/ Kent G. Townsend Date: November 29, 2023 Kent G. Townsend, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer By: /s/ Michel' P. Cole (Principal Financial Officer) Michel' P. Cole, Director Date: November 29, 2023 Date: November 29, 2023 By: /s/ Jeffrey R. Thompson By: /s/ Carlton A. Ricketts Jeffrey R. Thompson, Director Carlton A. Ricketts, Director Date: November 29, 2023 Date: November 29, 2023 By: /s/ Jeffrey M. Johnson By: /s/ Tara D. Van Houweling Jeffrey M. Johnson, Director Tara D. Van Houweling, First Vice President Date: November 29, 2023 and Reporting Director (Principal Accounting Officer) By: /s/ Morris J. Huey II Date: November 29, 2023 Morris J. Huey II, Director Date: November 29, 2023 

<EX-10>
 2
 cffn-093023xex10.htm
 CFFN EXHIBIT 10.1 AMENDED AND RESTATED CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENT

Document 

Exhibit 10.1 
 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENT 

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENT (the Agreement is entered into as of the _______ day of ________, 2023 (the Effective Date by and between Capitol Federal Financial, Inc. CFF ), a Maryland corporation, and ________________ (the Executive ). 
 WITNESSETH 
 WHEREAS, CFF owns 100 of the outstanding stock of Capitol Federal Savings Bank (the Bank ), a federally chartered savings bank 
 WHEREAS, Executive is an Executive Vice President of the Bank, and as such is a key executive officer whose continued dedication, availability, advice and counsel to CFF and the Bank is deemed important to the Boards of Directors of CFF and the Bank and to the stockholders of CFF 
 WHEREAS, CFF wishes to retain the services of Executive free from any distractions or conflicts that could arise as a result of a change in control of CFF or the Bank 
 WHEREAS, CFF and Executive previously entered into a Change of Control Agreement effective as of _______ __, _____ (the Prior Agreement 
 WHEREAS, CFF and Executive desire to amend and restate the Prior Agreement to ensure compliance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and 
 WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of CFF has approved this Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, to assure CFF of Executive s continued dedication, the availability of Executive s advice and counsel to the Board of Directors of CFF free of any distractions resulting from a change of control, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy whereof each party hereby acknowledges, CFF and Executive hereby agree as follows 
 1. TERM OF AGREEMENT This Agreement shall remain in effect until cancelled by either party hereto, upon not less than 24 months prior written notice to the other party. 
 2. CHANGE OF CONTROL If the Executive s employment by the Bank or CFF shall be terminated either (i) by the Bank or CFF, or any successor thereto, other than for Cause or as a result of the Executive s death or disability, or (ii) by the Executive for Good Reason, as defined in Appendix A attached hereto Appendix A ), in either case within six (6) months preceding or twenty-four (24) months following a Change of Control of CFF or the Bank, then CFF shall 
 (a) Pay to the Executive in cash upon the later of the date of such Change of Control or the effective date of the Executive s termination with CFF or the Bank, a lump sum amount equal to 299 of the Executive s base amount as determined under Section 280G of the Code. 
 (b) For purposes of this Agreement, a Change of Control of CFF means the occurrence of any of the following three events (i) any person or persons acting as a group (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) acquires (or has acquired during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) ownership of stock of CFF possessing 30 or more of the total voting power of the outstanding stock of CFF (ii) individuals who are members of the Board of Directors of CFF as of the date of this Agreement (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason during any 12-month period to constitute at least a majority thereof, provided that any person becoming a director subsequent to such date whose election was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors comprising the Incumbent Board, or whose nomination for election by CFF s stockholders was approved by the nominating committee serving under an Incumbent Board, shall be considered a member of the Incumbent Board or (iii) any person or persons acting as a group (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) acquires (or has acquired during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets of CFF that have a gross fair market value of 40 or more of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of CFF immediately before such acquisition or acquisitions provided that with respect to each of the events covered by clauses (i) through (iii) above, the event must also be deemed to be either a change in the ownership of CFF, a change in the effective control of CFF or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of CFF within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. 
 (c) Notwithstanding any other provision contained in this Agreement, in the event any payment under this Section 2 is made contingent upon the execution of a general release of claims and the time period that the Executive has to 

consider the terms of such general release (including any revocation period under such release) commences in one calendar year and ends in the succeeding calendar year, then the payment shall not be paid until the succeeding calendar year. 
 3. LIMITATION OF BENEFITS It is the intention of the parties that no payment be made or benefit provided to the Executive that would constitute an excess parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and any regulations thereunder, thereby resulting in a loss of an income tax deduction by CFF or the imposition of an excise tax on the Executive under Section 4999 of the Code. If either the independent accountants serving as auditors for CFF or legal counsel for CFF immediately prior to the date of a Change of Control determine that some or all of the payments or benefits scheduled under this Agreement, when combined with any other payments or benefits provided to the Executive on a Change of Control, would constitute nondeductible excess parachute payments by CFF or any affiliate under Section 280G of the Code, then the payments or benefits scheduled under this Agreement will be reduced to one dollar less than the maximum amount which may be paid or provided without causing any such payments or benefits scheduled under this Agreement or otherwise provided on a Change of Control to be nondeductible. The determination made as to the reduction of benefits or payments required hereunder by the independent accountants or legal counsel shall be binding on the parties. If the payments or benefits upon a Change of Control are required to be reduced pursuant to this Section 3, then the lump sum cash payment under Section 2(a) of this Agreement shall be reduced first. 
 4. LITIGATION - OBLIGATIONS - SUCCESSORS 
 (a) If litigation shall be brought or arbitration commenced to challenge, enforce or interpret any provision of this Agreement, and such litigation or arbitration does not end with judgment in favor of CFF, CFF hereby agrees to indemnify the Executive for his reasonable attorney s fees and disbursements incurred in such litigation or arbitration. 
 (b) CFF s obligation to pay the Executive the compensation contemplated herein and to make the arrangements provided herein shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstances, including, without limitation, any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which CFF may have against him or anyone else. All amounts payable by CFF hereunder shall be paid without notice or demand. The Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for in this Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise. 
 (c) CFF will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and or assets of CFF, by agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Executive, to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in its entirety. Failure of CFF to obtain such agreement prior to the effectiveness of any such succession shall be a breach of this Agreement and shall entitle the Executive to the compensation described in Section 2. As used in this Agreement, CFF shall mean Capitol Federal Financial, Inc. and any successor to its business and or assets as aforesaid which executes and delivers the agreement provided for in this Section 4 or which otherwise becomes bound by all the terms and provisions of this Agreement by operation of law. 
 2 

5. NOTICES For the purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in the Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered or mailed by United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows 
 If to the Executive 

If to CFF 
 ______________________ 
 At the address last appearing on the personnel records of CFF 
 
 Corporate Secretary 
 Capitol Federal Financial, Inc. 
 700 South Kansas Ave. 
 Topeka, Kansas 66603 
 
 or at such other address as any party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notices of change of address shall be effective only upon receipt. 
 6. MODIFICATION - WAIVERS - APPLICABLE LAW No provisions of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in writing, signed by the Executive and on behalf of CFF by such officer as may be specifically designated by the Board of Directors of CFF. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto of, or in compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. No agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, express or implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by either party which are not set forth expressly in this Agreement. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Kansas. 
 
 7. INVALIDITY - ENFORCEABILITY The invalidity or unenforceability of any provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. Any provision in this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating or affecting the remaining provisions of this Agreement, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 8. SUCCESSOR RIGHTS This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executive s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. If the Executive should die while any amounts would still be payable to him hereunder, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to his executor or, if there is no such executor, to his estate. 
 9. HEADINGS Descriptive headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction of any provision in this Agreement. 
 10. ARBITRATION Any dispute, controversy or claim arising under or in connection with this Agreement shall be settled exclusively by arbitration in Topeka, Kansas (or as close thereto as feasible) in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect. CFF shall pay all administrative fees associated with such arbitration. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator s award in any court having jurisdiction. 
 
 3 

11. CONFIDENTIALITY 
 (a) The Executive acknowledges that CFF may disclose certain confidential information to the Executive during the term of this Agreement to enable him to perform his duties hereunder. The Executive hereby covenants and agrees that he will not, without the prior written consent of CFF, during the term of this Agreement or at any time thereafter, disclose or permit to be disclosed to any third party by any method whatsoever any of the confidential information of CFF, nor shall Executive use such confidential information to the detriment of CFF, the Bank or their successors. For purposes of this Agreement, confidential information shall include, but not be limited to, any and all records, notes, memoranda, data, ideas, processes, methods, techniques, systems, formulas, patents, models, devices, programs, computer software, writings, research, personnel information, customer information, CFF s financial information, plans, or any other information of whatever nature in the possession or control of CFF which has not been published or disclosed to the general public, or which gives to CFF an opportunity to obtain an advantage over competitors who do not know of or use it. The Executive further agrees that if his employment hereunder is terminated for any reason, he will leave with CFF and will not take originals or copies of any records, papers, programs, computer software and documents and all matter of whatever nature which bears secret or confidential information of CFF. 
 (b) The foregoing paragraph shall not be applicable if and to the extent the Executive is required to testify in a judicial or regulatory proceeding pursuant to an order of a judge or administrative law judge issued after the Executive and his legal counsel urge that the aforementioned confidentiality be preserved. 
 (c) The foregoing covenants will not prohibit the Executive from disclosing confidential or other information to other employees of CFF or any third parties to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to the performance of his duties under this Agreement. 
 12. COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 409A OF THE CODE Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any payments to be made in accordance with this Agreement shall not be made prior to the date that is 185 calendar days from the date of termination of employment of the Executive if it is determined by CFF in good faith that such payments are subject to the limitations set forth at Section 409A of the Code and regulations promulgated thereunder, and payments made in advance of such date would result in the requirement that Executive pay additional interest and taxes in accordance with Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code. 
 13. ENTIRE AGREEMENT This Agreement embodies the entire agreement between CFF and the Executive with respect to the matters agreed to herein. All prior agreements between CFF and the Executive with respect to the matters agreed to herein, including but not limited to the Prior Agreement, are hereby superseded and shall have no force or effect. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date referred to above. 
 EXECUTIVE 

ATTEST 

CAPITOL FEDERAL FINANCIAL, INC. 

ATTEST By 

4 

APPENDIX A TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENT 
 
 Definitions 
 
 Cause shall mean personal dishonesty, willful misconduct, breach of fiduciary duty involving personal profit, intentional failure to perform stated duties, willful violation of any law, rule, or regulation (other than traffic violations or similar offenses) or final cease-and-desist order, or material breach of any provision of the Amended and Restated Change of Control Agreement. 
 Good Reason shall mean 
 (i) The assignment of duties to the Executive by CFF or the Bank or any successor thereto which (A) are materially different from the Executive s duties on the date hereof, or (B) result in the Executive having significantly less authority and or responsibility than he has on the date hereof, without his express written consent 
 (ii) The removal of the Executive from or any failure to re-elect him to the position of Executive Vice President except in connection with a termination of his employment by CFF for Cause or by reason of the Executive s disability 
 (iii) A reduction by CFF or the Bank of the Executive s then current base salary 
 (iv) The failure of CFF or the Bank to provide the Executive with substantially the same fringe benefits (including paid vacations) that were provided to him immediately prior to the date hereof or 
 (v) The failure of CFF to obtain the assumption of and agreement to perform the Agreement by any successor as contemplated in Section 4(c) of the Amended and Restated Change of Control Agreement. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to any termination of employment for Good Reason, the Executive must first provide written notice to CFF within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of the condition, describing the existence of such condition, and CFF shall thereafter have the right to remedy the condition within thirty (30) days of the date CFF received the written notice from the Executive. If CFF remedies the condition within such thirty (30) day cure period, then no Good Reason shall be deemed to exist with respect to such condition. If CFF does not remedy the condition within such thirty (30) day cure period, then the Executive may deliver a notice of termination for Good Reason at any time within sixty (60) days following the expiration of such cure period. 
 5 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 3
 cffn-093023xex21.htm
 CFFN EXHIBIT 21 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 State of Percentage Incorporation of or Parent Subsidiary Ownership Organization Capitol Federal Capitol Federal 100 Federal Financial, Inc. Savings Bank Capitol Federal Capitol Funds, Inc. 100 Kansas Savings Bank Capitol Federal Capital City 100 Kansas Savings Bank Investments, Inc. Capitol Funds, Capitol Federal 100 Vermont Inc. Mortgage Reinsurance Company 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 cffn-093023xex23.htm
 CFFN EXHIBIT 23 CONSENT OF AUDITORS

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-227381 on Form S-3ASR and Registration Statement Nos. 333-174890, 333-174891 and 333-180926 on Form S-8 of our reports dated November 29, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Capitol Federal Financial, Inc. and subsidiary, and the effectiveness of Capitol Federal Financial, Inc. and subsidiary's internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 
 Kansas City, Missouri 
 November 29, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 cffn-093023xex311.htm
 CFFN EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 I, John B. Dicus, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Capitol Federal Financial, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 29, 2023 By s John B. Dicus John B. Dicus Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 cffn-093023xex312.htm
 CFFN EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, Kent G. Townsend certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Capitol Federal Financial, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 29, 2023 By s Kent G. Townsend Kent G. Townsend Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 cffn-093023xex32.htm
 CFFN EXHIBIT 32 CERTIFICATION SECTION 1350

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 
 
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Capitol Federal Financial, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, John B. Dicus, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and I, Kent G. Townsend, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, certify, in my capacity as an officer of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods presented in the financial statements included in such Report. 
 
 Date November 29, 2023 By s John B. Dicus John B. Dicus Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Date November 29, 2023 By s Kent G. Townsend Kent G. Townsend Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-32>

<EX-97>
 8
 cffn-093023xex97.htm
 CFFN EXHIBIT 97 COMPENSATION RECOVERY POLICY

Document 

Exhibit 97 
 
 CAPITOL FEDERAL FINANCIAL, INC. 
 
 Compensation Recovery Policy 

Delegation of Responsibility 
 The Board of Directors (Board) is responsible for this policy and has delegated this responsibility, including alterations and annual review, to the 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Approval Date November 28, 2023 
 Previous Approval Date none 
 Effective Date October 1, 2024 
 The Board of Directors (the Board of Capitol Federal Financial, Inc. (the Company believes that it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to adopt this Compensation Recovery Policy (the Policy ), which provides for the recovery of certain incentive compensation in the event of an Accounting Restatement (as defined below). This Policy is designed to comply with, and shall be interpreted to be consistent with, Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), Rule 10D-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act Rule 10D-1 and Nasdaq Listing Rule 5608 (the Listing Standards ). 
 1. Administration 
 Except as specifically set forth herein, this Policy shall be administered by the Company s Compensation Committee (the Administrator ). The Administrator is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate or advisable for the administration of this Policy. Any determinations made by the Administrator shall be final and binding on all affected individuals and the Company and need not be uniform with respect to each individual covered by the Policy. In the administration of this Policy, the Administrator is authorized and directed to consult with Company counsel, the full Board or such other committees of the Board, such as the Company s Audit Committee, as may be necessary or appropriate. 
 Subject to any limitation of applicable law, the Administrator may authorize and empower any officer or employee of the Company to take any and all actions necessary or appropriate to carry out the purpose and intent of this Policy (other than with respect to any recovery under this Policy involving such officer or employee). 
 2. Definitions 
 As used in this Policy, the following definitions shall apply 
 Accounting Restatement means an accounting restatement of the Company s financial statements due to the Company s material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under U.S. securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements (commonly referred to as Big R restatements), or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (commonly referred to as little r restatements). 
 Administrator has the meaning set forth in Section 1 hereof. 

Applicable Period means the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the earlier of (i) the date the Board, a committee of the Board, or the officer or officers of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes (or reasonably should have concluded) that an Accounting Restatement is required or (ii) the date a regulator, court or other legally authorized entity directs the Company to undertake an Accounting Restatement. The Applicable Period also includes any transition period (that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year) within or immediately following the three completed fiscal years identified in the preceding sentence except that a transition period that comprises a period of at least nine months shall count as a completed fiscal year . 
 Covered Executives means the Company s current and former executive officers, as determined by the Administrator in accordance with the definition of executive officer set forth in Rule 10D-1 and the Listing Standards. 
 Erroneously Awarded Compensation has the meaning set forth in Section 5 of this Policy. 
 Financial Reporting Measure is any measure that is determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and any measure that is derived wholly or in part from such measure and includes non-GAAP measures for purposes of Regulation G promulgated under the Exchange Act. Financial Reporting Measures include but are not limited to the following (and any measures derived from the following) Company stock price total shareholder return TSR revenues net income operating income operating net income, operating pre-tax pre-provision income, tangible book value, tangible book value per share, profitability or growth of one or more reportable segments financial ratios (e.g., yield on loans, rates on deposits, efficiency ratio, nonperforming loans to total loans, nonperforming assets to total assets, loans to assets ratio, loans to deposits ratio) liquidity measures (e.g., capital, operating cash flow) return measures (e.g., net interest margin, return on assets, return on equity) earnings measures (e.g., earnings per share) any of such financial reporting measures relative to a peer group, where the Company s financial reporting measure is subject to an Accounting Restatement and tax basis income. A Financial Reporting Measure need not be presented within the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Incentive-Based Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure. Incentive-Based Compensation is received for purposes of this Policy in the Company s fiscal period during which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in the Incentive-Based Compensation award is attained, even if the payment or grant of such Incentive-Based Compensation occurs after the end of that period. Examples of Incentive-Based Compensation include, but are not limited to non-equity incentive plan awards that are earned based wholly or in part on satisfying a Financial Reporting Measure performance goal bonuses paid from a bonus pool, the size of which is determined based wholly or in part on satisfying a Financial Reporting Measure performance goal other cash awards based on satisfaction of a Financial Reporting Measure performance goal restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, performance share awards or units, stock options and stock appreciation rights that are granted or become vested based wholly or in part on satisfying a Financial Reporting Measure performance goal and proceeds received upon the sale of shares acquired through an incentive plan that were granted or vested based wholly or in part on satisfying a Financial Reporting Measure performance goal. Examples of compensation that is not incentive-based compensation include, but are not limited to salaries (except to the extent a salary increase is earned wholly or in part based on the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure performance goal) bonuses paid solely at the discretion of the Compensation Committee or Board that are not paid from a bonus pool that is determined by satisfying a Financial Reporting Measure performance goal bonuses paid solely upon satisfying one or more subjective standards (e.g., demonstrated leadership) and or completion of a specified employment period non-equity incentive plan awards earned solely upon satisfying one or more strategic measures (e.g., consummating a merger or branch acquisition or divestiture), or operational measures (e.g., opening a specified number of branches, completion of a project, increase in market share) and equity awards for which the grant is not contingent upon achieving any Financial Reporting Measure performance goal and vesting is contingent solely upon completion of a specified employment period and or attaining one or more nonfinancial reporting measures. 
 2 

3. Covered Executives Incentive-Based Compensation 
 This Policy applies to Incentive-Based Compensation received by a Covered Executive (a) after beginning services as a Covered Executive (b) if that person served as a Covered Executive at any time during the performance period for such Incentive-Based Compensation and (c) while the Company had a listed class of securities on a national securities exchange. This Policy does not apply to Incentive-Based Compensation received by a Covered Executive (x) while that person was serving in a non-executive capacity prior to becoming a Covered Executive or (y) who is a Covered Executive on the date on which the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement but who was not a Covered Executive at any time during the performance period for which the Incentive-Based Compensation is received. 
 4. Required Recoupment of Erroneously Awarded Compensation in the Event of an Accounting Restatement 
 In the event the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement, the Company shall promptly recoup the amount of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation received by any Covered Executive, as calculated pursuant to Section 5 hereof, relating to the Applicable Period. 
 5. Erroneously Awarded Compensation Amount Subject to Recovery 
 The amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation subject to recovery under the Policy, as determined by the Administrator, is the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation received by the Covered Executive that exceeds the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation that would have been received by the Covered Executive had such compensation been determined based on the restated amounts. 
 Erroneously Awarded Compensation shall be computed by the Administrator without regard to any taxes paid by the Covered Executive in respect of the Erroneously Awarded Compensation. By way of example, with respect to any compensation plans or programs that take into account Incentive-Based Compensation, the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation subject to recovery hereunder includes, but is not limited to, the amount contributed to any notional account based on Erroneously Awarded Compensation and any earnings accrued to date on that notional amount. 
 For Incentive-Based Compensation based on stock price or TSR (a) the Administrator shall determine the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the stock price or TSR upon which the Incentive-Based Compensation was received and (b) the Company shall maintain documentation of the determination of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to The Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq and the Covered Executive. 
 6. Method of Recoupment 
 The Administrator shall determine, in its sole discretion, the timing and method for reasonably promptly recouping Erroneously Awarded Compensation hereunder, which may include without limitation (a) seeking reimbursement of all or part of any cash or equity-based award, (b) cancelling prior cash or equity-based awards, whether vested or unvested or paid or unpaid, (c) cancelling or offsetting against any planned future cash or equity-based awards, (d) forfeiture of deferred compensation, subject to compliance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended IRC and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (e) any other method authorized by applicable law or contract. Subject to compliance with any applicable law, the Administrator may affect recovery under this Policy from any amount otherwise payable to the Covered Executive, including amounts payable to such individual under any otherwise applicable Company plan, program or contract, including base salary, bonuses or commissions and compensation previously deferred by the Covered Executive. 
 The Company is authorized and directed pursuant to this Policy to recoup Erroneously Awarded Compensation in compliance with this Policy unless the Compensation Committee has determined that recovery would be impracticable solely for the following limited reasons, and subject to the following procedural and disclosure requirements 
 
 3 

The direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing the Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered. Before concluding that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on expense of enforcement, the Administrator must make a reasonable attempt to recover such Erroneously Awarded Compensation, document such reasonable attempt(s) to recover and provide that documentation to Nasdaq 
 Recovery would violate any law of the United States that was adopted prior to November 28, 2022. Before concluding that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on a violation of law, the Administrator must satisfy the applicable opinion and disclosure requirements of Rule 10D-1 and the Listing Standards or 
 Recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of Sections 401(a)(13) or 411(a) of the IRC and the regulations thereunder. 
 If litigation becomes necessary to collect any Erroneously Awarded Compensation recoverable under this Policy, the Company shall be entitled to recover from the Covered Executive(s) all of its reasonable attorneys fees and costs of enforcement or collection. 
 7. No Additional Payments 
 In no event shall the Company be required to award Covered Executives an additional payment if the Accounting Restatement results in a higher Incentive-Based Compensation payment. 
 8. No Indemnification or Reimbursement of Covered Executives 
 Notwithstanding the terms of any other policy, program, agreement or arrangement, in no event will the Company or any of its affiliates indemnify or reimburse a Covered Executive for any loss under this Policy and in no event will the Company or any of its affiliates pay premiums or reimburse the Covered Executive for premiums he or she paid on any insurance policy that would cover a Covered Executive s potential obligations with respect to Erroneously Awarded Compensation under this Policy. 
 9. Administrator Indemnification 
 Any members of the Administrator, and any other members of the Board or officers of the Company who assist in the administration of this Policy, shall not be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made with respect to this Policy and shall be fully indemnified by the Company to the fullest extent under applicable law and Company policy with respect to any such action, determination or interpretation. The foregoing sentence shall not limit any other rights to indemnification of the members of the Board under applicable law or Company policy. 
 10. Effective Date Retroactive Application 
 This Policy shall be effective as of December 1, 2023 (the Effective Date ). The terms of this Policy shall apply to any Incentive-Based Compensation that is received by Covered Executives on or after the Effective Date, even if such Incentive-Based Compensation was approved, awarded, granted or paid to Covered Executives prior to the Effective Date. Without limiting the generality of Section 6 hereof, and subject to applicable law, the Administrator may affect recovery under this Policy from any amount of compensation approved, awarded, granted, payable or paid to the Covered Executive prior to, on or after the Effective Date. This Policy shall supersede and replace any existing policy regarding compensation recovery previously approved by the Board. 
 4 

11. Acknowledgement by Covered Executives Condition to Eligibility for Incentive-Based Compensation. 
 The Company will provide notice and seek acknowledgement of this Policy from each Covered Executive, provided that the failure to provide such notice or obtain such acknowledgement will have no impact on the applicability or enforceability of this Policy. After the Effective Date, the Company must be in receipt of a Covered Executive s acknowledgement as a condition to such Covered Executive s eligibility to receive Incentive-Based Compensation awarded or received after such date. All Incentive-Based Compensation subject to this Policy will not be earned, even if already paid, until the Policy ceases to apply to such Incentive-Based Compensation and any other vesting conditions applicable to such Incentive-Based Compensation are satisfied. 
 12. Amendment Termination 
 The Board may amend, modify, supplement, rescind or replace all or any portion of this Policy at any time and from time to time in its discretion, and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary to comply with applicable law or any rules or standards adopted by a national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. 
 13. Other Recoupment Rights Company Claims 
 The Board intends that this Policy shall be applied to the fullest extent of the law. Any right of recoupment under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recoupment that may be available to the Company under applicable law or pursuant to the terms of any similar policy in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement and any other legal remedies available to the Company. 
 Nothing contained in this Policy, and no recoupment or recovery as contemplated by this Policy, shall limit any claims, damages or other legal remedies the Company or any of its affiliates may have against a Covered Executive arising out of or resulting from any actions or omissions by the Covered Executive. 
 14. Successors 
 This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. 
 15. Exhibit Filing Requirement 
 A copy of this Policy and any amendments thereto shall be posted on the Company s website and filed as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 5 

</EX-97>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 cffn-20230930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 cffn-20230930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 cffn-20230930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 cffn-20230930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 cffn-20230930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

