<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231006_10-K_edgar_data_1512228_0001539497-23-001700.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11300851</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>507197</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2553328</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3906302</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1885361</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2134819</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>28</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001539497-23-001700.hdr.sgml : 20231006
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231006172853
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001539497-23-001700
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		145
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231006
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231006

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NIOCORP DEVELOPMENTS LTD
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001512228
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41655
		FILM NUMBER:		231315001

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7000 S. YOSEMITE STREET
		STREET 2:		STE. 115
		CITY:			CENTENNIAL
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		720-639-4647

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7000 S. YOSEMITE STREET
		STREET 2:		STE. 115
		CITY:			CENTENNIAL
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	QUANTUM RARE EARTH DEVELOPMENTS CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110204

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001539497-23-001700.txt : 20231006

10-K
 1
 n2574_x163-10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D. C. 20549 

 FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For
 the fiscal year ended 
 
 OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For
the transition period from to 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

British
 Columbia, Canada 

(State or other jurisdiction
 of incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer
 Identification No.) 

, , 
 (Address
of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
Code) 

Registrant s
 telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files). 

 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer 
 
 Accelerated Filer 

Smaller
Reporting Company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the
registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b).

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

At
December 31, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates
of the registrant was million based on the closing sale price as reported on the Toronto Stock Exchange and the daily exchange
rate as reported by the Bank of Canada for conversion of Canadian dollars into United States dollars. There were common shares outstanding on October 6, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Not
applicable. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Contents 

Select Mining Definitions 
 i 
 
 Metric Equivalents 
 v 
 
 Mineral Reserves and Resources 
 vi 
 
 Currency and Exchange Rates 
 vi 
 
 PART I 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 

Introduction 
 1 

Historical Development of the Business 
 1 

Business Operations 
 4 

Competitive Business Conditions 
 5 

Cycles 
 5 

Economic Dependence 
 6 

Government Regulation 
 6 

Human Capital 
 8 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 8 

Available Information 
 10 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 10 

Risks Related to Our Business 
 10 

Risks Related to Mining and Development 
 16 

Risks Related to Government Regulation 
 20 

Risks Related to Our Debt 
 22 

Risks Related to the Common Shares 
 22 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 25 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 26 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 44 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 44 
 
 PART II 
 44 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 44 

Market Information 
 44 

Holders 
 44 

Dividends 
 45 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 45 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Company 
 45 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 45 

Exchange Controls 
 45 

Certain Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations for U.S. Residents 
 45 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 RESERVED 
 47 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 47 

Summary of Consolidated Financial and Operating Performance 
 47 

Results of Operations 
 47 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 50 

Cash Flow Considerations 
 55 

Environmental 
 56 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 56 

Accounting Developments 
 56 

Critical Accounting Estimates and Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 56 

Other 
 58 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 59 

Interest rate risk 
 59 

Foreign currency exchange risk 
 59 

Commodity price risk 
 59 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 59 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 94 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 94 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 96 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION 
 96 
 
 PART III 
 97 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 97 

Directors and Executive Officers 
 97 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 102 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 108 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 112 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 112 
 
 PART IV 
 114 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 114 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10 K SUMMARY 
 118 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 119 

Select
Mining Definitions 

carbonatite 
 A
 type of intrusive or extrusive igneous rock defined by mineralogic composition consisting of greater than 50 carbonate minerals. 
 
 cut-off
 grade 
 The
 grade (i.e., the concentration of metal or mineral in rock) that determines the destination of the material during mining.
 For purposes of establishing prospects of economic extraction, the cut-off grade is the grade that distinguishes
 material deemed to have no economic value (it will not be mined in underground mining or if mined in surface mining, its destination
 will be the waste dump) from material deemed to have economic value (its ultimate destination during mining will be a processing
 facility). Other terms used in similar fashion as cut-off grade include net smelter return, pay limit, and break-even stripping
 ratio. 
 
 deposit 
 A
 mineralized body which has been physically delineated by sufficient drilling, trenching, and/or underground work, and found
 to contain a sufficient average grade of metal or metals to warrant further exploration and/or development expenditures. Such
 a deposit does not qualify as a commercially mineable ore body or as containing reserves or ore, unless final legal, technical,
 and economic factors are resolved. 
 
 development
 stage issuer 
 An
 issuer that is engaged in the preparation of mineral reserves for extraction on at least one material property 
 
 development
 stage property 
 A
 property that has mineral reserves disclosed, pursuant to Regulation S-K 1300, but no material extraction 
 
 diamond
 drilling 
 A
 type of rotary drilling in which diamond bits are used as the rock-cutting tool to produce a recoverable drill core sample
 of rock for observation and analysis 
 
 dysprosium
 or Dy 
 The
 chemical element with an atomic number 66. It is a rare-earth element in the lanthanide series. 
 
 dysprosium
 oxide 
 The
 chemical compound composed of dysprosium and oxygen with the formula Dy 2 O 3 
 
 economically
 viable 
 When
 used in the context of mineral reserve determination, means that the qualified person has determined, using a discounted cash
 flow analysis, or has otherwise analytically determined, that extraction of the mineral reserve is economically viable under
 reasonable investment and market assumptions 
 
 feasibility
 study 
 A
 comprehensive technical and economic study of the selected development option for a mineral
 project, which includes detailed assessments of all applicable modifying factors, as
 defined under S-K 1300, together with any other relevant operational factors, and detailed
 financial analysis that are necessary to demonstrate, at the time of reporting, that
 extraction is economically viable. The results of the study may serve as the basis for
 a final decision by a proponent or financial institution to proceed with, or finance,
 the development of the project. 
 
 (1)
 A feasibility study is more comprehensive, and with a higher degree of accuracy, than a pre-feasibility study. It must
 contain mining, infrastructure, and process designs completed with sufficient rigor to serve as the basis for an investment
 decision or to support project financing. 
 
 (2)
 The confidence level in the results of a feasibility study is higher than the confidence level in the results of a pre-feasibility
 study. Terms such as full , final , 

i 

comprehensive ,
 bankable , or definitive feasibility study are equivalent to feasibility study. 
 
 ferroniobium
 or FeNb 
 An
 iron-niobium alloy, with a niobium content of 60-70 
 
 indicated
 mineral resource 
 That
 part of a mineral resource for which quantity and grade or quality are estimated on the basis of adequate geological evidence
 and sampling. The level of geological certainty associated with an indicated mineral resource is sufficient to allow a qualified
 person to apply modifying factors in sufficient detail to support mine planning and evaluation of the economic viability of
 the deposit. Because an indicated mineral resource has a lower level of confidence than the level of confidence of a measured
 mineral resource, an indicated mineral resource may only be converted to a probable mineral reserve. 
 
 inferred
 mineral resource 
 That
 part of a mineral resource for which quantity and grade or quality are estimated on the basis of limited geological evidence
 and sampling. The level of geological uncertainty associated with an inferred mineral resource is too high to apply relevant
 technical and economic factors likely to influence the prospects of economic extraction in a manner useful for evaluation
 of economic viability. Because an inferred mineral resource has the lowest level of geological confidence of all mineral resources,
 which prevents the application of the modifying factors in a manner useful for evaluation of economic viability, an inferred
 mineral resource may not be considered when assessing the economic viability of a mining project, and may not be converted
 to a mineral reserve. 
 
 LoM 
 Life
 of Mine, the period from the beginning of construction to the end of mine life 
 
 measured
 mineral resource 
 That
 part of a mineral resource for which quantity and grade or quality are estimated on the basis of conclusive geological evidence
 and sampling. The level of geological certainty associated with a measured mineral resource is sufficient to allow a qualified
 person to apply modifying factors, as defined in this section, in sufficient detail to support detailed mine planning and
 final evaluation of the economic viability of the deposit. Because a measured mineral resource has a higher level of confidence
 than the level of confidence of either an indicated mineral resource or an inferred mineral resource, a measured mineral resource
 may be converted to a proven mineral reserve or to a probable mineral reserve. 
 
 mineral
 reserve 
 An
 estimate of tonnage and grade or quality of indicated and measured mineral resources that, in the opinion of the qualified
 person, can be the basis of an economically viable project. More specifically, it is the economically mineable part of a measured
 or indicated mineral resource, which includes diluting materials and allowances for losses that may occur when the material
 is mined or extracted. 
 
 mineral
 resource 
 A
 concentration or occurrence of material of economic interest in or on the Earth s crust in such form, grade or quality,
 and quantity that there are reasonable prospects for economic extraction. A mineral resource is a reasonable estimate of mineralization,
 taking into account relevant factors such as cut-off grade, likely mining dimensions, location or continuity, that, with the
 assumed and justifiable technical and economic conditions, is likely to, in whole or in part, become economically extractable.
 It is not merely an inventory of all mineralization drilled or sampled. 
 
 modifying
 factors 
 The
 factors that a qualified person must apply to indicated and measured mineral resources and then evaluate in order to establish
 the economic viability of mineral reserves. A qualified person must apply and evaluate modifying factors to convert 

ii 

measured
 and indicated mineral resources to proven and probable mineral reserves. These factors include, but are not restricted to:
 mining; processing; metallurgical; infrastructure; economic; marketing; legal; environmental compliance; plans, negotiations,
 or agreements with local individuals or groups; and governmental factors. The number, type and specific characteristics of
 the modifying factors applied will necessarily be a function of and depend upon the mineral, mine, property, or project. 
 
 niobium
 or Nb 
 The
 element niobium (atomic number 41), a transition metal primarily used in the production of high-strength, low-alloy steel 
 
 Nb 2 O 5 
 Niobium
 pentoxide, a commercial form of refined niobium 
 
 neodymium
 oxide 
 The
 chemical compound composed of neodymium and oxygen with the formula Nd 2 O 3 
 
 NSR 
 Net
 Smelter Return, the net revenue that the owner of a mining property receives from the sale of the mine s products less
 transportation and refining costs 
 
 praseodymium
 oxide 
 The
 chemical compound composed of praseodymium and oxygen with the formula Pr 2 O 3 
 
 probable
 mineral reserve 
 The
 economically mineable part of an indicated and, in some cases, a measured mineral resource 
 
 production
 stage property 
 A
 property with material extraction of mineral reserves 
 
 proven
 mineral reserve 
 The
 economically mineable part of a measured mineral resource and can only result from conversion of a measured mineral resource 
 
 qualified
 person 
 An
 individual who is: 
 
 (1) A
 mineral industry professional with at least five years of relevant experience in the type of mineralization and type of
 deposit under consideration and in the specific type of activity that person is undertaking on behalf of the registrant;
 and 
 
 (2) An
 eligible member or licensee in good standing of a recognized professional organization at the time the technical report
 is prepared. For an organization to be a recognized professional organization, it must: 
 
 (i) Be either: 
 
 (A) An organization recognized within the mining industry as a reputable professional association; or 
 
 (B) A board authorized by Unites States federal, state, or foreign statute to regulate professionals in the mining, geoscience,
 or related field; 
 
 (ii) Admit eligible members primarily on the basis of their academic qualifications and experience; 
 
 (iii) Establish and require compliance with professional standards of competence and ethics; 
 
 (iv) Require
 or encourage continuing professional development; 
 
 (v) Have
 and apply disciplinary powers, including the power to suspend or expel a member regardless of where the member practices or
 resides; and 

iii 

(vi) Provide a public list of members in good standing. 
 
 rare
 earth elements, rare earths or REEs 
 A
 group of 15 elements referred to as the lanthanide series in the periodic table of elements. Scandium and yttrium, while not
 true REEs, are also included in this categorization because they exhibit similar properties to the lanthanides and are found
 in the same ore bodies. Individual mineral deposits may not contain all REEs in economically recoverable quantities. 
 
 rare
 earth products 
 Commercial
 rare earth products currently being examined for production by the Company, including neodymium-praseodymium oxide (sometimes
 referred to as didymium oxide), dysprosium oxide, and terbium oxide. These are the primary rare earths compounds used to manufacture
 the world s most powerful permanent magnets. 
 
 relevant
 experience 
 For
 purposes of determining whether a party is a qualified person, that the party has experience
 in the specific type of activity that the person is undertaking on behalf of the registrant.
 If the qualified person is preparing or supervising the preparation of a technical report
 concerning exploration results, the relevant experience must be in exploration. If the
 qualified person is estimating, or supervising the estimation of mineral resources, the
 relevant experience must be in the estimation, assessment and evaluation of mineral resources
 and associated technical and economic factors likely to influence the prospect of economic
 extraction. If the qualified person is estimating, or supervising the estimation of mineral
 reserves, the relevant experience must be in engineering and other disciplines required
 for the estimation, assessment, evaluation, and economic extraction of mineral reserves. 
 
 (1) Relevant
 experience also means, for purposes of determining whether a party is a qualified person, that the party has experience
 evaluating the specific type of mineral deposit under consideration (e.g., coal, metal, base metal, industrial mineral,
 or mineral brine). The type of experience necessary to qualify as relevant is a facts and circumstances determination.
 For example, experience in a high-nugget, vein-type mineralization such as tin or tungsten would likely be relevant experience
 for estimating mineral resources for vein-gold mineralization, whereas experience in a low grade disseminated gold deposit
 likely would not be relevant. 
 
 Note
 1 to Paragraph (1) of the Definition of Relevant Experience : It is not always necessary for a person to have five
 years experience in each and every type of deposit in order to be an eligible qualified person if that person has
 relevant experience in similar deposit types. For example, a person with 20 years experience in estimating mineral
 resources for a variety of metalliferous hard-rock deposit types may not require as much as five years of specific experience
 in porphyry-copper deposits to act as a qualified person. Relevant experience in the other deposit types could count towards
 the experience in relation to porphyry-copper deposits. 
 
 (2) For a qualified person providing a technical report for exploration results or mineral resource estimates, relevant experience
 also requires, in addition to experience in the type of mineralization, sufficient experience with the sampling and analytical
 techniques, as well as extraction and processing techniques, relevant to the mineral deposit under consideration. Sufficient
 experience means that level of experience necessary to be able to identify, with substantial confidence, problems that
 could affect the reliability of data and issues associated with processing. 

iv 

(3) For a qualified person applying the modifying factors, as defined by this section, to
 convert mineral resources to mineral reserves, relevant experience also requires: 
 
 (i) Sufficient
 knowledge and experience in the application of these factors to the mineral deposit under consideration; and 
 
 (ii) Experience
 with the geology, geostatistics, mining, extraction, and processing that is applicable to the type of mineral and mining
 under consideration. 

S-K
 1300 
 Subpart
 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC 
 
 S-K
 1300 Elk Creek Technical Report Summary 
 A
 technical report summary for the Elk Creek Project that conforms to S-K 1300 reporting standards, with an effective date of
 June 30, 2022, originally filed as Exhibit 96.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
 June 30, 2022, and incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 
 scandium
 or Sc 
 The
 element scandium (atomic number 21), a transition metal used as an alloying agent with aluminum that provides high strength
 and lower weight for aerospace industry components and other applications that need lightweight metals. It also is used in
 the electrolyte layer of solid oxide fuel cells. 
 
 Sc 2 O 3 
 Scandium
 trioxide, the primary form of refined scandium 
 
 terbium
 oxide 
 The
 chemical compound composed of terbium and oxygen with the formula Tb 2 O 3 
 
 titanium
 or Ti 
 The
 element titanium (atomic number 22), a transition metal which in its oxide form is a common pigment in paper, paint, and plastic.
 In its metallic form, titanium is used in aerospace applications, armor, chemical processing applications, marine hardware
 applications, medical implants, power generation, and in sporting goods. 
 
 TiO 2 
 Titanium
 dioxide, a commercial form of refined titanium 

Metric
Equivalents 

For
ease of reference, the following factors for converting Imperial measurements into metric equivalents are provided: 

To
convert from Imperial 
 
 To
metric 
 
 Multiply
by 
 
 Acres 
 
 Hectares 
 
 0.4047 
 
 Feet
 ft 
 
 Meters
 m 
 
 0.3048 
 
 Miles 
 
 Kilometers
 km 
 
 1.6093 
 
 Tons 
 
 Tonnes
 t 
 
 0.9072 

1
 mile = 1.6093 kilometers 
 
 1
 acre = 0.4047 hectares 
 
 2,204.62
 pounds = 1 metric tonne = 1 tonne 
 
 2000
 pounds (1 short ton) = 0.9072 tonnes 

v 

Mineral
Reserves and Resources 

Information
concerning our mining property in this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of S-K
1300, which first became applicable to us for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. All mineral resource and mineral reserve estimates
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been prepared in accordance with S-K 1300. Previously, we prepared our estimates
of mineral resources and mineral reserves following only National Instrument 43-101 of the Canadian Securities Administrators
entitled Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects NI 43-101 and the Canadian Institute of Mining
and Metallurgy CIM Definition Standards For Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves, May 10, 2014. 
The CIM-compliant NI 43-101 technical report (the NI 43-101 Elk Creek Technical Report for the Company s
niobium, scandium, and titanium project (the Elk Creek Project and S-K 1300 Elk Creek Technical Report Summary,
filed as Exhibit 96.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 and incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K, are based on a feasibility study prepared by qualified persons (the
 2022 Elk Creek Feasibility Study and are substantively identical to one another except for internal references
to the regulations under which the report is made, and certain organizational differences. In addition, S-K 1300 requires us to
disclose our mineral resources, in addition to our mineral reserves, as of the end of our most recently completed fiscal year.
You are cautioned that mineral resources are subject to further exploration and development and are subject to additional risks
and no assurance can be given that they will eventually convert to future reserves. Inferred resources, in particular, have a
great amount of uncertainty as to their existence and their economic and legal feasibility. Investors are cautioned not to assume
that any part or all of the inferred resource exists or is economically or legally mineable. See Item 1A, Risk Factors. 

Currency
and Exchange Rates 

All
dollar amounts in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are expressed in United States U.S. dollars unless otherwise
indicated. The Company s accounts are maintained in U.S. dollars and the Company s consolidated financial statements
are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ). Some of the Company s
significant agreements, as well as certain vendors, use Canadian dollars. As used herein, C represents Canadian
dollars. 

The
following table sets forth the rate of exchange for the Canadian dollar, expressed in U.S. dollars in effect at the end of the
periods indicated, the average of exchange rates in effect during such periods, and the high and low exchange rates during such
periods based on the daily rate of exchange as reported by the Bank of Canada for conversion of Canadian dollars into U.S. dollars. 

Fiscal
Year Ended June 30, 

2023 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Canadian
 Dollars to U.S. Dollars 

Rate
 at end of period 
 
 0.7553 
 
 0.7760 
 
 0.8068 
 
 Average
 rate for period 
 
 0.7467 
 
 0.7900 
 
 0.7807 
 
 High
 for period 
 
 0.7841 
 
 0.8111 
 
 0.8306 
 
 Low
 for period 
 
 0.7217 
 
 0.7669 
 
 0.7344 

vi 

PART
I 

ITEM
 1. BUSINESS 

Introduction 

NioCorp
Developments Ltd. NioCorp, we, us, our, or the Company was incorporated under the laws of the Province of British Columbia under the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) on
February 27, 1987, under the name IPC International Prospector Corp. On May 22, 1991, we changed our name to Kingston
Resources Ltd. On June 29, 2001, we changed our name to Butler Developments Corp. On February 12, 2009, we
changed our name to Butler Resource Corp. On March 4, 2010, we changed our name to Quantum Rare Earth Developments
Corp. On March 4, 2013, we changed our name to NioCorp Developments Ltd. 

NioCorp
is a reporting issuer in British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, Ontario, and New Brunswick. Our registered and records office
is located at 595 Burrard Street, Suite 2600, Vancouver, British Columbia V7X 1L3 (ATTN: Blake, Cassels Graydon LLP). Our
principal executive office is located at 7000 South Yosemite Street, Suite 115, Centennial, Colorado 80112. 

Historical
Development of the Business 

During
2009 and 2010, the Company commenced mineral exploration activities in the Elk Creek, Nebraska area, including negotiations with
local landowners for land access agreements. The acquisition of the carbonatite property located in Southeast Nebraska, USA (the
 Elk Creek Property was closed in December 2010 and involved the purchase of all of the issued and outstanding common
shares of 0859404 BC Ltd., a private British Columbia company, which in turn held 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of
Elk Creek Resources Corp., a Nebraska corporation Old ECRC ), and was signatory to the option agreements covering
the Elk Creek Property area. A new Canadian company, 0886338 BC Ltd. was formed to merge with 0859404 BC Ltd., and this merged
entity was subsequently amalgamated into 0896800 B.C. Ltd., a private British Columbia company and a wholly owned subsidiary of
the Company 0896800 ). 

The
Company commenced a field exploration program in 2011, which included verification of previous work which was completed on the
Elk Creek Property in the 1970s and 1980s, re-assaying of historic drill core, an airborne geophysical survey and the completion
of five new diamond drillholes. The available data for the Elk Creek Property was compiled into an updated NI 43-101 resource
estimate for the Elk Creek Project, which was issued in April 2012. Additional drilling and NI 43-101 technical reports, including
resource updates and preliminary economic assessments, were completed and issued by the Company in 2014 and 2015. 

During
fiscal years 2016 and 2017, the Company focused on feasibility study development, and on June 30, 2017, we announced the completion
of a NI 43-101 technical report for the Elk Creek Project (the 2017 NI 43-101 Elk Creek Technical Report ). In connection
with a review by the Ontario Securities and Exchange Commission, on December 15, 2017, the Company filed a revised 2017 NI 43-101
Elk Creek Technical Report. This revised report contained no changes to any previously reported numbers or forecasted economic
returns of the Elk Creek Project from those contained in the originally filed 2017 NI 43-101 Elk Creek Technical Report. 

During
fiscal year 2019, we received a new mine design based on detailed underground engineering conducted by The Nordmin Group of Companies Nordmin along with an updated mineral resource and mineral reserve. On April 16, 2019, we announced the results
of the updated underground mine design and supporting infrastructure, the results of an update to the Elk Creek Project, and the
filing of an NI 43-101 technical report for the Elk Creek Project based on the new mine design. During fiscal year 2020, the Company
focused efforts on advancing detailed engineering of the surface and underground facilities and negotiating the follow-on contracts
associated with the planned construction of the surface and underground features of the project, as well as obtaining a State
of Nebraska permit which describes all the prospective air emissions from a facility (the Air Permit ). The Air Permit
required the completion of an air quality model that demonstrates compliance with the U.S. National Ambient Air Quality Standards
limits on atmospheric concentration of six pollutants that cause smog, acid rain, and other health hazards, as established by
the EPA NAAQS ). The final Air Permit was issued by the State of Nebraska on June 2, 2020, for the Elk Creek Project. 

1 

During
fiscal year 2021, we obtained funding which allowed us to purchase land and mineral rights at the Elk Creek Property and continue
early project execution activities. With the acquisition of the land and mineral rights, the Company now owns the surface land
on which the Elk Creek Project s mine infrastructure and supporting operations will be located once sufficient project financing
is obtained, along with ownership of the mineral rights to more than 90 of the Elk Creek Project s mineral resources and
mineral reserves. 

During
fiscal year 2022, we focused efforts towards refining our Elk Creek Project mineral resource and mineral reserve estimates with
respect to REEs. This work included additional assays of historical drill core to fill data gaps in the existing resource database
and re-modeling. Based on this re-interpretation of the geologic data, an update to the mine plan was also completed. Based on
this work, we issued the 2022 NI 43-101 Elk Creek Technical Report on June 28, 2022, and filed the S-K 1300 Elk Creek Technical
Report Summary as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

During
fiscal year 2022, we also advanced our efforts to optimize our process design to contemplate the recovery and production of REEs,
including completion of bench and pilot scale testing on elements of the current metallurgical flowsheet. This work illustrated
that NioCorp could recover and produce high purity, fully separated magnetic rare earth products, such as neodymium-praseodymium
oxide, dysprosium oxide, and terbium oxide in addition to the niobium, scandium, and titanium products already planned for production
by the Company, once Project financing is secured and additional work has been completed on the technical and economic feasibility
of adding REEs to the Elk Creek Project s existing planned product suite. Following the success of this testing, the Company
advanced the construction of a demonstration-scale processing plant located in Trois-Rivieres, Quebec built by the Company and
L3 Process Development L3 and operated by L3 (the Demonstration Plant ). 

During
fiscal year 2023, we completed construction and operated the Demonstration Plant. The Demonstration Plant results showed higher
recoveries for our primary niobium product, much higher recoveries and a higher value titanium product in the form of titanium
tetrachloride, and a high recovery rate for the three planned rare earth oxides of consequence: neodymium/praseodymium oxide,
dysprosium oxide and terbium oxide. In addition, we completed initial site preparation work at the Elk Creek Project, which consisted
of tree and brush clearing. A geotechnical investigation at the project site was also completed, which involved excavated test
pits, geotechnical borings and the installation of shallow groundwater piezometers. The geotechnical program generated valuable
data for the firms that are working on the detailed design of the facilities and infrastructure associated with the Elk Creek
Project. 

Information
regarding the Elk Creek Project is discussed below under Item 2., Properties. 

Corporate
Structure 

The
Company s business operations are conducted primarily through ECRC (as defined below). The table below provides an overview
of the Company s current subsidiaries and their activities. 

Name 
 
 State/Province
of Formation 
 
 Ownership 
 
 Business 
 
 0896800
 B.C. Ltd. 
 
 British
 Columbia 
 
 100 
 by the Company 
 
 The
 only business of 0896800 is to hold the shares of Class A common stock of ECRC 
 
 Elk
 Creek Resources Corp. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100 
of the Class A common stock through 0896800 
 
 The
 business of ECRC is the development of the Elk Creek Project 

Recent
Corporate Events 

The
Transactions 

On
March 17, 2023 (the Closing Date ), the Company closed a series of transactions (the GXII Transaction pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2022 (the Business Combination Agreement ),
by and among the Company, GX Acquisition Corp. II, a Delaware corporation GXII ), and Big Red Merger Sub Ltd., a
Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ). Pursuant to the Business
Combination Agreement, the GXII Transaction was accounted for as an equity raise 

2 

transaction in accordance with U.S. GAAP. At
the Closing of the GXII Transaction (the Closing ), the following transactions occurred: 

As
 a result of a series of transactions, including, without limitation, the mergers of Merger Sub and Old ECRC with and into
 GXII, with GXII surviving such mergers, GXII became an indirect, majority-owned subsidiary of NioCorp and changed its name
 to Elk Creek Resources Corp , which we refer to as ECRC . 

As
 the parent company of the merged entity, NioCorp issued 1,753,821 post-Reverse Stock Split common shares of the Corporation
 (the Common Shares in exchange for all of the Class A shares of GXII issued and outstanding immediately prior
 to the Closing, including 83,770 Common Shares issued to BTIG, LLC in exchange for Class A shares of GXII that it received
 as partial payment for advisory services. 

All
 of the Class B shares of GXII issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Closing (after giving effect to the surrender
 of certain Class B shares of GXII in accordance with the Sponsor Support Agreement, dated September 25, 2022 (the Sponsor
 Support Agreement ), among GX Sponsor II LLC (the Sponsor ), GXII, the Company, and the other persons party
 thereto, were converted into 7,957,404 shares of Class B common stock of GXII (now known as ECRC) as the surviving entity
 of the mergers that occurred on the Closing Date as part of the GXII Transaction. Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement,
 the Sponsor Support Agreement and the Exchange Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2023 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise
 modified, the Exchange Agreement ), by and among NioCorp, ECRC and the Sponsor, after the Closing, the shares
 of Class B common stock of ECRC are exchangeable into Common Shares on a one-for-one basis, subject to certain equitable adjustments,
 under certain conditions. Of the issued and outstanding shares of Class B common stock of ECRC, 4,565,808 shares (the Vested
 Shares were vested as of the Closing Date and are exchangeable at any time, and from time to time, until the
 tenth anniversary of the Closing Date (the Ten-Year Anniversary and 3,391,596 shares (the Earnout Shares are exchangeable until the Ten-Year Anniversary, subject to certain vesting conditions. See Note 10 to the consolidated financial
 statements included in Part II, Item 8 hereof for additional information regarding the Class B common stock of ECRC. 

NioCorp
 assumed GXII s obligations under the agreement governing the GXII share purchase warrants (the GXII Warrants and issued an aggregate of 15,666,626 warrants (the NioCorp Assumed Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate
 of 17,519,864 Common Shares. The NioCorp Assumed Warrants issued at the Closing consisted of (a) 9,999,959 public NioCorp
 Assumed Warrants (the Public Warrants that were issued in respect of the GXII Warrants that were publicly traded
 prior to the Closing and (b) 5,666,667 NioCorp Assumed Warrants (the Private Warrants that were issued to the
 Sponsor in respect of the GXII Warrants that it held prior to the Closing, which NioCorp Assumed Warrants were subsequently
 distributed by the Sponsor to its members in connection with the Closing. See Note 11b to the consolidated financial statements
 included in Part II, Item 8 hereof for additional information regarding the NioCorp Assumed Warrants. 

On
the Closing Date, the Company also effected a reverse stock split (the Reverse Stock Split based on one (1) post-Reverse
Stock Split Common Share for every ten (10) pre-Reverse Stock Split Common Shares issued and outstanding effectuated by the Company
on the Closing Date. Any fractional shares resulting from the Reverse Stock Split were rounded down to the nearest whole Common
Share. 

As
part of the GXII Transaction, on January 26, 2023, the Company entered into definitive agreements with respect to two separate
financing packages with YA II PN, Ltd., an investment fund managed by Yorkville Advisors Global, LP Yorkville ),
including: 

A
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 26, 2023 (as amended, the Yorkville
 Convertible Debt Financing Agreement ), between the Company and Yorkville, under
 which the Company issued to Yorkville unsecured convertible debentures in the original
 aggregate principal amount of 16.0 million (the Convertible Debentures and Common Share purchase warrants, exercisable for up to 1,789,267 Common Shares for
 cash or, if at any time there is no effective registration statement registering, or
 no current prospectus available for, the resale of the underlying Common Shares, on a
 cashless basis, at the option of the holder, at a price per Common Share of approximately
 8.9422, subject to adjustment to give effect to any stock dividend, stock split, reverse
 stock split or similar transaction (the Financing Warrants ), on the 

3 

Closing
Date, for gross proceeds of 15.36 million (the Yorkville Convertible Debt Facility Financing and. 

A
 Standby Equity Purchase Agreement, dated January 26, 2023 (the Yorkville Equity
 Facility Financing Agreement ), between the Company and Yorkville, under which
 Yorkville agreed to purchase up to 65.0 million of Common Shares over the next three
 years, at NioCorp s direction and subject to certain restrictions (the Yorkville
 Equity Facility Financing ). 

These
financing packages are further discussed below under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Financing Activities . 

The
transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, including the GXII Transaction, the Yorkville Convertible Debt
Facility Financing, the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing, and the Reverse Stock Split are referred to, collectively, as the
 Transactions. 

The
number of Common Shares issued and outstanding immediately following the consummation of the Transactions were as follows: 

Common
 Shares 

Percentage 

Legacy
 NioCorp Shareholders 

28,246,621 

93.90 

Former GXII Class
 A Shareholders 1 

1,753,821 

5.83 

Other 2 

81,213 

0.27 

Total Common Shares
 Outstanding Upon Completion of Transactions 

30,081,655 

100 

1 
 Includes
 83,770 Common Shares issued to BTIG, LLC in exchange for Class A shares of GXII that it received as partial payment for advisory
 services. 

2 
 Represents
 Commitment Shares (as defined below) issued under the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement. 

After
consideration of GXII expenses incurred in connection with the Transactions, the Company acquired net cash of approximately 2.2
million and assumed net liabilities of approximately 0.4 million. We also assumed Private Warrant liabilities and the Earnout
Shares liability, which were initially recorded at their non-cash fair market value of approximately 3.0 million and approximately
 13.2 million, respectively. The Company incurred expenses related to the Transactions of approximately 6.8 million, all of which
were recorded as other operating expenses. 

In
addition, in connection with the Transactions, the Common Shares and the NioCorp Assumed Warrants were listed for trading on The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ). The Common Shares and the NioCorp Assumed Warrants began trading on the Nasdaq
Global Market and the Nasdaq Capital Market, respectively, on March 21, 2023, under the symbols NB and NIOBW, 
respectively. The Common Shares continued to trade on the Toronto Stock Exchange (the TSX under the symbol NB, 
and began trading on the Nasdaq on a post-Reverse Stock Split basis on March 21, 2023. The Common Shares ceased being quoted on
the U.S. over the counter markets in connection with the commencement of trading on the Nasdaq Global Market. 

Business
Operations 

NioCorp
is a mineral exploration company engaged in the acquisition, exploration, and development of mineral properties. NioCorp, through
ECRC, is developing a superalloy materials project that, if and when developed, will produce niobium, scandium, titanium, and
potentially, rare earth products. Known as the Elk Creek Project, it is located near Elk Creek, Nebraska, in the
southeast portion of the state. 

Niobium
 is used to produce various superalloys that are extensively used in high performance
 aircraft and jet turbines. It also is used in high-strength, low-alloy steel, a stronger
 steel used in automobiles, bridges, structural systems, buildings, pipelines, and other
 applications that generally enables those applications to be stronger and lighter in
 mass. This lightweighting benefit often results in environmental benefits,
 including reduced fuel consumption and material usage, which can result in fewer air
 emissions. 

4 

Scandium
 can be combined with aluminum to make super-high-performance alloys with increased strength
 and improved corrosion resistance. Scandium also is a critical component of advanced
 solid oxide fuel cells, an environmentally preferred technology for high-reliability,
 distributed electricity generation. 

Titanium
 is a component of various superalloys and other applications that are used for aerospace
 applications, weapons systems, protective armor, medical implants and many others. It
 also is used in pigments for paper, paint, and plastics. 

During
fiscal year 2023, the Company completed work at its Demonstration Plant that confirmed metallurgical recoveries for magnetic rare
earth products. Additional work is needed to modify the design of the proposed surface plant to make these products and to determine
the capital cost of these modifications. 

Our
primary business strategy is to advance our Elk Creek Project to commercial production. We are focused on obtaining additional
funds to carry out our near-term planned work programs associated with securing the project financing necessary to complete detailed
design, development, and construction of the Elk Creek Project. 

Competitive
Business Conditions 

There
is significant competition within the minerals industry to discover and acquire mineral properties considered to have commercial
potential. We compete for the opportunity to participate in promising exploration projects with other entities. In addition, we
compete with others in efforts to obtain financing to acquire and explore mineral properties, acquire and utilize mineral exploration
equipment, and hire qualified mineral exploration personnel. We may compete with other mining companies for mining claims in regions
adjacent to our existing claims, or in other parts of the world should we dedicate resources to doing so in the future. These
companies may be better capitalized than us and we may have difficulty in expanding our holdings through the staking or acquisition
of additional mining claims or other mineral tenures. 

In
competing for qualified mineral exploration personnel, we may be required to pay compensation or benefits relatively higher than
those paid in the past, and the availability of qualified personnel may be limited in high-demand mining periods, such as was
the case in past years when the price of gold and other metals was higher than it is now. 

Cycles 

The
mining business is subject to mineral price cycles. The marketability of minerals and mineral concentrates is also affected by
worldwide economic cycles. At the present time, strong demand for some minerals in many countries is lifting commodity prices,
although it is difficult to assess how long such trends may continue. Fluctuations in supply and demand in various regions throughout
the world are common. 

The
following table sets forth commodity prices for the last five calendar years for the ferroniobium, scandium trioxide and titanium
dioxide products the Company anticipates extracting from its Elk Creek Project. These pricing surveys may not be representative
of the pricing that the Company anticipates achieving for its products once commercial production begins from its Elk Creek Project. 

Year 
 Ferroniobium 
 U.S. Price /kg-Nb) 1) 
 Sc 2 O 3 
 U.S. Price /kg) 2) 
 TiO 2 
 U.S. Price /kg) 3) 
 
 2022 
 46 
 2,100 
 1.50 
 
 2021 
 44 
 2,200 
 1.45 
 
 2020 
 37 
 3,800 
 1.18 
 
 2019 
 39 
 3,900 
 1.15 
 
 2018 
 38 
 4,600 
 1.03 

(1) Source:
 Argus Metal Prices, average annual ending price, 2022. Ferroniobium 65 niobium content,
 FOB U.S. warehouse. 

(2) Source:
 United States Geological Service USGS Mineral Commodity Summary, 2022.
 Sc 2 O 3 , 99.99 purity, 5-kilogram kg lot size. 

(3) Source:
 USGS Mineral Commodity Summary, 2022. Rutile mineral concentrate, bulk, minimum 95 TiO 2 ,
 f.o.b. Australia. 

Based
on results of the Company s Demonstration Plant, a higher value titanium tetrachloride product can be produced with a substantially
higher metallurgical recovery than TiO 2 . The Company is in the process of completing feasibility level cost estimates
to replace the previous TiO 2 production equipment with new equipment that would produce titanium tetrachloride. 

5 

As
NioCorp is a development stage issuer and has not yet generated any revenue from the operation of the Elk Creek Project, it is
not currently significantly affected by changes in commodity demand and prices, except to the extent that same impact the availability
of capital for mineral exploration and development projects. As it does not carry on production activities, NioCorp s ability
to fund ongoing exploration is affected by the availability of financing, which is, in turn, affected by the strength of the economy
and other general economic factors. 

Economic
Dependence 

Other
than land and mineral right option agreements and agreements between NioCorp and third parties for the purchase and sale of products
to be produced from the Elk Creek Project offtake agreements ), NioCorp s business is not substantially dependent
on any contract such as a contract to sell the major part of its product or services or to purchase the major part of its requirements
for goods, services or its raw materials, or any franchise or license or other agreement to use a patent, formula, trade secret,
process or trade name upon which its business depends. 

Government
Regulation 

The
exploration and development of a mining prospect is subject to regulation by a number of federal and state government authorities.
These include the United States Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA and the United States Army Corps of Engineers
(the USACE as well as the various state and local environmental protection agencies. The regulations address many
environmental issues relating to air, soil, and water contamination, and apply to many mining related activities including exploration,
mine construction, mineral extraction, ore milling, water use, waste disposal, and use of toxic substances. In addition, we are
subject to regulations relating to labor standards, occupational health and safety, mine safety, general land use, export of minerals,
taxation, data protection, and data security. Many of the regulations require permits or licenses to be obtained, the absence
of which and/or inability to obtain such permits or licenses will adversely affect our ability to conduct our exploration, development,
and operation activities. The failure to comply with the regulations and terms of permits and licenses may result in fines or
other penalties or in revocation of a permit or license or loss of a prospect. 

General 

While
none of the lands on which the Elk Creek Project is proposed to be built are owned by the U.S. Government, mining rights on public
lands are governed by the General Mining Law of 1872, as amended, which allows for the location of mining claims on certain federal
lands upon the discovery of a valuable mineral deposit and compliance with location requirements. The exploration of mining properties
and development and operation of mines is governed by both federal and state laws. Federal laws that govern mining claim location
and maintenance and mining operations on federal lands are generally administered by the Bureau of Land Management. Additional
federal laws, governing mine safety and health, also apply. State laws also require various permits and approvals before exploration,
development or production operations can begin. Among other things, a reclamation plan must typically be prepared and approved,
with financial assurance provided in the amount of projected reclamation costs. The financial assurance is used to ensure that
proper reclamation takes place and will not be released until that time. Local jurisdictions may also impose permitting requirements,
such as conditional use permits or zoning approvals. 

Environmental
Regulation 

Our
mineral projects are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations governing protection of the environment.
These laws are continually changing and, in general, are becoming more restrictive. The development, operation, closure, and reclamation
of mining projects in the U.S. requires numerous notifications, permits, authorizations, and public agency decisions. Compliance
with environmental and related laws and regulations requires us to obtain permits issued by regulatory agencies and to file various
reports and keep records of our operations. Certain of these permits require periodic renewal or review of their conditions and
may be subject to a public review process during which opposition to our proposed operations may be encountered. We are currently
operating under various permits for activities connected to mineral exploration, reclamation, and environmental considerations.
Our policy is to conduct business in a way that safeguards public health and the environment. We believe that our operations are
conducted in material compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 

Changes
to current local, state, or federal laws and regulations in the jurisdictions where we operate could require additional capital
expenditures and increased operating and/or reclamation costs. Although we are unable to predict 

6 

what additional legislation,
if any, might be proposed or enacted, additional regulatory requirements could impact the economics of our projects. 

Environmental
Regulation - U.S. Federal Laws 

The
Comprehensive Environmental, Response, Compensation, and Liability Act CERCLA ), and comparable state statutes,
impose strict, joint, and several liability on current and former owners and operators of sites and on persons who disposed of
or arranged for the disposal of hazardous substances found at such sites. It is not uncommon for the government to file claims
requiring clean-up actions and/or demands for reimbursement for government-incurred clean-up costs or natural resource damages.
It is also not uncommon for neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury and property damage
allegedly caused by hazardous substances released into the environment. The Resource Conservation and Recovery Act RCRA ),
and comparable state statutes, govern the disposal of solid waste and hazardous waste and authorize the imposition of substantial
fines and penalties for noncompliance, as well as requirements for corrective actions. CERCLA, RCRA, and comparable state statutes
can impose liability for clean-up of sites and disposal of substances found on exploration, mining and processing sites long after
activities on such sites have been completed. 

The
Clean Air Act, as amended CAA ), restricts the emission of air pollutants from many sources, including mining and
processing activities. Any future mining operations by the Company may produce air emissions, including fugitive dust and other
air pollutants from stationary equipment, storage facilities, and the use of mobile sources such as trucks and heavy construction
equipment, which are subject to review, monitoring and/or control requirements under the CAA and state air quality laws. New facilities
may be required to obtain permits before work can begin, and existing facilities may be required to incur capital costs in order
to remain in compliance. In addition, permitting rules may impose limitations on our production levels or result in additional
capital expenditures in order to comply with the rules. 

The
National Environmental Policy Act NEPA requires federal agencies to integrate environmental considerations into
their decision-making processes by evaluating the environmental impacts of their proposed actions, including issuance of permits
to mining facilities and assessing alternatives to those actions. If a proposed action could significantly affect the environment,
the agency must prepare either a detailed statement known as an Environmental Impact Statement EIS ), or a less
detailed statement known as an Environmental Assessment EA ). The EPA, other federal agencies, and any interested
third parties can review and comment on the scope of the EIS or EA and the adequacy of any findings set forth in the draft and
final EIS or EA. This process can cause delays in issuance of required permits or result in changes to a project to mitigate its
potential environmental impacts, which can in turn impact the economic feasibility of a proposed project. 

The
Clean Water Act CWA ), and comparable state statutes, impose restrictions and controls on the discharge of pollutants
into waters of the U.S. The discharge of pollutants into regulated waters is prohibited, except in accordance with the terms of
a permit issued by the EPA or an analogous state agency. The CWA regulates storm water from mining facilities and requires a storm
water discharge permit or Stormwater Pollution Prevention Plan for certain activities. Such a permit requires the regulated facility
to monitor and sample storm water run-off from its operations. The CWA and regulations implemented thereunder also prohibit discharges
of dredged and fill material in wetlands and other waters of the U.S. unless authorized by an appropriately issued permit. The
CWA and comparable state statutes provide for civil, criminal, and administrative penalties for unauthorized discharges of pollutants,
and impose liability on parties responsible for those discharges for the costs of cleaning up any environmental damage caused
by the release and for natural resource damages resulting from the release. 

The
Safe Drinking Water Act SDWA and the Underground Injection Control UIC program promulgated thereunder,
regulate the drilling and operation of subsurface injection wells. The EPA directly administers the UIC program in some states
and in others the responsibility for the program has been delegated to the state. The program requires that a permit be obtained
before drilling a disposal or injection well. Violation of these regulations and/or contamination of groundwater by mining-related
activities may result in fines, penalties, and remediation costs, among other sanctions and liabilities under the SDWA and state
laws. In addition, third-party claims may be filed by landowners and other parties claiming damages for alternative water supplies,
property damages, and bodily injury. 

7 

Environmental
Regulation Nebraska 

Nebraska
has a well-developed set of environmental regulations and responsible agencies but does not have clearly defined regulations with
respect to permitting mines. As such, review of the project and the issuance of permits by Nebraska agencies and regulatory bodies
could potentially impact the total time to market for our Elk Creek Project. Other Nebraska regulations govern operating and design
standards for the construction and operation of any source of air emissions and landfill operations. Any changes to these laws
and regulations could have an adverse impact on our financial performance and results of operations by, for example, requiring
changes to operating conditions, technical criteria, fees, or surety requirements. The most stringent permit related to air quality
is known as a Prevention of Significant Deterioration PSD permit, which requires the applicant to demonstrate
compliance with NAAQS and Best Available Control Technology BACT for the control of air emissions. If the facility
exceeds the potential to emit thresholds for such a permit and is thus subject to PSD requirements, permanent construction at
the project site may not begin until the responsible agency issues the PSD permit. For facilities in Nebraska with potential emissions
below PSD thresholds, a state air construction permit is needed. The state permit also requires a demonstration of compliance
with NAAQS but does not require a BACT demonstration and further allows construction at a subject facility to proceed ahead of
permit issuance through an established variance process. 

Human
Capital 

The
Company s ability to continue to progress the Elk Creek Project will depend on its ability to attract and retain individuals
with (among other skills) financial, administrative, engineering, geological and mining skills, and knowledge of our industry
and targeted markets. Much of the necessary specialized skills and knowledge required by the Company as a mineral exploration
company are available from the Company s current management team and Board of Directors. The Company retains outside consultants
if additional specialized skills and knowledge are required. 

As
of June 30, 2023, we had seven full-time employees as well as one contract employee. In addition, we use consultants with specific
skills to assist with various aspects of our corporate affairs, project evaluation, due diligence, corporate governance and property
management. 

Our
compensation programs are designed to align compensation of our employees with the Company s performance and to provide
the proper incentives to attract, retain and motivate employees to achieve superior results. The structure of our compensation
programs balances competitive wages and benefits and incentive earnings for both short-term and long-term performance. 

Our
priority to maintain a culture of ethical performance as a core value is reflected in the Company s Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics (the Code of Conduct and other related policies. Oversight is provided by the Company s Board
of Directors and, for specific areas of performance, by committees of the Board of Directors. Employees are required to review
the Code of Conduct on a periodic basis. Our compensation programs also include consideration of ethical performance in determining
incentive awards. 

The
Company also provides a robust suite of benefits to our employees, including 401(k) participation, medical-insurance options,
and programs to encourage and support the whole person. 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K and the exhibits attached hereto contain forward-looking statements within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and forward-looking information within the meaning
of applicable Canadian securities legislation (collectively, forward-looking statements ). 

Forward-looking
statements have been based upon our current business and operating plans, as approved by the Company s Board of Directors,
and may include statements regarding the anticipated benefits of the Transactions, including NioCorp s ability to access
the full amount of the expected net proceeds of the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement over the next three years; NioCorp s
ability to receive a final commitment of financing from the Export-Import Bank of the United States EXIM anticipated
benefits of the listing of the Common Shares on Nasdaq; the financial and business performance of NioCorp; NioCorp s anticipated
results and developments in the 

8 

operations of NioCorp in future periods; NioCorp s planned exploration activities; the adequacy
of NioCorp s financial resources; NioCorp s ability to secure sufficient project financing to complete construction
and commence operation of the Elk Creek Project; NioCorp s expectation and ability to produce niobium, scandium, and titanium
at the Elk Creek Project; NioCorp s plans to produce and supply specific products and market demand for those products;
the outcome of current recovery process improvement testing, and NioCorp s expectation that such process improvements could
lead to greater efficiencies and cost savings in the Elk Creek Project; the Elk Creek Project s ability to produce multiple
critical metals; the Elk Creek Project s projected ore production and mining operations over its expected mine life; the
completion of technical and economic analyses on the potential addition of magnetic rare earth oxides to NioCorp s planned
product suite; the exercise of options to purchase additional land parcels; the execution of contracts with engineering, procurement
and construction companies; NioCorp s ongoing evaluation of the impact of inflation, supply chain issues and geopolitical
unrest on the Elk Creek Project s economic model; and the creation of full time and contract construction jobs over the
construction period of the Elk Creek Project. 

Forward-looking
statements are frequently, but not always, identified by words such as expects, anticipates, believes, 
 intends, estimates, potential, possible, and similar expressions, or statements
that events, conditions, or results will, may, could, or should (or the
negative and grammatical variations of any of these terms) occur or be achieved. Any statements that express or involve discussions
with respect to predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, assumptions, or future events or performance
(often, but not always, using words or phrases such as expects or does not expect, is expected, 
 anticipates or does not anticipate, plans, estimates, or intends, 
or stating that certain actions, events, or results may, could, would, might, 
or will be taken, occur or be achieved) are not statements of historical fact and may be forward-looking statements.
Such forward-looking statements reflect the Company s current views with respect to future events and are subject to certain
known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Many factors could cause actual results, performance, or achievements
to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements that may be expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements, including, among others, risks related to the following: NioCorp s ability to recognize the anticipated benefits
of the Transactions, including NioCorp s ability to access the full amount of the expected net proceeds under the Yorkville
Equity Facility Financing Agreement over the next three years; unexpected costs related to the Transactions; the outcome of any
legal proceedings that may be instituted against NioCorp following closing of the Transactions; NioCorp s ability to receive
a final commitment of financing from EXIM on the anticipated timeline, on acceptable terms, or at all; NioCorp s ability
to continue to meet Nasdaq listing standards; NioCorp s ability to operate as a going concern; risks relating to the Common
Shares, including price volatility, lack of dividend payments and dilution or the perception of the likelihood any of the foregoing;
NioCorp s requirement of significant additional capital; the extent to which NioCorp s level of indebtedness and/or
the terms contained in agreements governing NioCorp s indebtedness or the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement
may impair NioCorp s ability to obtain additional financing; covenants contained in agreements with NioCorp s secured
creditors that may affect its assets; NioCorp s limited operating history; NioCorp s history of losses; the restatement
of NioCorp s consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 and the interim
periods ended September 30, 2021, December 31, 2021, March 31, 2022, September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022 and the impact of
such restatement on NioCorp s future financial statements and other financial measures; the material weaknesses in NioCorp s
internal control over financial reporting, NioCorp s efforts to remediate such material weaknesses and the timing of remediation;
the possibility that NioCorp may qualify as a PFIC under the Code; the potential that the Transactions could result in NioCorp
becoming subject to materially adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences as a result of the application of Section 7874 and
related sections of the Code; cost increases for NioCorp s exploration and, if warranted, development projects; a disruption
in, or failure of, NioCorp s information technology systems, including those related to cybersecurity; equipment and supply
shortages; variations in the market demand for, and prices of, niobium, scandium, titanium and rare earth products; current and
future offtake agreements, joint ventures, and partnerships; NioCorp s ability to attract qualified management; the effects
of global health crises on NioCorp s business plans, financial condition and liquidity; estimates of mineral resources and
reserves; mineral exploration and production activities; feasibility study results; the results of metallurgical testing; changes
in demand for and price of commodities (such as fuel and electricity) and currencies; competition in the mining industry; changes
or disruptions in the securities markets; legislative, political or economic developments, including changes in federal and/or
state laws that may significantly affect the mining industry; the impacts of climate change, as well as actions taken or required
by governments related to strengthening resilience in the face of potential impacts from climate change; the need to obtain permits
and comply with laws and regulations and other regulatory requirements; the timing and reliability of sampling and assay data;
the possibility that actual results of work may differ from 

9 

projections/expectations or may not realize the perceived potential
of NioCorp s projects; risks of accidents, equipment breakdowns, and labor disputes or other unanticipated difficulties
or interruptions; the possibility of cost overruns or unanticipated expenses in development programs; operating or technical difficulties
in connection with exploration, mining, or development activities; the management of the water balance at the Elk Creek Project
site; land reclamation requirements related to the Elk Creek Project; the speculative nature of mineral exploration and development,
including the risks of diminishing quantities of grades of reserves and resources; claims on the title to NioCorp s properties;
potential future litigation; and NioCorp s lack of insurance covering all of NioCorp s operations. 

Should
one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
vary materially from those described herein. This list is not exhaustive of the factors that may affect any of the Company s
forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements about the future and are inherently uncertain, and actual
achievements of the Company or other future events or conditions may differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking
statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including without limitation those discussed under Item
1A. Risk Factors below. 

The
Company s forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on the beliefs, expectations,
and opinions of management as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company does not assume any obligation to update
forward-looking statements if circumstances or management s beliefs, expectations, or opinions should change, except as
required by law. For the reasons set forth above, investors should not attribute undue certainty to, or place undue reliance on,
forward-looking statements. 

Available
Information 

We
maintain a website at http://www.niocorp.com. Our Common Shares are currently registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act,
and we are currently required to file reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q, or 8-K. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K (which includes our
audited consolidated financial statements), Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports
filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act, are available on our website, free of charge, as
soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such reports with, or furnish those reports to, the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and
information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC (http://www.sec.gov). We
do not intend to send security holders a printed version of our Annual Report as it will be available online. 

We
maintain a Code of Conduct, a copy of which may be found on our website in the About Us section under the main title
 Corporate Governance. Our Code of Conduct contains information regarding whistleblower procedures. 

We
are not including the information contained on or accessible through our website or the SEC s website as a part of, or incorporating
it by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
 1A. RISK
 FACTORS 

Our
business activities are subject to significant risks, including those described below. You should carefully consider these risks.
If any of the described risks occurs, our business, financial position, and results of operations could be materially adversely
affected. Such risks are not the only ones we face, and additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we
currently deem immaterial may also affect our business. This report contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and
uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result
of a number of factors, including the risks described below. See Forward-Looking Statements under Item 1., Business. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

Our
ability to operate as a going concern is in doubt. 

The
notes that accompany our consolidated financial statements for the year ended June 30, 2023, disclose that substantial doubt exists as to our
ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report 

10 

on Form 10-K have been prepared
under the assumption that we will continue as a going concern. We are a development stage issuer and we have incurred losses since
our inception. 

We
currently have no historical recurring source of revenue and our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on our ability
to raise capital to fund our future exploration and working capital requirements or our ability to profitably execute our business
plan. Our plans for the long-term return to and continuation as a going concern include financing our future operations through
sales of our Common Shares and/or debt and the potential profitable exploitation of our Elk Creek Project. Additionally, capital
markets and general economic conditions in the U.S. and Canada may impose significant obstacles to raising the required funds.
As discussed further below, while we have been successful in doing so in the past, there can be no assurance we will be able to
raise funds in the future. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We
will require significant additional capital to fund our business plan. 

We
will be required to expend significant funds to develop our existing properties and to identify and acquire additional properties
to diversify our property portfolio. We anticipate that we will be required to make substantial capital expenditures for the development
of our Elk Creek Project. 

As
of June 30, 2023, the Company had cash of 2.3 million and working capital of 0.2 million, compared to cash of 5.3 million and
working capital of 0.6 million on June 30, 2022. 

As
of June 30, 2023, the Company s current planned operational needs are approximately 11.8 million through the end of fiscal
2024. From the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company anticipates that it does not have sufficient cash to continue
to fund basic operations for the next twelve months. This includes general overhead costs, expected costs relating to securing
financing necessary for the Elk Creek Project, satisfying outstanding accounts payable, and potential retirement of our short-term
debt obligations. Access to additional funds will be utilized to fund basic operations as well as to further advance the Elk Creek
Project through substantive near-term milestones. 

Except
for the net funds of 1.5 million received from financing transactions closed in September 2023, the potential funding under the
Yorkville Equity Facility Financing, discussed below under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Financing Activities , and the potential exercise
of Options and Warrants, we currently have no further funding commitments or arrangements for additional financing at this time,
and there is no assurance that we will be able to obtain any such additional financing on acceptable terms, if at all. In addition,
pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, NioCorp is restricted from issuing equity or equity-linked securities (other than Common Shares)
or any preferred equity or non-voting equity if such issuance would adversely impact the rights of the holders of the shares of
Class B common stock of ECRC, without the consent of the holders of a majority of the shares of Class B common stock of ECRC.
The Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing Agreement also contains certain covenants that, among other things, limit NioCorp s
ability to use the proceeds from the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing to repay related party debt or to enter into any variable
rate transaction, including issuances of equity or debt securities that are convertible into Common Shares at variable rates and
any equity line of credit, ATM agreement or other continuous offering of Common Shares, other than with Yorkville, subject to
certain exceptions. Notwithstanding the restrictions set forth in the Exchange Agreement and the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing
Agreement, there is significant uncertainty that we would be able to secure any additional financing in the current equity or
debt markets. 

We
are actively pursuing additional sources of debt and equity financing, and while we have been successful in doing so in the past,
there can be no assurance we will be able to do so in the future. 

Our
ability to obtain necessary funding for these purposes, in turn, depends upon a number of factors, including the status of the
national and worldwide economy and the price of the products we intend to produce. We may not be successful in obtaining the required
financing or, if we can obtain such financing, such financing may not be on terms that are favorable to us. 

In
addition, the EXIM Financing discussed below under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources is subject to, among other matters, the satisfactory
completion of due diligence, the negotiation and settlement of final terms, and the negotiation of definitive 

11 

documentation. There
can be no assurance that the EXIM Financing will be completed on the terms described herein or at all. 

Our
inability to access sufficient capital for our operations could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results
of operations, or prospects. Sales of substantial amounts of securities may have a highly dilutive effect on our ownership or
share structure. Sales of a large number of Common Shares in the public markets, or the potential for such sales, could decrease
the trading price of the Common Shares and could impair our ability to raise capital through future sales of Common Shares. We
have not yet commenced commercial production at any of our properties and, as such, have not generated positive cash flows to
date and have no reasonable prospects of doing so unless successful commercial production can be achieved at our Elk Creek Project.
We expect to continue to incur negative investing and operating cash flows until such time as we enter into successful commercial
production. This will require us to deploy our working capital to fund such negative cash flow and to seek additional sources
of financing. There is no assurance that any such financing sources will be available or sufficient to meet our requirements.
There is no assurance that we will be able to continue to raise equity capital or to secure additional debt financing, or that
we will not continue to incur losses. 

We
have a limited operating history on which to base an evaluation of our business and prospects. 

Since
our inception, we have had no revenue from operations. We have no history of producing products from any of our properties. Our
Elk Creek Project is a development stage property. Advancing our Elk Creek Project from a development stage property to a production
stage property will require significant capital and time, and successful commercial production from the Elk Creek Property will
be subject to permitting and construction of the mine, processing plants, roads, and other related works and infrastructure. As
a result, we are subject to all of the risks associated with developing and establishing new mining operations and business enterprises
including: 

the
 timing and cost, which can be considerable, of further exploration, preparing feasibility
 studies, permitting, engineering and construction of infrastructure, mining, and processing
 facilities; 

the
 availability and costs of drilling equipment, exploration personnel, skilled labor, and
 mining and processing equipment, if required; 

the
 availability and cost of appropriate smelting and/or refining arrangements, if required; 

compliance
 with environmental and other governmental approval and permit requirements; 

the
 availability of funds to finance exploration, development, permitting, and construction
 activities, as warranted; 

potential
 opposition from non-governmental organizations, local groups, or local residents that
 may delay or prevent development activities; 

potential
 increases in exploration, construction, and operating costs due to changes in the cost
 of fuel, power, materials, and supplies; and 

potential
 shortages of mining, mineral processing, hydrometallurgical, pyrometallurgical, construction,
 and other facilities-related supplies. 

The
costs, timing, and complexities of exploration, development, engineering, and construction activities may be increased by the
location of our properties and competition from other mineral exploration and mining companies. It is common for exploration companies
to experience unexpected problems and delays during development, if commenced, including engineering, procurement, construction,
commissioning, and ramp-up. Accordingly, our activities may not result in profitable operations and we may not succeed in establishing
operations or profitably producing products at any of our current or future properties, including our Elk Creek Project. 

We
have a history of losses and expect to continue to incur losses in the future. 

We have incurred losses since inception, have negative cash flow from operating activities, and expect
to continue to incur losses in the future. We incurred the following net losses attributable to the Company during each
of the following periods: 

40.1
 million for the year ended June 30, 2023; 

10.9
 million for the year ended June 30, 2022; and 

4.8
 million for the year ended June 30, 2021. 

12 

We
expect to continue to incur losses unless and until such time as one of our properties enters into commercial production and generates
sufficient revenues to fund continuing operations. We recognize that if we are unable to generate significant revenues from operations
and dispositions of our properties, we will not be able to earn profits or continue operations. At this early stage of our operation,
we also expect to face the risks, uncertainties, expenses, and difficulties frequently encountered by companies at the start-up
stage of their business development. We cannot be sure that we will be successful in addressing these risks and uncertainties
and our failure to do so could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition. 

Increased
costs could affect our financial condition. 

We
anticipate that costs at our projects that we may explore or develop will frequently be subject to variation from one year to
the next due to a number of factors, such as changing ore grade, metallurgical performance, and revisions to mine plans, if any,
in response to the physical shape and location of the ore body. In addition, costs are affected by the price of commodities such
as fuel, steel, aluminum, iron, chemicals, natural gas, fresh water, and electricity, as well as by government actions such as
tariffs. Such commodities are at times subject to volatile price movements, including increases that could make production at
certain operations less profitable or not profitable at all. A material increase in costs at any significant location could have
a significant effect on our profitability. 

A
disruption in, or failure of our third-party service providers IT systems, including those related to cybersecurity, could
adversely affect our business operations and financial performance. 

We
rely on the accuracy, capacity, and security of our third-party service providers IT systems for the operations of many
of our business processes and to comply with regulatory, legal, and tax requirements. We are dependent on third parties to provide
important IT services relating to, among other things, operational technology at our facilities, human resources, electronic communications,
and certain finance functions. Despite the security measures that our third-party service providers have implemented, including
those related to cybersecurity, their systems could be breached or damaged by computer viruses, natural or man-made incidents
or disasters, or unauthorized physical or electronic access. Though our third-party service providers have controls in place,
we cannot provide assurance that a cyber-attack will not occur. Furthermore, we may have little or no oversight with respect to
security measures employed by third-party service providers, which may ultimately prove to be ineffective at countering threats.
Failures of our third-party service providers IT systems, whether caused maliciously or inadvertently, may result in the
disruption of our business processes, or in the unauthorized release of sensitive, confidential, or otherwise protected information
or result in the corruption of data, which could adversely affect our business operations and financial performance. In addition,
we may be required to incur significant costs to protect against and, if required, remediate the damage caused by such disruptions
or system failures in the future. 

A
shortage of equipment and supplies could adversely affect our ability to operate our business. 

We
are dependent on various supplies and equipment to carry out our mining exploration and, if warranted, project development operations.
The shortage of such supplies, equipment, and parts could have a material adverse effect on our ability to carry out our operations
and could therefore limit, or increase the cost of, production. Ongoing disruptions to the world s economy, including issues
related to supply chains, inflation, and increased raw material and labor costs, may delay our ability to secure supplies and
equipment for the Elk Creek Project on a timely basis. 

Joint
ventures and other partnerships, including offtake arrangements, may expose us to risks. 

We
have entered into three offtake agreements and one letter of intent related to our Elk Creek Project as well as agreements related
to the supply of natural gas and electricity to the project site, and may enter into joint ventures or partnership arrangements,
including additional offtake agreements, with other parties in relation to the exploration, development, and production of certain
of the properties in which we have an interest. Any failure of such other companies to meet their obligations to us or to third
parties, or any disputes with respect to the parties respective rights and obligations, or price fluctuations and termination
provisions related to such agreements, could have a material adverse effect on us, the development and production at our properties,
including the Elk Creek Project, the joint ventures, if any, or their properties and therefore could have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations, financial performance, cash flows, and the price of our Common Shares. 

13 

We
may experience difficulty attracting and retaining qualified management to meet the needs of our anticipated growth, and the failure
to manage our growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

We
are dependent on a relatively small number of key employees, including our Chief Executive Officer. The loss of any officer could
have an adverse effect on us. We have no life insurance on any individual, and we may be unable to hire a suitable replacement
for them on favorable terms, should that become necessary. 

The
effect on the capital markets and the economy of recent global events, including inflation, volatility in commodity prices, supply
chain uncertainty, and increases in raw material and labor costs, could have an adverse effect on NioCorp s business plans,
financial condition, and liquidity. 

Certain
events have effected, and continue to effect, the global and United States economies, including increased inflation, volatility
in commodity prices, supply chain uncertainty, and increases in raw material and labor costs. In addition, in the U.S., the Federal
Reserve has begun raising interest rates sharply, the continuation of which could lead to a recession with uncertain and potentially
severe impacts upon most operating sectors. We cannot predict how this will affect our business, but the impact may be adverse. 

Although
it is not possible to predict the ultimate impact of these factors on NioCorp s business plans, financial position, or liquidity,
such impacts that may be material include, but are not limited to: (i) delays in the completion of the mine and surface engineering
designs and uncertainty regarding our ability to finalize necessary Engineering, Procurement, and Construction EPC agreements as a result of disruptions in the businesses of our engineering consultants and key contractors for the Elk Creek Project,
(ii) reduced availability and increased costs of employees, (iii) a negative impact on our liquidity position, and (iv) increased
costs and less ability to access funds in the capital markets. The full extent to which these factors may continue to impact our
business will depend on future developments, which continue to be highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. 

In
addition, we cannot predict the impact that recent global events, including inflation, volatility in commodity prices, supply
chain uncertainty, and increases in raw material and labor costs will have on our customers, suppliers, vendors, and other business
partners, and each of their financial conditions; however, any material effect on these parties could adversely impact us. 

It
may be difficult to enforce judgments or bring actions outside the U.S. against us and certain of our directors. 

We
are a Canadian corporation and, as a result, it may be difficult or impossible for an investor to do the following: 

enforce
 in courts outside the U.S. judgments obtained in U.S. courts based upon the civil liability
 provisions of U.S. federal securities laws against these persons and the Company; or 

bring
 in courts outside the U.S. an original action to enforce liabilities based upon U.S.
 federal securities laws against these persons and the Company. 

The
Company may not realize all or any of the anticipated benefits expected as a result of the Transactions. 

The
listing of the Common Shares on Nasdaq may not provide the anticipated benefits of broader access to capital and financing alternatives
or otherwise enhance NioCorp s public profile. If the Company is not successful in realizing these anticipated benefits,
including the anticipated benefits of listing the Common Shares on the Nasdaq and the anticipated acceleration of financing efforts
to advance, complete construction, and commence operation of the Elk Creek Project, such consequences may adversely affect the
Company s results of operations, cash flows, financial position, and the price of our Common Shares. 

We
may not recognize the full value of the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement and may not receive any proceeds from the
exercise of the Financing Warrants, the NioCorp Assumed Warrants, and our other outstanding Warrants, and the potential adverse
effect on the prevailing market prices for our Common Shares as a result of sales, or the perception of future sales, of Common
Shares could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital. 

14 

Although
we have entered into the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement, we may not recognize the full value thereof. Specifically,
our ability to sell Common Shares to Yorkville pursuant to the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement is subject to certain
restrictions and limitations, which may prevent us from selling the full Commitment Amount prior to the expiration of the Commitment
Period. Our ability to recognize the full value of the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement may be further impeded by
the potential negative pressure on the market price of our Common Shares as a result of sales, or the perception of future sales,
of Common Shares by us or by other security holders. As a result, there can be no assurance that we will receive all or even a
significant portion of the proceeds that we expect to receive in connection with the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement. 

In
addition, upon exercise, we will receive the cash exercise price of the Financing Warrants, the NioCorp Assumed Warrants, and
our other outstanding Warrants (assuming, with respect to the Financing Warrants and the NioCorp Assumed Warrants, that they are
not exercised on a cashless basis). We believe the likelihood that holders of the Financing Warrants, the NioCorp Assumed Warrants
or other outstanding Warrants will exercise their Financing Warrants, NioCorp Assumed Warrants, or other outstanding Warrants,
and therefore, the amount of cash proceeds that we would receive, is, among other things, dependent upon the market price of our
Common Shares. For so long as the market price for our Common Shares is less than the applicable exercise price of the Financing
Warrants, NioCorp Assumed Warrants, or other outstanding Warrants, we believe such holders will be unlikely to exercise their
Financing Warrants, NioCorp Assumed Warrants, or other outstanding Warrants. The potential adverse effect on the prevailing market
price of our Common Shares as a result of sales of Common Shares by us or by other security holders, or the perception that such
sales may occur, could keep the market price for our Common Shares below the applicable exercise price of the Financing Warrants,
the NioCorp Assumed Warrants, or other outstanding Warrants. Accordingly, the holders of the Financing Warrants, the NioCorp Assumed
Warrants, or other outstanding Warrants may not exercise their Financing Warrants, NioCorp Assumed Warrants, or other outstanding
Warrants before they expire, and we may not receive any proceeds from the exercise of the Financing Warrants, the NioCorp Assumed
Warrants, or other outstanding Warrants. 

We
incurred significant debt in connection with the Transactions, including upon issuance of the Convertible Debentures, and we require
significant additional capital to operate our business. For example, notwithstanding whether we are able to recognize the full
value of the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement or receive the cash exercise price of the Financing Warrants, the NioCorp
Assumed Warrants, or other outstanding Warrants, we are obligated to repay or issue Common Shares upon settlement of the full
 16.0 million aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Debentures, plus accrued interest. Such significant additional debt
could adversely affect our business, which may prevent us from fulfilling our obligations with respect to our existing debt or
obtaining future financing. Further, the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing Agreement restricts us from pursuing certain variable
rate financing transactions, which could impair our ability to obtain additional financing on terms that are favorable, or at
all. In addition, if the market price of the Common Shares were to drop as a result of sales, or the perception of future sales,
of Common Shares by us or by other security holders, this might impede our ability to raise additional capital. Our inability
to obtain additional financing on terms that are favorable, or at all, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
results of operations and prospects. 

The
Company has identified material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting. If not remediated, the Company s
failure to establish and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could
result in material misstatements in its financial statements and a failure to meet its reporting and financial obligations, each
of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and the trading price of the Common Shares. 

Our
management has identified material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting relating to its control over the
consideration of all related relevant accounting guidance for non-routine transactions, its control over the design and maintenance
of an effective control environment and risk assessment process, and its monitoring controls over the timely remediation of identified
internal control weaknesses. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial
reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

15 

As
discussed in Item 9A, Controls and Procedures, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company s management
has assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting and its disclosure controls and procedures and
concluded that they were not effective as of June 30, 2023. 

The
Company is committed to remediating its material weaknesses as promptly as possible. Management is in the process of implementing
its remediation plan. However, there can be no assurance as to when the material weaknesses will be remediated or that additional
material weaknesses will not arise in the future. If the Company is unable to maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting, its ability to record, process and report financial information timely and accurately could be adversely affected,
which could subject the Company to litigation or investigations, require management resources, increase costs, negatively affect
investor confidence and adversely impact the trading price of the Common Shares. 

We
may face litigation and other risks as a result of the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 

We
identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting that exist as of June 30, 2023. As a result of
such material weaknesses and other matters raised or that may in the future be raised by the SEC or the Canadian securities regulators,
we face potential for litigation or other disputes, which may include, among others, claims invoking the federal and state securities
laws, contractual claims or other claims arising from the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting
and the preparation of our financial statements. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have no knowledge of any
such litigation or dispute. However, we can provide no assurance that such litigation or dispute will not arise in the future.
Any such litigation or dispute, whether successful or not, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

Risks
Related to Mining and Development 

We
face numerous uncertainties in estimating our mineral reserves and resources and inaccuracies in our estimates could result in
lower than expected revenues, higher than expected costs and decreased profitability. 

A
mineral is economically recoverable when the price at which we may sell the mineral exceeds the costs and expenses of mining and
selling the mineral. Forecasts of our future performance are based on, among other things, estimates of our mineral reserves.
We base our reserve and resource information on engineering, economic and geological data assembled and analyzed by qualified
persons, which include various engineers and geologists on our staff and of third parties. Our estimates are also subject to SEC
regulations regarding classification of reserves and resources, including S-K 1300. Our reserve and resource estimates as to both
quantity and quality are updated from time to time to reflect additional information received. There are numerous uncertainties
inherent in estimating quantities and qualities of mineral reserves and resources, including many factors beyond our control. 

Estimates
of mineral reserves and resources necessarily depend upon a number of variable factors and assumptions, any one of which may,
if incorrect, result in an estimate that varies considerably from actual results. These factors and assumptions include, but are
not limited to: 

geologic
 and mining conditions, which may not be fully identified by available exploration data
 and may differ from our experience; 

demand
 for the minerals that we plan to produce; 

current
 and future market prices for minerals and contractual arrangements; 

current
 and future operating costs and capital expenditures may exceed estimates, notwithstanding
 that, under S-K 1300, operating cost and capital expenditure estimates in feasibility
 studies must have an accuracy level of at least 15 and a contingency range not
 exceeding 10 ; 

additional capital expenditures related to the modification of the proposed surface plant related to the potential addition
of rare earth elements; 

severance
 and excise taxes, royalties and development and reclamation costs; 

future
 mining technology improvements; 

the
 effects of regulation by governmental agencies; 

the
 ability to obtain, maintain and renew all required permits; 

employee
 health and safety; and 

historical
 production from the area compared with production from other producing areas. 

16 

The
conversion of reported mineral resources to mineral reserves should not be assumed, and the reclassification of reported mineral
resources from lower to higher levels of geological confidence should not be assumed. As such, actual mineral tonnage recovered
from identified reserves, and revenues and expenditures with respect to our reserves, may vary materially from estimates. Thus,
these estimates may not accurately reflect our actual reserves. Any material inaccuracy in our estimates related to our reserves
could result in lower than expected revenues, higher than expected costs, or decreased profitability, which could materially and
adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 

The
nature of mineral exploration and production activities involves a high degree of risk and the possibility of uninsured losses. 

Exploration
for and the production of minerals is highly speculative and involves much greater risk than many other businesses. Most exploration
programs do not result in the discovery of mineralization, and any mineralization discovered may not be of sufficient quantity
or quality to be profitably mined. Our operations are, and any future development or mining operations we may conduct will be,
subject to all of the operating hazards and risks normally incident to exploring for and developing mineral properties, such as,
but not limited to: 

economically
 insufficient mineralized material; 

fluctuation
 in production costs that make production uneconomical; 

labor
 disputes; 

unanticipated
 variations in grade and other geologic problems; 

environmental
 hazards; 

water
 conditions; 

difficult
 surface or underground conditions; 

industrial
 accidents; 

metallurgical,
 pyrometallurgical, and other processing problems; 

mechanical
 and equipment performance problems; 

failure
 of dams, stockpiles, wastewater transportation systems, or impoundments; 

unusual
 or unexpected rock formations; and 

personal
 injury, fire, flooding, cave-ins, and landslides. 

Any
of these risks can materially and adversely affect, among other things, the development of properties, production quantities and
rates, costs and expenditures, potential revenues, and production dates. We currently have very limited insurance to guard against
some of these risks. If we determine that capitalized costs associated with any of our mineral interests are not likely to be
recovered, we would incur a write-down of our investment in these interests. All of these factors may result in losses in relation
to amounts spent that are not recoverable, or that result in additional expenses. 

We
have no history of producing commercial products from our current mining properties and there can be no assurance that we will
successfully establish mining operations or profitably produce minerals. 

We
have no history of producing commercial products from our current mining properties. We do not produce commercial products and
do not currently generate operating earnings. While we seek to move our Elk Creek Project from a development stage property to
a production stage property, such efforts will be subject to all of the risks associated with establishing new mining operations
and business enterprises, including: 

the
 timing and cost, which are considerable, of the construction of mining and processing
 facilities; 

the
 availability and costs of skilled labor and equipment; 

compliance
 with environmental and other governmental approval and permit requirements; 

the
 availability of funds to finance construction and development activities; 

potential
 opposition from non-governmental organizations, local groups, or local residents that
 may delay or prevent development activities; and 

potential
 increases in construction and operating costs due to changes in the cost and availability
 of labor, fuel, power, materials, and equipment and supplies, and the time elapsed since
 the most recent estimates of cost and availability were made. 

17 

It
is common in new mining and processing operations to experience unexpected problems and delays during engineering, procurement,
construction, commissioning, and initial operations. In addition, our management and workforce will need to be expanded, and sufficient
housing and other support systems for our workforce will have to be established. This could result in delays in the commencement
of production and increased costs of production. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that our activities will result in profitable
operations or that we will successfully establish mining and processing operations. 

Results
of metallurgical testing by us may not be favorable to, or as expected by, us. 

We
have completed significant bench, mini-pilot, and pilot scale metallurgical testing on material from the Elk Creek Project and
will continue to complete necessary metallurgical testing at the bench, mini-pilot, and pilot scale as the exploration and, if
warranted, development of the Elk Creek Project progresses. There can be no assurance that the results of such metallurgical testing
will be favorable to, or will be as expected by, us. Furthermore, there can be no certainty that metallurgical recoveries obtained
in bench or pilot scale tests will be achieved in either subsequent testing or commercial operations. The development of a complete
metallurgical process to produce saleable final products from the Elk Creek Project is a complex and resource-intensive undertaking
that may result in overall schedule delays and increased project costs for us. 

Price
volatility could have dramatic effects on our results of operations and our ability to execute our business plan. 

The
price of commodities varies on a daily basis. Niobium is a specialty metal and not a commonly traded commodity such as copper,
zinc, gold, or iron ore. The price of niobium tends to be set through a limited long-term offtake market, contracted between very
few suppliers and purchasers. The world s largest supplier of niobium, Companhia Brasileira de Metalurgia e Minera o,
supplies approximately 85 of the world s niobium. Any attempt to suppress the price of niobium by such supplier, or an
increase in production by any supplier in excess of any increased demand, would have negative consequences on the price of niobium
and, potentially, on our value. The price of niobium may also be reduced by the discovery of new niobium deposits, which could
not only increase the overall supply of niobium (causing downward pressure on its price) but could draw new firms into the niobium
industry that would compete with us. 

Sc 2 O 3
 is used in solid oxide fuel cells and has the potential to become a valuable alloy with aluminum in the aerospace and automotive
industries. Supply of scandium has been sporadic in recent years, and there are no primary scandium mines in the world at present.
Production primarily occurs as a by-product from existing metallurgical plants, primarily in Russia, Canada, the Philippines,
and China. Our management believes the Elk Creek Project would significantly increase the world s supply of scandium trioxide.
Although the Company s market studies indicate a positive outlook for demand, there is no assurance at present that the
Company could sell all of its production. In addition, the sale of scandium represents a significant portion of the Elk Creek
Project revenue; achieving the revenue projected in the Company s studies is subject to market growth in scandium, which
is a developing market with a risk of oversupply and/or undersupply disrupting pricing. 

Titanium
metal is used in various superalloys and other applications for aerospace applications, armor, and medical implants, and in oxide
form is a key component of pigments used in paper, paint, and plastics. The Elk Creek Project would produce a small quantity of
titanium dioxide relative to other producers. As a small producer, we would be subject to fluctuations in the price of TiO 2
 that would result from normal variations in supply and demand for this commodity. 

We
may not be able to establish a viable recovery process for REEs . 

The
market for rare earth products requires particular levels of purity and chemical form, which are achieved through the extraction
and separation of individual REEs from each other as well as from the other constituents in the rare earth ore. At present, the
Company has substantially completed the engineering and testing of a process for producing commercial rare earth products but
has not completed all work necessary to declare a REE reserve estimate for the Elk Creek deposit. The completion of the work necessary
to demonstrate an economically feasible rare earth recovery system will require additional expenditures of cash and time to complete.
There is no guarantee that the Company will be successful in demonstrating positive economics for a rare earth recovery system
tied to the Elk Creek 

18 

Project, nor is there any guarantee that once constructed, the rare earth recovery system will operate as
designed and produce saleable commercial products. 

Estimates
of resources and reserves are subject to evaluation uncertainties that could result in project failure. 

Our
exploration and future mining operations, if any, are and would be faced with risks associated with being able to accurately predict
the quantity and quality of resources/reserves within the earth using statistical sampling techniques. Estimates of any resources/reserves
on any of our properties would be made using samples obtained from appropriately placed trenches, test pits, underground workings,
and intelligently designed drilling. There is an inherent variability of assays between check and duplicate samples taken adjacent
to each other and between sampling points that cannot be reasonably eliminated. Additionally, there also may be unknown geologic
details that have not been identified or correctly appreciated at the current level of accumulated knowledge about our properties.
This could result in uncertainties that cannot be reasonably eliminated from the process of estimating resources/reserves. If
these estimates were to prove to be unreliable, we could implement an exploitation plan that may not lead to commercially viable
operations in the future. 

Any
material changes in mineral resource/reserve estimates and grades of mineralization will affect the economic viability of placing
a property into production and a property s return on capital. 

Mineral
resource/reserve estimates may require adjustments or downward revisions. In addition, the grade of ore ultimately mined, if any,
may differ from that indicated by our feasibility studies and drill results. Minerals recovered in small scale tests may not be
duplicated in large scale tests under on-site conditions or at commercial production scale. 

The
resource and reserve estimates included in the S-K 1300 Elk Creek Technical Report Summary and contained in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K have been determined based on assumed future prices, cut-off grades, and operating costs that may prove to be inaccurate.
Extended declines in market prices for our products may render portions of our resource/reserve estimates uneconomic and may result
in reduced reported resources/reserves or may adversely affect any commercial viability determinations we may reach. Any material
reductions in estimates of resources/reserves could have a material adverse effect on our Common Share price and on the value
of our properties. 

We
face intense competition in the mining industry. 

The
mining industry is intensely competitive in all of its phases. As a result of this competition, some of which is with large established
mining companies with substantial capabilities and with greater financial and technical resources than ours, we may be unable
to acquire additional properties, if any, or financing on terms we consider acceptable. We also compete with other mining companies
in the recruitment and retention of qualified managerial and technical employees. If we are unable to successfully compete for
qualified employees, our exploration and development programs may be slowed down or suspended. We compete with other companies
that produce our planned commercial products for capital. If we are unable to raise sufficient capital, our exploration and development
programs may be jeopardized or we may not be able to acquire, develop, or operate additional mining projects. 

Difficulties
in water balance management at our Elk Creek Project could negatively affect our potential production and economics at the project. 

The
Company has conducted three field investigations and two major technical studies into the hydrogeology of the Elk Creek carbonatite,
which is the geologic formation which hosts the mineralized material that would be extracted by the Company s mining operations.
The Company expects to encounter significant amounts of water in the carbonatite, which will need to be pumped out of the formation
to facilitate a mining operation. Water quality analyses have demonstrated that this water will have elevated temperature and
salt content when compared to other water resources in the area. While the Company has developed plans to treat water produced
from the mine for use in its operations, there is no guarantee that the permits needed for the treatment of the water or the disposal
of the resultant waste products will be issued by the State of Nebraska, nor is there any guarantee that such permits will be
issued in a timely fashion. Further, based on such plans, the operations will rely on a water treatment system to achieve zero
discharge of wastewater, and there is no guarantee that this system will function as designed or achieve nameplate treatment capacity. 

19 

Title
to our properties may be subject to other claims that could affect our property rights and claims. 

There
are risks that title to our properties may be challenged or impugned. Our Elk Creek Project is located in Nebraska and may be
subject to prior unrecorded agreements or transfers or native land claims, and title may be affected by undetected defects. Our
current land and/or mineral rights lease agreements between ECRC and individual landowners give us an option to purchase additional
property OTP ), which, along with the property we already own, will allow us to construct the Elk Creek Project
once sufficient project financing is obtained. The rights of the current owners to sell the property subject to these options
may be subject to prior unrecorded or unknown claims to title. We have investigated our rights to explore and exploit the Elk
Creek Project resource/reserve and, to the best of our knowledge, our rights in relation to lands covering the Elk Creek Project
resource/reserve are in good standing. However, there may be valid challenges to the title of our properties that, if successful,
could impair development and/or operations. Further, our current OTP agreements, which are important for operations, are of fixed
duration and expire between December 2024 and May 2040. 

Our
properties and operations may be subject to litigation or other claims. 

From
time to time our properties or operations may be subject to disputes that may result in litigation or other legal claims. We may
be required to assert or defend against these claims, which will divert resources and management time from operations. The costs
of these claims or adverse filings may have a material effect on our business and results of operations. 

We
do not currently insure against all the risks and hazards of mineral exploration, development, and mining operations. 

Exploration,
development, mining, and surface operations involve various hazards, including environmental hazards, industrial accidents, metallurgical
and other processing problems, unusual or unexpected rock formations, structural cave-ins or slides, flooding, fires, and periodic
interruptions due to inclement or hazardous weather conditions. These risks could result in damage to or destruction of mineral
properties, facilities, or other property, personal injury, environmental damage, delays in operations, increased cost of operations,
monetary losses, and possible legal liability. We may not be able to obtain insurance to cover these risks at economically feasible
premiums or at all. We may elect not to insure where premium costs are disproportionate to our perception of the relevant risks.
The payment of such insurance premiums and of such liabilities would reduce the funds available for exploration and production
activities. 

Risks
Related to Government Regulation 

We
may not be able to obtain or renew all required permits and licenses to place any of our properties into production. 

Our
current and future operations, including development activities and commencement of production, if warranted, on the Elk Creek
Project, require permits from governmental authorities and such operations are and will be governed by laws and regulations governing
prospecting, development, mining, production, exports, taxes, labor standards, occupational health, waste disposal, toxic substances,
land use, environmental protection, mine safety, and other matters. Companies engaged in mineral property exploration and the
development or operation of mines and related facilities generally experience increased costs, as well as delays in production
and other schedules as a result of the need to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and permits. We cannot predict if all
permits that we may require for continued exploration, development, or construction of mining facilities and conduct of mining
operations will be obtainable or renewable on reasonable terms, if at all. Costs related to applying for and obtaining permits
and licenses may be prohibitive and could delay our planned exploration and development activities. Failure to comply with applicable
laws, regulations, and permitting requirements may result in enforcement actions, including orders issued by regulatory or judicial
authorities causing operations to cease or be curtailed, and may include corrective measures requiring capital expenditures, installation
of additional equipment, or remedial actions. 

Facilities
associated with the Elk Creek Project, such as the mine, surface plant, tailings facilities, stockpiles and supporting infrastructure,
are likely to either temporarily or permanently impact waterbodies and wetlands that are subject to regulation by the USACE as
Waters of the United States WOUS ). We believe that we have obtained the necessary USACE permits to construct the
project, but changes to the design or layout of the facility may trigger the 

20 

USACE to require us to obtain and maintain additional
permits for the Elk Creek Project. The duration of this permitting exercise is dictated by the USACE and would need to be completed
before facilities that would impact WOUS could be constructed. We may experience delays or additional costs in relation to obtaining
the necessary permits and these delays and additional costs could negatively affect the economics of the Elk Creek Project and
our results of operations. 

Parties
engaged in mining operations may be required to compensate those suffering loss or damage by reason of the mining activities and
may have civil or criminal fines or penalties imposed for violations of applicable laws or regulations. Amendments to current
laws, regulations, and permits governing operations and activities of mining companies, or more stringent implementation thereof,
could have a material adverse impact on our operations and cause increases in capital expenditures or production costs or reduction
in levels of production at producing properties or require abandonment or delays in development of new mining properties. 

We
are subject to significant governmental regulations that affect our operations and costs of conducting our business. 

Our
current and future operations, including development of the Elk Creek Project, are and will be governed by laws and regulations,
including: 

laws
 and regulations governing mineral concession acquisition, prospecting, development, mining,
 and production; 

laws
 and regulations related to exports, taxes, and fees; 

labor
 standards and regulations related to occupational health and mine safety; and 

environmental
 standards and regulations related to waste disposal, toxic substances, land use reclamation,
 and environmental protection. 

Companies
engaged in development activities often experience increased costs and delays in production and other schedules as a result of
the need to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and permits. Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and permits
may result in enforcement actions, including the forfeiture of mineral claims or other mineral tenures and/or orders issued by
regulatory or judicial authorities requiring operations to cease or be curtailed, and may include corrective measures requiring
capital expenditures, installation of additional equipment, or costly remedial actions. We may be required to compensate those
suffering loss or damage by reason of our development activities and may have civil or criminal fines or penalties imposed for
violations of such laws, regulations, and permits. 

Existing
and possible future laws, regulations, and permits governing operations and activities of mineral development companies, or more
stringent implementation, could have a material adverse impact on our business and cause increases in capital expenditures or
require abandonment or delays in development. Our Elk Creek Project is located in Nebraska, and while the State does have a comprehensive
and modern set of environmental regulations, it does not have specific regulations with respect to permitting or reclaiming mines
which could potentially impact the total time to market for the project. 

Our
activities are subject to environmental laws and regulations that may change, thereby increasing our costs of doing business and
restricting our operations. 

All
phases of our operations are subject to environmental regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Environmental legislation
is evolving in a manner that may require stricter standards and enforcement, increased fines and penalties for non-compliance,
more stringent environmental assessments of proposed projects, and a heightened degree of responsibility for companies and their
officers, directors, and employees. These laws address emissions into the air, discharges into water, management of waste, management
of hazardous substances, protection of natural resources, antiquities and endangered species, and reclamation of lands disturbed
by mining operations. Compliance with environmental laws and regulations, and future changes in these laws and regulations, may
require significant capital outlays and may cause material changes or delays in our operations and future activities. It is possible
that future changes in these laws or regulations could have a significant adverse impact on our properties or some portion of
our business, causing us to re-evaluate those activities at that time. 

21 

Regulations
and pending legislation governing issues involving climate change could result in increased operating costs, which could have
a material adverse effect on our business. 

A
number of governments or governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating legislative and/or regulatory changes in response
to concerns about the potential impact of climate change. Legislation and increased regulation regarding climate change could
impose significant costs on us, on our future venture partners, if any, and on our suppliers, including costs related to increased
energy requirements, capital equipment, environmental monitoring and reporting, and other costs necessary to comply with such
regulations. Any adopted future climate change regulations could also negatively impact our ability to compete with companies
situated in areas not subject to such limitations. Given the emotion, political significance, and uncertainty surrounding the
impact of climate change and how it should be dealt with, we cannot predict how legislation and regulation will affect our financial
condition, operating performance, and ability to compete. Furthermore, even without such regulation, increased awareness and any
adverse publicity in the global marketplace about potential impacts on climate change by us or other companies in our industry
could harm our reputation. The potential physical impacts of climate change on our operations are highly uncertain and could be
particular to the geographic circumstances in areas in which we operate and may include changes in rainfall and storm patterns
and intensities, water shortages, changing sea levels, and changing temperatures. These impacts may adversely impact the cost,
production, and financial performance of our operations. 

Land
reclamation requirements for our properties may be burdensome and expensive. 

Although
variable depending on location and the governing authority, land reclamation requirements are generally imposed on mineral exploration
companies (as well as companies with mining operations) in order to minimize long-term effects of land disturbance. 

Reclamation
may include requirements to: 

control
 dispersion of potentially deleterious effluents; 

treat
 ground and surface water to achieve water quality standards; and 

reasonably
 re-establish pre-disturbance landforms and vegetation. 

In
order to carry out reclamation obligations imposed on us in connection with our potential development activities, we must allocate
financial resources that might otherwise be spent on further exploration and development programs. We plan to set up a provision
for our reclamation obligations on our properties, as appropriate, but this provision may not be adequate. If we are required
to carry out unanticipated reclamation work, our financial position could be adversely affected. 

Risks
Related to Our Debt 

The
level of our indebtedness from time to time could impair our ability to obtain additional financing. 

From
time to time, we may enter into transactions to acquire assets or the shares of other companies or to fund development of the
Elk Creek Project. These transactions may be financed partially or wholly with debt, which may increase our debt levels above
industry standards. Our articles of incorporation do not limit the amount of indebtedness that we may incur. Our indebtedness
could impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future on a timely basis to take advantage of business opportunities
that may arise. Our ability to service our debt obligations will depend on our future operations, which are subject to prevailing
industry conditions and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

Risks
Related to the Common Shares 

NioCorp
may be a passive foreign investment company for the current taxable year and for one or more future taxable years,
which may result in materially adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences for U.S. investors. 

If
NioCorp is a passive foreign investment company PFIC for any taxable year, or portion thereof, that is included
in the holding period of a U.S. holder of Common Shares or other securities of NioCorp, such U.S. holder 

22 

may be subject to certain
adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. These adverse tax consequences include requirements to treat any gain realized upon
a disposition of Common Shares or other securities, or any excess distribution received on Common Shares, as ordinary
income, to pay an interest charge on a portion of such gain or distribution, and certain additional reporting requirements. Such
consequences may be mitigated with respect to Common Shares (but not with respect to warrants or other securities of NioCorp)
if the holder thereof makes a timely and effective qualified electing fund or QEF election or a mark-to-market 
election. A U.S. holder of Common Shares that makes a QEF election generally must include in income on a current basis for U.S.
federal income tax purposes its share of NioCorp s net capital gain and ordinary earnings for any taxable year in which
it is a PFIC, whether or not NioCorp distributes any amount to its shareholders. A U.S. holder of Common Shares that makes a mark-to-market
election generally must include as ordinary income each year the excess of the fair market value of the Common Shares over the
taxpayer s basis therein. 

NioCorp
generally will be classified as a PFIC for a taxable year if (a) 75 or more of its gross income for such year is passive
income (generally, dividends, interest, rents, royalties, and gains from the disposition of assets producing passive income)
or (b) at least 50 or more of the value of its assets produce, or are held for the production of, passive income, based on the
quarterly average of the fair market value of such assets. NioCorp believes that it may be classified as a PFIC for its taxable
year ended June 30, 2023 and was classified as a PFIC for its taxable year ended June 30, 2022 and, based on the current composition
of its income and assets, as well as current business plans and financial expectations, may be classified as a PFIC for future
taxable years. Any conclusion regarding PFIC status is a factual determination that must be made annually at the close of each
taxable year and, thus, is subject to change. In addition, even if NioCorp concluded it did not qualify as a PFIC, it is possible
that the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the IRS could assert, and that a court could sustain, a determination that
NioCorp is a PFIC. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that NioCorp will not be treated as a PFIC for any taxable year. The
PFIC rules are complex and each holder of Common Shares or other securities of NioCorp should consult its own tax advisors regarding
these rules and the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership, and disposition of such securities. 

The
Transactions could result in NioCorp becoming subject to materially adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. 

Section
7874 and related sections Code, provide for certain adverse tax consequences when the stock of a U.S. corporation is acquired
by a non-U.S. corporation in certain transactions in which former shareholders of the U.S. corporation come to own 60 or more
of the stock of the non-U.S. corporation (by vote or value, and applying certain specific counting and ownership rules). These
adverse tax consequences include (i) potential additional required gain recognition by the U.S. corporation, (ii) treatment of
certain payments to the non-U.S. corporation that reduce gross income as base erosion payments, (iii) an excise
tax on certain options and stock-based compensation of the U.S. corporation, (iv) disallowance of qualified dividend 
treatment for distributions by the non-U.S. corporation, and (v) if former shareholders of the U.S. corporation come to own 80 
or more of the stock of the non-U.S. corporation, treatment of the non-U.S. corporation as a U.S. corporation subject to U.S.
federal income tax on its worldwide income (in addition to any tax imposed by non-U.S. jurisdictions). If the Transactions result
in the application of any of these, or any other, adverse tax consequences, NioCorp could incur significant additional tax costs.
While NioCorp currently does not believe the Transactions will cause such adverse tax consequences as a result of Section 7874
and related sections of the Code, this determination is subject to significant legal and factual uncertainty. NioCorp has not
sought and will not seek any rulings from the IRS as to the tax treatment of any of the Transactions. Further, there can be no
assurance that your tax advisor, the IRS, or a court, will agree with the position that NioCorp is not subject to these adverse
tax consequences. 

Our
Common Share price may be volatile and as a result you could lose all or part of your investment. 

In
addition to volatility associated with equity securities in general, the value of your investment could decline due to the impact
of any of the following factors upon the market price of the Common Shares: 

disappointing
 results from our exploration and/or, if warranted, project development efforts; 

decline
 in demand for Common Shares; 

downward
 revisions in securities analysts estimates or changes in general market conditions; 

technological
 innovations by competitors or in competing technologies; 

investor
 perception of our industry or our prospects; and 

general
 economic trends. 

23 

In
the past fiscal year, the trading price of our stock on the Nasdaq and TSX has ranged as follows: 

Exchange 
 High 
 Low 
 
 TSX 
 C 17.10 
 C 6.44 
 
 Nasdaq 1 
 7.83 
 4.75 

1
 Trading initiated on March 21, 2023. 

In
addition, stock markets in general have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations, and the market prices of securities
have been highly volatile. These fluctuations are often unrelated to operating performance and may adversely affect the market
price of the Common Shares. As a result, you may be unable to sell any Common Shares you acquire at a desired price. 

We
have never paid dividends on the Common Shares. 

We
have not paid dividends on the Common Shares to date, and we may not be in a position to pay dividends for the foreseeable future.
Our ability to pay dividends with respect to the Common Shares will depend on our ability to successfully develop one or more
properties and generate earnings from operations. Further, our initial earnings, if any, will likely be retained to finance our
operations. Any future dividends on Common Shares will depend upon our earnings, our then-existing financial requirements, and
other factors, and will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors. 

Future
sales, or the perception of future sales, of Common Shares by existing shareholders or by us, or future dilutive issuances of
Common Shares by us, could adversely affect prevailing market prices for the Common Shares and cause investors to suffer dilution
in their net book value per Common Share. 

Sales
of a substantial number of Common Shares in the public market could occur at any time, including issuances and sales of additional
Common Shares by us and sales by other security holders. These sales, or the market perception that the holders of a large number
of Common Shares or securities convertible, exercisable, or exchangeable into Common Shares intend to sell Common Shares, could
reduce the prevailing market price of the Common Shares. The effect, if any, that future public sales of these securities or the
availability of these securities for sale will have on the market price of the Common Shares is uncertain. If the market price
of the Common Shares were to drop as a result, this might impede our ability to raise additional capital and might cause remaining
shareholders to lose all or part of their investment. 

The
Articles of NioCorp, as amended in connection with the Transactions, permit us to issue an unlimited number of Common Shares.
Subject to the requirements of the British Columbia Business Corporations Act, Nasdaq and TSX, we will not be required to obtain
the approval of the NioCorp shareholders for the issuance of additional Common Shares. We have issued Common Shares in the past
and will continue to issue Common Shares to finance our activities in the future. In addition, outstanding options, warrants,
and broker warrants to purchase Common Shares may be exercised, resulting in the issuance of additional Common Shares. If we issue
additional Common Shares or decide to enter into joint ventures with other parties in order to raise financing through the sale
of equity securities, investors interests in the Company will be diluted and investors may suffer dilution in their net
book value per Common Share depending on the price at which such securities are sold. 

Additionally,
pursuant to the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement, Yorkville has committed to purchase up to 65.0 million of our
Common Shares, at our direction from time to time during the Commitment Period, subject to certain limitations and the satisfaction
of the conditions in the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement. We have filed a registration statement under the Securities
Act covering resales by Yorkville of the Common Shares issuable pursuant to the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement.
Accordingly, any Common Shares that we issue pursuant to the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement will be available for
sale into the public market, subject to applicable securities laws, which could reduce the prevailing market price for the Common
Shares. 

24 

We
are subject to the continued listing criteria of the Nasdaq and TSX and our failure to satisfy these criteria may result in delisting
of the Common Shares. 

Our
Common Shares are currently listed on the Nasdaq Global Market and TSX under the symbol NB . The public NioCorp Assumed
Warrants are currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol NIOBW. Both the Nasdaq Capital Market
and TSX have rules for continued listing. In order to maintain the listings, we must maintain certain financial and share distribution
targets, including maintaining a minimum number of public shareholders. In addition to objective standards, TSX may delist the
securities of any issuer if, in TSX s opinion, the issuer s financial condition and/or operating results appear unsatisfactory;
if it appears that the extent of public distribution or the aggregate market value of the security has become so reduced as to
make continued listing on TSX inadvisable; if the issuer sells or disposes of principal operating assets or ceases to be an operating
company; if an issuer fails to comply with the listing requirements of TSX; or if any other event occurs or any condition exists
which makes continued listing on TSX, in the opinion of TSX, inadvisable. 

If
Nasdaq or TSX delists the Common Shares, investors may face material adverse consequences, including, but not limited to, a lack
of a trading market for the Common Shares, reduced liquidity, a determination that our Common Shares are a penny stock, 
decreased analyst coverage of the Company, and an inability for us to obtain additional financing to fund our operations. 

The
issuance of additional Common Shares may negatively impact the trading price of our securities. 

We
have issued Common Shares in the past and will continue to issue Common Shares to finance our activities in the future. In addition,
outstanding options, warrants, and broker warrants to purchase Common Shares may be exercised, resulting in the issuance of additional
Common Shares. The issuance by us of additional Common Shares would result in dilution to our shareholders, and even the perception
that such an issuance may occur could have a negative impact on the trading price of the Common Shares. 

If
our Common Shares are considered a penny stock and are subject to the penny stock rules, broker-dealers may be discouraged from
effecting transactions in Common Shares. 

Our
Common Shares has in the past, and may in the future, be considered a penny stock. The SEC has adopted Rule 15g-9
which generally defines penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price (as defined) less than 5.00
per share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Applicable penny stock rules impose
additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell to persons other than established customers and accredited
investors. The term accredited investor refers generally to institutions with assets in excess of 5.0 million
or individuals with a net worth in excess of 1.0 million or annual income exceeding 200 or 300, jointly with their spouse.
The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to
deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a form prepared by the SEC, which provides information about penny stocks and
the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and
offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly
account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. The bid and offer quotations,
and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting
the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation. In addition, the
penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these rules, the broker-dealer
must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s
written agreement to the transaction. If and when applicable, these disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the
level of trading activity in the secondary market for the Common Shares. Consequently, these penny stock rules may affect the
ability of broker-dealers to trade in the Common Shares. 

ITEM
 1B. UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

25 

ITEM
 2. PROPERTIES 

Elk
Creek Project, Nebraska 

Our
principal mineral property is the Elk Creek Property, a niobium, scandium, and titanium development stage property. The Elk Creek
Project has established indicated and inferred resources along with probable reserves and the Company has completed a feasibility
study for the project. The below information is in part summarized or extracted from our S-K 1300 Elk Creek Technical Report Summary,
which was filed as Exhibit 96.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, and
is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company does not have any other material properties. 

The
qualified persons responsible for preparing the S-K 1300 Elk Creek Technical Report Summary are Dahrouge Geological Consulting
USA Ltd.; Understood Mineral Resources Ltd.; Optimize Group; Tetra Tech; Adrian Brown Consultants Inc.; Metallurgy Concept Solutions;
Magemi Mining Inc.; L3 Process Development; A2GC; Scott Honan, M.Sc, SME-RM, NioCorp; Everett Bird, P.E., Cementation; Matt Hales,
P.E., Cementation; Mahmood Khwaja, P.E., CDM Smith; Martin Lepage, P.Eng, Ing., Cementation; and Wynand Marx, M.Eng, BBE Consulting.
A matrix of the sections for which each qualified person is responsible is included in the S-K 1300 Elk Creek Technical Report
Summary. Except for Scott Honan, none of the qualified persons is affiliated with the Company. Mr. Honan is the Chief Operating
Officer of the Company. The technical content disclosed in this Form 10-K was reviewed and approved by Mr. Honan who is a Qualified
Person as defined in NI 43-101. 

Property
Description and Location 

The Elk Creek Property is a carbonatite deposit located in Johnson County, southeast Nebraska, USA. The carbonatite contains elements
of economic significance, including niobium, titanium, and scandium, as well as potential economic significance for rare earth
products. The Elk Creek Property is situated as shown below and is located within the USGS Tecumseh Quadrangle Nebraska SE (7.5
minute series) mapsheet in Sections 1-6, 9-11; Township 3N; Range 11E and Sections 19-23, 25-36; Township 4N, Range 11E, at approximately
40 16 north and 96 11 west in the State of Nebraska, in central USA. The Elk Creek Property is approximately
45 miles southeast of Lincoln, Nebraska, the state capital of Nebraska. 

26 

Title
and Ownership 

Land
in the project area is exclusively owned by private entities, and there is no federal or state land in the project area. The Company
has secured its rights to the project area by purchasing land from private landowners or by entering into agreements with the
landowners as described below. 

The
Company currently owns one approximately 225-acre parcel of land and associated mineral rights, and an additional 40 acres of
mineral rights, within the carbonatite footprint. The Elk Creek Project s mine infrastructure and a portion of the supporting
operations is planned to be located on this land parcel. Ownership of the mineral rights discussed above includes a 2 NSR royalty
and grants us access to more than 90 of the Elk Creek Project s mineral resources and mineral reserves. 

As
of June 30, 2023, the total book value of the Elk Creek Property and associated buildings and equipment was 16.9 million. 

The
Company also holds eight OTPs that are associated with the Elk Creek Project and one perpetual easement of a land parcel along
the Missouri River. The current optioned land package covers an area of 1,396 acres and is reflective of the land needed to secure
the remaining mineral resources and mineral reserves held under the OTPs along with the land needed for the development and operations
of the Elk Creek Project for its proposed 38-year operating life. 

In
general, exercise of an OTP is accomplished by paying the greater of a fixed amount per acre or a multiple of the appraised value
at the time of purchase. If the land is not purchased by the Company during the term of the OTP and the land in question is needed
for the project, the Company will negotiate a new OTP with the landowner. The OTP is accompanied by a negotiated payment to the
landowner that is paid upon execution of the OTP by the Company and the landowner. As of June 30, 2023, the Company is obligated
to make payments totalling approximately 45,000 over the next 12 years to maintain our rights under these OTPs. Details on the
current OTPs held by the Company are shown in the table below. 

Active
Lease Agreements (OTP s) Covering the Elk Creek Project as of October 2023 

Agreement
 Identifier 
 Hectares 
 Acres 
 Agreement
 Expiry 
 
 Beethe007 
 66.27 
 163.75 
 20-Jan-26 
 
 Heidemann005 
 79.55 
 196.57 
 16-Mar-25 
 
 Nielsen001 
 100.90 
 249.32 
 25-Jun-25 
 
 Nielsen002 
 11.91 
 29.43 
 25-Jun-25 
 
 Woltemath80S 
 32.37 
 80.00 
 4-Dec-24 
 
 Woltemath002 
 152.49 
 376.81 
 4-Dec-24 
 
 Woltemath003J 
 89.03 
 220.00 
 25-Mar-25 
 
 Shuey001 
 32.37 
 80.00 
 27-May-40 

The
OTPs are between NioCorp s subsidiary ECRC and the individual landowners. Land subject to the OTP agreements is currently
used for agricultural purposes, including growing row crops (corn and soybeans) and pasturing livestock. The land owned by ECRC
houses the company drill core and geological sample repository in two steel core shed buildings and the company maintains a cover
crop (sorghum and rye) on portions of the property that were formerly used for growing row crops. The former landowner maintains
a residence and several outbuildings on the property subject to a life estate that accompanied the purchase of the property by
the Company in fiscal year 2021. 

The
agreements that involve mineral rights include a 2 NSR royalty attached with the OTP. The OTPs grant the Company an exclusive
right to explore and evaluate the property for the term thereof, with an option to purchase the surface rights or a combination
of the mineral and surface rights at any time during the term. As the Woltemath80S agreement is limited to an option to purchase
the surface rights only, it does not contain an NSR provision. 

27 

Land
Tenure Map as of October 2023 

The
current estimated mineral resource and reserve is wholly contained within land owned by the Company and parcel Woltemath003J.
The Company considers these two properties to be the only properties on which the Company s development of the Elk Creek
Project is substantially dependent. 

As
part of the OTPs, where required, the Company has also secured surface rights, which allow for access to the land for drilling
activities and associated mineral exploration and project development work. 

Accessibility,
Physiography, Climate and Infrastructure 

The
Elk Creek Property is easily accessible year-round as it is situated approximately 45 miles southeast of Lincoln, Nebraska, the
state capital, and approximately 68 miles south of Omaha, Nebraska. Access to the site can be completed via road or from one of
the regional airports. There are several regular flights to both Lincoln and Omaha; however, the Elk Creek Property is most easily
accessible from Lincoln. From Lincoln Municipal Airport, the Elk Creek Property is accessed via paved roads on the main network
and a secondary network of gravel roads. The drive from the Lincoln Municipal Airport to the property is typically 1 hour and
15 minutes, and from Omaha s Eppley Airport, the drive is approximately 1 hour and 45 minutes. 

The
Elk Creek Property is immediately adjacent to paved Nebraska state highway 50, and the mineral resource and mineral reserve are
centered in Township 4N, Range 11E, Section 33. This section is immediately southwest of the junction of Nebraska state highways
50 and 62. Rail access is available in the town of Elk Creek, which is located 3 miles east of the project area. Water is available
at the project site from a well, as well as from Elk Creek, which crosses Section 33. Water is also available from the Johnson
County Rural Water system, which has distribution infrastructure on the north side of the Section 33 and from the Pawnee County
Rural Water system, which has distribution infrastructure on the south side of Section 33. Electricity is provided at the Company s
Core Storage sheds located on the west side of Section 33 on land owned by the Company from the Omaha Public Power District OPPD ).
Personnel are available from the local surrounding towns, including Elk Creek (3 miles east), Tecumseh 

28 

(6 miles north), Steinauer
(5 miles south), Pawnee City (10 miles south) and Syracuse (20 miles north). Due to the project s location in Nebraska,
there are no ports nearby. 

Southeast
Nebraska is situated in a humid continental climate (Dfa) on the K ppen climate classification system. In eastern Nebraska,
this climate is generally characterized by hot humid summers and cold winters. Average winter temperatures vary between 13 F
to 35 F. Average summer temperatures vary between 64 F to 90 F. Exploration, construction and operational activities
may be conducted all year round. 

Average
monthly precipitation (rain and snowfall) varies between 0.9 and 5.0 inches. Average yearly precipitation is between 31 and 33
inches with an average yearly snowfall of approximately 28 inches. Nebraska is located within an area known for tornadoes which
runs through the central U.S. where thunderstorms are common in the spring and summer months. Tornadoes primarily occur during
the spring and summer and may occur into the autumn months. 

There
are several local communities near the Elk Creek Property, including Elk Creek and Tecumseh, that will provide local housing for
the Elk Creek Project. There are a number of other communities within driving distance and the large cities of Lincoln and Omaha
are within reasonable driving distance. Mining activities currently taking place in the area are limited to limestone and aggregate
operations to support the local cement manufacturing and construction industries. 

The
Elk Creek Project is expected to incorporate surface and underground infrastructure, as well as tailings storage facilities. The
offsite infrastructure is expected to include a new high voltage transmission line constructed by the local utility company and
providing power to an on-site primary sub-station and a natural gas pipeline built by the owner of the interstate pipeline. Water
used for all on-site process needs and activities will be supplied from mine dewatering activities, local groundwater wells and
from a local water utility. See 2022 Elk Creek Feasibility Study below for additional information regarding
proposed infrastructure related to the Elk Creek Project. 

The
local topography of eastern Nebraska is relatively low-relief with shallow rolling hills intersected by shallow river valleys.
Elevation varies from about 1,066 to 1,280 ft above sea level. Bedrock outcrop exposure is nonexistent in the Elk Creek Project
area. 

The
majority of the area around the Elk Creek Project is used for cultivation of corn and soybeans, along with uses as grazing land.
Native vegetation typical of eastern Nebraska is upland tall-grass, prairie and upland deciduous forests. 

Geology
and Mineralization 

Geology 

The
Elk Creek Property includes a carbonatite that has intruded older Precambrian granitic and low- to medium-grade metamorphic basement
rocks. The carbonatite is an elliptical magmatic body with a northwest-trending long axis perpendicular to the strike of the Midcontinent
Rift System, near the northern part of the Nemaha uplift. The carbonatite consists predominantly of dolomite, calcite and ankerite,
with lesser chlorite, barite, phlogopite, pyrochlore, serpentine, fluorite, sulfides, bastnasite, monazite, and quartz. It is,
however, believed from stratigraphic reconstruction based on drill core observation in the area that the carbonatite is unconformably
overlain by approximately 200 m of essentially flat-lying Palaeozoic marine sedimentary rocks, including carbonates, sandstones
and shales of Pennsylvanian age. 

Mineralization 

The
property hosts niobium, titanium, and scandium mineralization as well as REE mineralization that occurs within the Elk Creek carbonatite.
The current known extents of the carbonatite unit are approximately 950 m along strike, 300 m wide, and 750 m in dip extent, below
the unconformity. Niobium, titanium, scandium, and rare earths are considered the main elements of interest. 

The
deposit contains significant concentrations of niobium. Based on the metallurgical testwork completed to date at a number of laboratories
using QEMSCAN analysis, the niobium mineralization is known to be fine grained, 

29 

and that 77 of the niobium occurs in the
mineral pyrochlore, while the balance occurs in an iron-titanium-niobium oxide mineral of varying composition. 

Within
the Elk Creek carbonatite, a host of other elements exist with varying degrees of concentration. The Company has completed both
whole rock analysis and multi-element analysis on all samples for the 2014 drilling program, described below, plus resampling
of selected historical core/pulps between 2011 and 2014. 

Historical
Exploration 

Drilling
at the Elk Creek Property was conducted in three phases. The first was during the 1970 s and 1980 s by the Molybdenum
Company of America Molycorp ), the second in 2011 by Quantum Rare Earth Developments Corp Quantum 
- NioCorp under its former name), and the third and latest program from 2014 to 2016 by NioCorp. To date, 129 diamond core holes
have been completed for a total of 64,981 m over the entire geological complex. Of these, a total of 48 holes (33,909 m) have
been completed to date in the mineralized area and are used in the current mineral resource and reserve estimates. Five additional
holes, with a total length of 3,353.1 m, were drilled for hydrogeologic and geotechnical purposes in 2015. No sampling has been
completed of these five holes to date and therefore they have not been considered for the mineral resource or reserve estimates. 

All
drilling has been completed using a combination of Tricone, Reverse Circulation RC or Diamond Drilling DDH in the upper portion of the hole within the Pennsylvanian sediments. All drilling within the underlying carbonatite has been completed
using DDH methods. 

Summary
of Drilling Database within Elk Creek Deposit Area 

Year 
 
 Company 

Number
 of 
Holes 

Average
 Depth (m) 

Sum
 Length 
(m) 

1970-1980 
 
 Molycorp 

27 

596.6 

16,108.2 

2011 
 
 Quantum 

3 

772.6 

2,317.7 

2014-2015 
 
 NioCorp 

18 

845.4 

15,482.8 

Total 

48 

700.9 

33,908.7 

Molycorp,
1973-1986 

Between
1973 and 1974, Molycorp completed six drillholes: EC-1 to EC-4, targeting the Elk Creek anomaly, and two other holes outside the
Elk Creek anomaly area. Drillholes were typically carried out by RC drilling through the overlying sedimentary rocks and diamond
drilling through the Ordovician-Cambrian basement rocks. 

Molycorp
continued their drill program from 1977 and, in May 1978, Molycorp made its discovery of the current mineral resource with drillhole
EC-11. EC-11 is located on Section 33, Township 4N, and Range 11. The carbonatite hosting the Elk Creek Project was intersected
at a vertical depth of 203.61 m (668 ft). 

Molycorp
continued its drilling program through to 1984, which mainly centered on the Elk Creek Project within a radius of roughly 2 km.
By 1984, Molycorp had completed 57 drillholes within the Elk Creek gravity anomaly area, which included 25 drillholes over the
Elk Creek Project area. 

From
1984 to 1986, drilling was focused on the Elk Creek gravity anomaly area. The anomaly area is roughly 7 km in diameter and drilling
was conducted on a grid pattern of approximately 610 m by 610 m (roughly 2,000 ft by 2,000 ft) with some closer spaced drillholes
in selected areas. 

By
1986, a total of 106 regional drillholes were completed for a total of approximately 46,797 m (153,532 ft). The deepest hole reached
a depth of 1,038 m (3,406 ft) and bottomed in carbonatite. 

Quantum,
2010-2011 

In
April 2011, Quantum conducted a preliminary drill program (three holes) on the Elk Creek deposit and two REE exploration targets
(two holes), which have been excluded from the current mineral resource and reserve estimation, as they do not intersect the Nb 2 O 5
 anomaly and are located to the east. The objectives of the drill program 

30 

over the Elk Creek Property were to verify the
presence of higher-grade niobium mineralization at depth, and to infill drill the known niobium deposit in order to upgrade the
resource category of the previous resource estimate and expand the known resource. The drill program was also established to collect
sufficient sample material for metallurgical characterization and process development studies of the niobium mineralization. 

The
2011 program consisted of five inclined drillholes, totaling 3,420 m of NQ size diameter core. Inclusive of this total, three
drillholes, totaling 2,318 m, were drilled into the known Elk Creek deposit. 

NioCorp,
2014 to Present 

NioCorp
commenced drilling on the Elk Creek Property using a three-phased program. The three-phased program was originally based on 14
drillholes for approximately 12,150 m (announced in a press release on April 29, 2014), but was subsequently expanded during the
program to 18 drillholes for approximately 15,482 m. Three of the 18 drillholes were drilled for the purpose of metallurgical
characterization and process development studies. Two of these drillholes, NEC14-MET-01 and NEC14-MET-02, were not assayed, while
NEC14-MET-03 was quarter cored with one quarter being assayed and the remainder used for metallurgical testwork. The drilling
has been orientated to intersect the geological model from the southwest and northeast (perpendicular to the strike), with the
exception of NEC14-011 and NEC14-012, which were oriented southeast and northwest, respectively. 

During
fiscal year 2022, NioCorp collected a total of 1,095 samples originating from 18 diamond drill holes completed by MolyCorp, as
discussed above. These samples were collected, and subsequently assayed, in order to fill in gaps in our records regarding REE
grades and tonnage that may exist in the deposit. Assaying was conducted at Actlabs in Ancaster, Ontario. The assay results were
subjected to a Quality Assurance and Quality Control QA/QC program consistent with industry best practices. 

A
list of the drillholes, sample storage location, and number of assay results, related to the records gaps noted above, are presented
below and are represented as blue drillhole intervals. Each sample represented a 5-foot section of drill core. All of the holes
noted below were drilled into the Elk Creek carbonatite in the vicinity of the mineral resource for the Elk Creek Project. 

Pre-2021
Hole Sampling Summary 

Resource
 Area 
 Drillholes 
 Source
/ Storage Facility 
 Samples
 selected for 
 REE and Sc Assays 
 
 EC-011 
 Molycorp
 Samples / Mead Core Warehouse 
 65 
 
 EC-014 
 Molycorp
 Samples / Mead Core Warehouse 
 16 
 
 EC-015 
 Molycorp
 Samples / Mead Core Warehouse 
 151 
 
 EC-016 
 Molycorp
 Samples / Mead Core Warehouse 
 26 
 
 EC-018 
 Molycorp
 Samples / Mead Core Warehouse 
 92 
 
 EC-019 
 Molycorp
 Samples / Mead Core Warehouse 
 53 
 
 EC-020 
 Molycorp
 Samples / Mead Core Warehouse 
 30 
 
 EC-021 
 Molycorp
 Samples / Mead Core Warehouse 
 45 
 
 EC-022 
 Molycorp
 Samples / Mead Core Warehouse 
 57 
 
 EC-024 
 Molycorp
 Samples / Mead Core Warehouse 
 19 
 
 EC-026 
 Molycorp
 Samples / Mead Core Warehouse 
 86 
 
 EC-027 
 Molycorp
 Samples / Mead Core Warehouse 
 34 
 
 EC-029 
 Molycorp
 Samples / Mead Core Warehouse 
 27 
 
 EC-030 
 Molycorp
 Samples / Mead Core Warehouse 
 25 
 
 EC-031 
 Molycorp
 Samples / Mead Core Warehouse 
 47 
 
 EC-032 
 Molycorp
 Samples / Mead Core Warehouse 
 111 
 
 EC-034 
 Molycorp
 Samples / Mead Core Warehouse 
 54 
 
 EC-037 
 Molycorp
 Samples / Mead Core Warehouse 
 74 
 
 EC-054 
 Molycorp
 Samples / Mead Core Warehouse 
 83 

Total 
 1,095 

31 

Resource
Area Assay Distribution Showing REE Assays (Red) and REE Assay Gaps (Blue). 

Internal
Controls 

NioCorp
integrated a series of routine QA/QC procedures throughout the sampling and analytical analysis for drilling programs to ensure
the highest level of quality was maintained throughout the process leading to the estimate of mineral reserves and mineral resources
for the Elk Creek Project. This included the insertion of duplicate samples taken from various stages of the process, insertion
of known control samples (standard reference materials, certified reference materials CRM ), and blanks) and sending
third-party pulps to the secondary lab (SGS Canada Inc.). 

Sample
tickets were assigned initially at the core shed using barcodes with duplicate tickets placed inside and on the outside of the
bag. Sample identification was confirmed using barcode labelling and visual sample type comparisons before sample shipment. The
use of barcoded samples ensured both shipment forms and analytical labs used accurate information. Multiple types of QC samples
were inserted at this stage of the process, which includes the following: 

Field
 quartz blanks (1 in 20, or 5 were inserted within or immediately after samples collected
 from mineralized intervals, targeting zones of elevated visual mineralization, where
 possible. 

CRMs
 (1 in 20, or 5 were inserted in the field with the sample sequence. 

Field
 quarter-core duplicates (1 in 20, or 5 were inserted to test mineralization and sampling
 variability. 

Additional
details on the QA/QC program can be found in Section 8 of the S-K 1300 Elk Creek Technical Report Summary. 

32 

Mineral
deposits, including the Elk Creek deposit, are inherently uncertain because of variability at all scales and sparse sampling.
In addition to uncertainty associated with estimation, there are specific risks and sources of uncertainty associated with the
Elk Creek deposit. See Item 1A, Risk Factors. 

S-K
1300 and other similarly purposed International Codes (JORC, 2012; NI 43-101, 2014) are designed to require disclosure to the
public of risks relating to mineral resource and reserve estimation as identified and evaluated by a qualified person. The qualified
persons responsible for the S-K 1300 Elk Creek Technical Report Summary address the technical risks in various sections and consider
that no material technical risks are identified. Additional descriptions of the risks and uncertainty associated with reported
mineral reserves and resources can be found in Section 11 of the S-K 1300 Elk Creek Technical Report Summary. 

2022
Elk Creek Feasibility Study 

During
fiscal year 2022, the Company launched geological, metallurgical, engineering, and other analyses to assess the feasibility of
adding REE production to its plans once sufficient work has been completed. The Company and its consultants were required to complete
additional assays of historical drill core to fill data gaps in the existing resource database to establish an REE mineral resource.
The mine plan was also updated and the S-K 1300 Elk Creek Technical Report Summary was filed with the SEC as an exhibit to the
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. The S-K 1300 Elk Creek Technical Report Summary
was based on the economic and process results of the feasibility study conducted by the qualified persons, which were also presented
in the 2022 NI 43-101 Elk Creek Technical Report. 

The
Elk Creek Project is planned as an underground mining operation using a long-hole stoping mining method and paste backfill, operating
with a processing rate of 2,764 tonnes per day. Expected total production over the 38-year mine life includes 171,140 tonnes of
payable niobium, 3,676 tonnes of Sc 2 O 3 , and 431,793 tonnes of TiO 2 . Estimated up-front direct
capital costs are 760 million, in addition to indirect costs of 187 million, pre-production capital costs of 92 million, an
overall contingency of 102 million, and pre-production net revenue credit of 257 million. 

Financial
Analysis Included in the 2022 Elk Creek Feasibility Study 

The
metrics reported in the S-K 1300 Elk Creek Technical Report Summary are based on the cash flow model results. The metrics are
on both a pre-tax and after-tax basis, on a 100 equity basis with no Elk Creek Project financing inputs and are in first quarter
2019 U.S. constant dollars. Foreign exchange impacts were deemed negligible as most, if not all, costs and revenues are denominated
in U.S. dollars. Key criteria used in the analysis are discussed in detail throughout this section. 

Principal
Project Assumptions Included in the 2022 Elk Creek Feasibility Study 

Description 
 Value 
 
 Pre-Production
 Period 
 4
 years 
 
 Process
 Plant Life 
 38
 years 
 
 Mine
 Operating Days per Year 
 365 
 
 Mill
 Operating Days per Year 
 365 
 
 Discount
 Rate, End of Period 
 @
 8 
 
 Commercial
 Production Year 
 2025

33 

Summary
of Key Evaluation Metrics Included in the 2022 Elk Creek Feasibility Study 

Description 
 Value 
 
 Ore
 Mined (kt) 
 36,655 
 
 Ore
 Mining Rate (t/d) 
 2,764 
 
 Niobium
 Grade 
 0.81 
 
 Scandium
 Grade (parts per million, ppm 
 70.2 
 
 TiO 2
 Grade 
 2.92 
 
 Contained
 Nb 2 O 5 (kt) 
 297 
 
 Contained
 Sc (t) 
 2,573 
 
 Contained
 TiO 2 (kt) 
 1,071 
 
 Total
 Ore Processed (kt) 
 36,655 
 
 Processing
 Rate (kt/y) 
 1,009 
 
 Average
 Recovery, Nb 2 O 5 
 82.4 
 
 Average
 Recovery Sc 
 93.1 
 
 Average
 Recovery TiO 2 
 40.3 
 
 Recovered
 Nb 2 O 5 (kt) 
 245 
 
 Recovered
 Sc (t) 
 2,395 
 
 Recovered
 TiO 2 (kt) 
 432 
 
 Realized
 Market Prices 

Nb
 (US /kg) 
 46.55 
 
 TiO 2
 (US /kg) 
 0.99 
 
 Sc 2 O 3
 (US /kg) 
 3,674 
 
 Payable
 Metal 

Nb
 (t) 
 171,140 
 
 Sc 2 O 3
 (t) 
 3,676 
 
 TiO 2
 (t) 
 431,793 

Summary
Projected Economic Results Included in the 2022 Elk Creek Feasibility Study 

Description 
 Value
 000) 
 
 Total
 Gross Revenue 
 21,899,726 
 
 Operating
 Costs: 

Mining
 Cost 
 (1,553,325) 
 
 Process
 Cost 
 (3,911,116) 
 
 Site
 G A Cost 
 (300,400) 
 
 Concentrate
 Freight Cost 
 (10,472) 
 
 Other
 Infrastructure Costs 
 (200,407) 
 
 Water
 Management Cost 
 (609,195) 
 
 Tailings
 Management Cost 
 (73,822) 
 
 Property
 Tax 
 (217,540) 
 
 Royalties 
 (300,503) 
 
 Annual
 Bond Premium 
 (5,500) 
 
 Total
 Operating Costs 
 (7,182,280) 
 
 Operating
 Margin (EBITDA 1 
 14,717,445 
 
 Effective
 Tax Rate 
 16.42 
 
 Total
 Taxes 
 (2,246,186) 
 
 Working
 Capital 
 - 
 
 Operating
 Cash Flow 
 12,471,258 

Totals may not sum due to rounding. 
 
 1
- 
 The term EBITDA refers to earnings before interest, taxes depreciation and amortization. See Non-GAAP
Financial Performance Measures below for a discussion of the use of non-GAAP financial measures. 

34 

Operating
Cost Estimates Included in the 2022 Elk Creek Feasibility Study 

The
following LoM unit operating costs include the pre-production and first/last years of production. 

Description 
 LoM
 US /t ore 
 
 Mining
 Cost 
 42.38 
 
 Process
 Cost 
 106.70 
 
 Water
 Management Cost 
 16.62 
 
 Site
 G A Cost 
 8.20 
 
 Other
 Infrastructure 
 5.47 
 
 Tailings
 Management Cost 
 2.01 
 
 Other
 Expenses 
 6.22 
 
 Subtotal
 
 187.59

Royalties/Annual
 Bond Premium 
 8.35 
 
 Total
 LoM Operating Costs 
 195.94 

Totals
may not sum due to rounding. 

Capital
Cost Estimates Included in the 2022 Elk Creek Feasibility Study 

The
following table shows the breakout in LoM initial capital and sustaining capital cost estimates (excluding closure and reclamation
of 44 million), which total 1,562 million. This includes a total initial capital cost of 1,141 million, including a 10 contingency. 

000,000) 
 
 Description 
 Initial 
 Sustaining 
 Total 
 
 Capitalized
 Preproduction Expenses 
 77 
 - 
 77 
 
 Site
 Preparation and Infrastructure 
 41 
 15 
 56 
 
 Processing
 Plant 
 367 
 96 
 464 
 
 Water
 Management and Treatment 
 74 
 24 
 97 
 
 Mining
 Infrastructure 
 257 
 198 
 455 
 
 Tailings
 Management 
 21 
 79 
 100 
 
 Site
 Wide Indirects 
 7 
 - 
 7 
 
 Processing
 Indirects 
 96 
 - 
 96 
 
 Mining
 Indirects 
 41 
 - 
 41 
 
 Commissioning 
 15 
 - 
 15 
 
 Owner s
 Costs 
 34 
 - 
 34 
 
 Mine
 Water Management Indirects 
 9 
 - 
 9 
 
 Contingency 
 102 
 9 
 111 
 
 Total
 Capital Costs 
 1,141 
 422 
 1,562 

Totals
may not sum due to rounding. 

Planned
Mining Operations 

The
Elk Creek Project is planned as an underground mining operation using a long-hole stoping mining method and paste backfill, with
shaft access to minimize development through water bearing horizons. The mine will utilize jumbo drills for lateral development
and tophammer and down-the-hole drills for vertical development and production stoping. Rock bolters will be used for ground support
and probe holes will be used to support mine grouting where required. Ore will be remotely mucked from the bottom stope accesses
using 14 tonne Load-Haul-Dump units LHD ). The LHDs will transport the ore to an ore pass directly or to remuck
bays to maximize the efficiency of the stope mucking operations. When needed, a second LHD and a fleet of 40 tonne haul trucks
will be used to transport ore from the remuck bays to the grizzly feeding the underground material handling system. Multiple remuck
bays are used on each level to avoid interference between the LHD and the haul trucks. The ore is fed through the grizzlys with
rock breakers into an underground crusher (the Primary Crusher and via a material handling system to the surface. 

Planned
Processing Operations 

Planned
ore process operations include mineral processing, hydrometallurgical processing Hydromet ), and pyrometallurgical
processing Pyromet housed in separate buildings. 

35 

The
mineral processing building will house all of its equipment within a single large building. Ore from the Primary Crusher (located
in the underground mine) will be fed to the secondary cone crusher system, operating in closed circuit with a double deck screen.
The screen undersize from the cone crusher system will be fed to a high-pressure grinding roll unit HPGR ), operating
in closed circuit with another double deck screen. The HPGR screen undersize is the comminution product that will report to the
Hydromet process. 

The
Hydromet plant building will be a multi-level engineered steel structure, which will house equipment on two levels. Ore from mineral
processing will be fed through 15 individual processes required to separate the three recoverable products. The purpose of the
Hydromet processing steps is to leach the pay metals into solution using two separate acid leaches (Hydrochloric Acid Leach and
Sulfuric Acid Bake), remove impurities, separate the three pay metals, and perform precipitation/processing to final solid oxide
forms. Outputs from the Hydromet Process include saleable TiO 2 and Sc 2 O 3 , with Nb 2 O 5
 reporting to the Pyromet plant for final processing. The Hydromet plant will be supported by a Hydrochloric Acid Regeneration
plant and a Sulfuric Acid Plant. 

The
Pyromet building will house most of its equipment within a single building. The purpose of the Pyromet plant is to reduce the
Nb 2 O 5 coming from the Hydromet plant by converting it into a saleable FeNb metal. Aluminum shots and iron
oxide pellets will be introduced to an electric arc furnace on a continuous basis along with fluxing agents and Nb 2 O 5
 to produce a saleable ferroniobium metal. 

Proposed
Production Plan and Schedule 

Based
on the 2022 Elk Creek Feasibility Study, the operating mine life is approximately 38 years with a nominal processing rate of 2,764
tonnes per day. The Elk Creek Project timeline is based on 39 months to mechanical completion after Authorization to Proceed,
plus an additional six months of commissioning and ramp-up to 100 of production capacity for a total of 45 months and assumes
no financing constraints. The NioCorp board must approve a construction program and budget before construction of the Elk Creek
Project can begin. This approval, along with the receipt of all required governmental permits and approvals and the completion
of project financings, will determine whether and when construction of the Elk Creek Project can begin. 

Proposed
Tailings Storage 

The
tailings produced by the process plant will consist of filtered water leach residue, calcined excess oxide, and slag. Four engineered
and lined tailings storage facilities TSFs will be constructed sequentially to contain the tailings over the life
of the Elk Creek Project and would contain approximately 14.5 million tonnes of tailings. The tailings facilities have been designed
to incorporate two independent areas: a composite-lined tailings solids storage area; and an area with double lined containment,
including a leak collection and recovery system for management of stormwater runoff and drainage from the tailings solids. The
TSFs will store predominantly dry (i.e., not in a slurry consistency) tailings from the plant with embankment construction based
on a downstream construction method. Facility closure is considered in the design. 

Proposed
Salt Management 

The
crystalline salt produced as a waste product of heating and evaporating brine from the reverse osmosis RO water
treatment plant will be transported by conveyor to the temporary salt staging area and then be transported by truck to the dedicated
salt management cells SMC ). Two SMCs will be constructed sequentially to contain the salt over the life of the
project and would contain approximately 1.63 million cubic meters of salt. The SMCs design will incorporate a composite-lined
storage area with double-lined containment including a leak collection and recovery system for management of stormwater runoff
and drainage. 

Proposed
Water Management 

For
the first several years of construction, the advancement of the shaft and underground workings will require limited dewatering,
anticipated to be through lower-level sumping and pumping for surface collection and disposal. Initially, water will be stored
in the lined SMC #1 during construction or will be trucked off-site for treatment at a local publicly owned treatment works. Excess
water in the SMCs will be spray evaporated within the footprint of the SMC, to avoid the reintroduction of soluble salts into
the water treatment system. Temporary on-site storage or off-site shipment and disposal of the crystallizer solid waste may be
necessary until construction of SMC #1 is completed. 

36 

Once
full operations commence, we anticipate a shortfall of approximately 3,700 gallons per minute of operational and processing water,
as the underground mine dewatering is only expected to produce 1,000 gallons per minute. To make up this shortfall, we would purchase
fresh water from a local utility and from local landowners. 

Once
tailings begin being deposited in the TSF, internal contact water (from residual moisture in the tailings and precipitation falling
within the impoundment footprint) will need to be actively managed. This water will be collected and treated using lime softening
to precipitate hydroxide and carbonate solid forms for many of the inorganic constituents. The treated water will be filtered
to remove the solids (which will be returned to the TSF for disposal), and the clean water will be pumped to the process plant
RO system for further treatment. The clean water from the process plant RO unit will be used in the process plant, and the reject
concentrate will be crystallized and deposited into the SMCs. 

Proposed
Source of Power 

The
local power utility (Omaha Public Power District) will provide power from nearby transmission lines to the site. This will require
that an approximate 18-mile transmission line be installed by the utility to provide the site sub-station with the required site
power demand. The local power utility will also design and install the main substation that will be owned and maintained by the
utility. This infrastructure will be paid back through rate charges on the electrical usage. 

Proposed
Source of Natural Gas 

Natural
gas, to be used throughout the Elk Creek Project during the construction and operation phases of the project, will be brought
to the site via pipeline from the local utility company. NioCorp has a natural gas transportation contract with Tallgrass Energy,
which operates the Rockies Express REX pipeline. Tallgrass will construct a 45 kilometer (28 mile) gas pipeline
lateral from the main REX pipeline system in Kansas to the project site. The lateral will be sized to provide a minimum of 27.5
dekatherms of gas per day. Natural gas will be distributed to all on-site facilities utilizing buried high-density polyethylene
natural gas distribution pipe. Natural gas piping above ground and located inside of facilities will consist predominately of
carbon steel pipe. Maximum on-site pipeline distribution pressure will be 100 pounds per square inch gauge. Natural gas will be
used for facility heating, water heating, and for gas-fired process equipment. 

Markets 

Market
studies for niobium, TiO 2 , and Sc 2 O 3 are an important part of the proposed Elk Creek operation.
These commodities, especially niobium and Sc 2 O 3 , are thinly traded without an established publicly available
price discovery mechanism. Hence, detailed third-party market studies provide the basis for assumptions used in the economic analysis. 

The
economic analysis in the 2022 Elk Creek Feasibility Study used the 2019 U.S. dollar base price of 47/kg Nb as the forward-looking
price for steel grade (65 ferroniobium based on published independent third-party reports. The base price is adjusted to a realized
price to account for the discount provisions contained in the two ferroniobium offtake agreements that the Company has concluded. 

NioCorp
engaged OnG Commodities LLC OnG to produce a market assessment in April 2017. The study examines current scandium
production trends (approximately 20 tons/year) from existing and emerging producers plus an outlook for supply to 2028. The outlook
then reviewed the current and emerging applications for scandium, including fuel cells, aerospace, industrial and other uses,
plus an outlook for demand to 2028. Based on these inputs, OnG provided pricing forecasts and global demand volumes by year to
2028 based estimated production costs and supply-demand balances. The pricing sheet for the OnG Commodities report was updated
for NioCorp in 2019. 

No
formal market study was done for TiO 2 as it only represents 2 of overall revenue in the economic analysis. All market
information for titanium and TiO 2 is derived from USGS Commodity Market Summaries (Bedinger, 2019). 

37 

Taxation
Rates Included in the 2022 Elk Creek Feasibility Study 

Taxes
that may be levied on the Elk Creek Project include corporate income tax rates of 21 for federal and 5.84 for Nebraska. The
Elk Creek Project is eligible for federal depletion allowances and credits, as well as various state incentives. The calculated
effective income tax rate for the Elk Creek Project is 16.42 for the 2022 Feasibility Study. 

Design
Considerations for Environmental Performance 

The
current mine design incorporates these following strategies and technologies designed to minimize environmental impacts of operation: 

Zero
 Process Liquid Discharge: The Elk Creek facility will now operate as a Zero Process
 Liquid Discharge facility, with no releases of process liquids. Instead, both
 naturally occurring, brackish (slightly salty) water produced during mining operations,
 and water used in ore processing, will be treated on site for use in operations. A solid
 salt will be produced from water treatment operations which will be stored on site. 

Additional
 Protection of Groundwater Resources Through Artificial Ground Freezing: The Elk Creek
 Project s new mine design will utilize artificial ground freezing as part of the
 process of sinking the production and ventilation shafts. Artificial ground freezing
 creates a temporary frozen barrier that helps to protect groundwater resources in the
 area while shaft-sinking operations are underway. 

Avoidance
 of Permanent Impacts to Federally Jurisdictional Waters: We designed the layout of the
 Elk Creek Project to minimize or avoid permanent impacts to any federally jurisdictional
 waters and/or wetlands on the property. This reduced the expected environmental impacts
 and allowed the Elk Creek Project to secure a Clean Water Act Section 404 permit from
 the USACE under the Nationwide Permit Program, a much more efficient and less expensive
 process than an individual Section 404 permit. No other NEPA-level federal permits are
 now expected to be required for the Elk Creek Project. 

Recycling
 of Reagents Used in Mineral Processing: Metallurgical and process advances made in 2016
 and 2017 are expected to help reduce the volume of material planned for disposal in the
 Elk Creek Project s tailings storage areas. As more of this material is recycled,
 the environmental footprint of the Elk Creek Project is reduced. 

Utilizing
 Tailings as Underground Mine Backfill: We plan to fill underground voids concurrently
 with mining operations using a paste backfill material that contains mine waste material
 that typically would be stored in above-ground tailings storage areas. 

The
Company has not identified any significant encumbrances to the property it owns or holds under OTP agreements. The Company has
not had any permit violations or fines since the filing of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. 

Permitting
requirements for the project have been identified. The Company holds an Air Construction Permit from the State of Nebraska and
a Special Use Permit from Johnson County, both of which are necessary to allow the start of project construction. In addition,
the Elk Creek Project will be required to obtain a series of permits for operations from federal, state, and local agencies. The
majority of these permits are ministerial in nature and present minimal risk to the Company, and typically involve the completion
of an application and the payment of a nominal fee. Three permits from the state of Nebraska are discretionary in nature, where
an application and fee are provided to the state and the state must make a decision as to whether or not the permit will be granted.
While the risk involved in such permits is low, such discretionary permits require more processing time by the state and do require
the state agency to make a decision in favor of issuance of the permit. These three permits include the following: 

Solid
 Waste Permit; 

Air
 Operating Permit; and 

Radioactive
 Materials License. 

38 

The
cost and schedule for obtaining both the discretionary and ministerial permits is included in the overall execution plan for the
Elk Creek Project. Additional details on the project s permitting requirements can be found in Section 17 of the S-K 1300
Elk Creek Technical Report Summary. 

Mineral
Reserves and Resources 

The mineral reserves and mineral resources disclosed below are based on the S-K 1300 Elk Creek Technical
Report Summary, which was originally filed as Exhibit 96.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2022. Mineral reserves and mineral resources at the Elk Creek Project as of June 30, 2023, are summarized in the
tables below. Further discussion and background regarding the approaches used to establish mineral reserves and mineral resources
is contained in Chapters 11 and 12 of the S-K 1300 Elk Creek Technical Report Summary. 

Elk
Creek Project In Situ Mineral Resource Estimate (niobium, titanium, and scandium) Excluding Reserves as of June 30,
2023 

Class 
 NSR
 Cutoff 
 Tonnage
 (Mt) 

Indicated 
 US 180 
 151.7 
 Nb 2 O 5
 ) 
 Nb 2 O 5
 (kt) 
 
 0.43 
 649.8 
 
 TiO 2
 ) 
 TiO 2
 (kt) 
 
 2.02 
 3,067 
 
 Sc
 (ppm) 
 Sc
 (t) 
 
 56.42 
 8,558 
 
 Inferred 
 US 180 
 108.3 
 Nb 2 O 5
 ) 
 Nb 2 O 5
 (kt) 
 
 0.39 
 426.6 
 
 TiO 2
 ) 
 TiO 2
 (kt) 
 
 1.92 
 2,082 
 
 Sc
 (ppm) 
 Sc
 (t) 
 
 52.28 
 5,660 

Elk
Creek Project In Situ Mineral Resource Estimate (rare earth oxides) Excluding Reserves as of June 30, 2023 

Class 
 NSR
 
 Cut-off 
 Tonnage
 (Mt) 

Indicated 
 US 180 
 151.7 
 La 2 O 3
 ) 
 La 2 O 3
 (kt) 
 Ce 2 O 3
 ) 
 Ce 2 O 3
 (kt) 
 Pr 2 O 3
 ) 
 Pr 2 O 3
 (kt) 

0.0766 
 116.2 
 0.1320 
 200.2 
 0.0140 
 21.3 

Nd 2 O 3
 ) 
 Nd 2 O 3
 (kt) 
 Sm 2 O 3
 ) 
 Sm 2 O 3
 (kt) 
 Eu 2 O 3
 ) 
 Eu 2 O 3
 (kt) 

0.0511 
 77.5 
 0.0116 
 17.6 
 0.0040 
 6.0 

Gd 2 O 3
 ) 
 Gd 2 O 3
 (kt) 
 Tb 2 O 3
 ) 
 Tb 2 O 3
 (kt) 
 Dy 2 O 3
 ) 
 Dy 2 O 3
 (kt) 

0.0096 
 14.6 
 0.0011 
 1.6 
 0.0044 
 6.7 

Ho 2 O 3
 ) 
 Ho 2 O 3
 (kt) 
 Er 2 O 3
 ) 
 Er 2 O 3
 (kt) 
 Tm 2 O 3 ) 
 Tm 2 O 3
 (kt) 

0.0006 
 1.0 
 0.0015 
 2.2 
 0.0002 
 0.3 

Yb 2 O 3
 ) 
 Yb 2 O 3
 (kt) 
 Lu 2 O 3
 ) 
 Lu 2 O 3
 (kt) 
 Y 2 O 3
 ) 
 Y 2 O 3
 (kt) 

0.0010 
 1.5 
 0.0001 
 0.2 
 0.0187 
 28.4 

LREO
 ) 
 LREO
 (kt) 
 HREO
 ) 
 HREO
 (kt) 
 TREO
 ) 
 TREO
 (kt) 

0.2737 
 415.2 
 0.0528 
 80.0 
 0.3265 
 495.2 

Inferred 
 US 180 
 108.3 
 La 2 O 3
 ) 
 La 2 O 3
 (kt) 
 Ce 2 O 3
 ) 
 Ce 2 O 3
 (kt) 
 Pr 2 O 3
 ) 
 Pr 2 O 3
 (kt) 

0.0943 
 102.1 
 0.1576 
 170.6 
 0.0163 
 17.7 

Nd 2 O 3
 ) 
 Nd 2 O 3
 (kt) 
 Sm 2 O 3
 ) 
 Sm 2 O 3
 (kt) 
 Eu 2 O 3
 ) 
 Eu 2 O 3
 (kt) 

0.0575 
 62.2 
 0.0116 
 12.6 
 0.0038 
 4.1 

Gd 2 O 3
 ) 
 Gd 2 O 3
 (kt) 
 Tb 2 O 3
 ) 
 Tb 2 O 3
 (kt) 
 Dy 2 O 3
 ) 
 Dy 2 O 3
 (kt) 

0.0090 
 9.8 
 0.0010 
 1.1 
 0.0042 
 4.6 

Ho 2 O 3
 ) 
 Ho 2 O 3
 (kt) 
 Er 2 O 3
 ) 
 Er 2 O 3
 (kt) 
 Tm 2 O 3 ) 
 Tm 2 O 3
 (kt) 

0.0006 
 0.7 
 0.0014 
 1.5 
 0.0002 
 0.2 

Yb 2 O 3
 ) 
 Yb 2 O 3
 (kt) 
 Lu 2 O 3
 ) 
 Lu 2 O 3
 (kt) 
 Y 2 O 3
 ) 
 Y 2 O 3
 (kt) 

0.0010 
 1.1 
 0.0001 
 0.1 
 0.0182 
 19.7 

LREO
 ) 
 LREO
 (kt) 
 HREO
 ) 
 HREO
 (kt) 
 TREO
 ) 
 TREO
 (kt) 

0.3257 
 352.6 
 0.0512 
 55.5 
 0.3769 
 408.1 

Notes: 

a. Classification
 of mineral resources in the above tables is in accordance with the S-K 1300 classification
 system. Mineral resources in this table are reported exclusive of mineral reserves. 

b. Mineral
 resources that are not mineral reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability. 

39 

c. The
 mineral resources are reported at a Diluted Net Smelter Return (NSR) Cut-off of US 180/tonne. 

d. The
 diluted NSR is defined as: 

Diluted
 NSR (US )= 
 Revenue
 per block Nb 2 O 5 (diluted) + Revenue per block TiO 2 (diluted) + Revenue per
 block Sc (diluted) 

Diluted tonnes per
 block 

The
 diluted revenue from Nb 2 O 5 , TiO 2 , and Sc per block used
 the following factors: 

Nb 2 O 5
 Revenue: a 94 grade recovery, a 0.696 factor to convert Nb 2 O 5
 to Nb, 82.36 assumption for plant recovery, and a US 39.60 selling price per kg
 of ferroniobium as of June 30, 2022. 

TiO 2
 Revenue: a 94 grade recovery, a 40.31 assumption for plant recovery, and an US 0.88
 kg selling price per kg of titanium oxide as of June 30, 2022. 

Sc
 Revenue: a 94 grade recovery, a 1.534 factor to convert Sc to Sc 2 O 3 ,
 93.14 assumption for plant recovery, and a US 3,675 selling price per kg of scandium
 oxide as of June 30, 2022. 

The
 diluted tonnes are a 6 increase in the total tonnes of the block. 

e. Price
 assumptions for FeNb, Sc 2 O 3 , and TiO 2 as shown in note
 d, above, are based upon independent market analyses for each product. 

f. Numbers
 may not sum due to rounding. The rounding is not considered to be material. 

g. Rare
 Earth Oxides (REO) were evaluated as a potential by-product to the mining of niobium,
 titanium, and scandium; thus, the estimated values of the REOs are reported using the
 previously determined diluted NSR as derived from the Nb 2 O 5 , TiO 2 ,
 and Sc mineral resources and are assigned a price of 0 

h. The
 stated Light Rare Earth Oxides (LREO) grade ) is the summation of La 2 O 3
 ), Ce 2 O 3 ), Pr 2 O 3 ), and Nd 2 O 3
 ) estimates. 

i. The
 stated Heavy Rare Earth Oxides (HREO) grade ) is the summation of Sm 2 O 3
 ), Eu 2 O 3 ), Gd 2 O 3 ), Tb 2 O 3
 ), Dy 2 O 3 ), Ho 2 O 3 ), Er 2 O 3
 ), Tm 2 O 3 ), Yb 2 O 3 ), Lu 2 O 3
 ), and Y 2 O 3 ) estimates. 

j. The
 stated Total Rare Earth Oxide (TREO) grade ) is the summation of LREO ) and HREO
 ). 

k. The
 effective date of the mineral resource, including by-products, is June 30, 2023. 

Elk
Creek Project Underground In Situ Mineral Reserves Estimate for Elk Creek as of June 30, 2023 

Classification 
 Tonnage 
 (kt) 
 Nb 2 O 5
 Grade 
 ) 
 Contained
Nb 2 O 5 
 (t) 
 Payable
Nb 
 (t) 
 TiO 2 
 Grade 
 ) 
 Contained
TiO 2 
 (t) 
 Payable 
 TiO 2 
 (t) 
 Sc 
 Grade
(ppm) 
 Contained 
Sc
 
 (t) 
 Payable
Sc 2 O 3 
 (t) 
 
 Proven 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Probable 
 36,656 
 0.81 
 297,278 
 170,409 
 2.92 
 1,071,182 
 431,793 
 70.2 
 2,573 
 3,677 
 
 Total 
 36,656 
 0.81 
 297,278 
 170,409 
 2.92 
 1,071,182 
 431,793 
 70.2 
 2,573 
 3,677 

All
figures are rounded to reflect the relative accuracy of the estimates. Totals may not sum due to rounding. 

The
 Qualified Person for the mineral reserve estimate is Optimize Group Inc. The estimate
 has an effective date of June 30, 2023. 

The
 mineral reserve is based on the mine design, mine plan, and cash-flow model utilizing
 an average cut-off grade of 0.679 Nb 2 O 5 with an NSR of US 180/mt. 

The
 estimate of mineral reserves may be materially affected by metal prices, environmental,
 permitting, legal, title, taxation, socio-political, marketing, infrastructure development,
 or other relevant issues. 

The
 economic assumptions used to define mineral reserve cut-off grade are as follows: 

Annual
 life of mine (LoM) production rate of ~7,450 tonnes of FeNb/annum during the years of
 full production. 

Initial
 elevated five-year production rate ~ 7,500 tonnes of FeNb/annum when full production
 is reached. 

Mining
 dilution of ~6 was applied to all stopes and development, based on 3 for the primary
 stopes, 9 for the secondary stopes, and 5 for ore development. 

Mining
 recoveries of 95 were applied in longhole stopes and 62.5 in sill pillar stopes. 

Parameter 
 Value 
 Unit 
 
 Mining
 Cost 
 42.38 
 US /t
 mined 
 
 Processing
 
 106.70 
 US /t
 mined 
 
 Water
 Management and Infrastructure 
 16.62 
 US /t
 mined 
 
 Tailings
 Management 
 2.01 
 US /t
 mined 
 
 Other
 Infrastructure 
 5.47 
 US /t
 mined 
 
 General
 and Administrative 
 8.91 
 US /t
 mined 
 
 Royalties/Annual
 Bond Premium 
 8.34 
 US /t
 mined 
 
 Other
 Costs 
 6.29 
 US /t
 mined 
 
 Total
 Cost 
 196.72 
 US /t
 mined 
 
 Nb 2 O 5
 to Niobium Conversion 
 69.60 

Niobium
 Process Recovery 
 82.36 

40 

Niobium
 Price 
 39.60 
 US /kg 
 
 TiO 2
 Process Recovery 
 40.31 

TiO 2
 Price 
 0.88 
 US /kg 
 
 Sc
 Process Recovery 
 93.14 

Sc
 to Sc 2 O 3 Conversion 
 153.40 

Sc
 Price 
 3,675.00 
 US /kg 

Price
 assumptions are as follows: FeNb US 39.60/kg Nb, Sc 2 O 3 US 3,675/kg,
 and TiO 2 US 0.88/kg. Price assumptions are based upon independent market analyses
 for each product as of June 30, 2022. 

Price
 and cost assumptions are based on the pricing of products at the mine-gate, 
 with no additional down-stream costs required. The assumed products are ferroniobium
 (metallic alloy shots consisting of 65 Nb and 35 Fe), a titanium dioxide product in
 powder form, and scandium trioxide in powder form. 

The
 mineral reserve has an average LoM NSR of US 563.06/tonne. 

Optimize
 Group has provided detailed estimates of the expected costs based on the knowledge of
 the style of mining (underground) and potential processing methods (by 3rd party Qualified
 Persons). 

Mineral
 reserve effective date is June 30, 2023. The financial model was run after the estimate
 of the NSR above, which reflects a total cost per tonne of US 196.72 versus US 189.91.
 This is not considered a material change. 

Price
 variances for commodities are based on independent market studies versus earlier projected
 pricing. The independent market studies do not have a negative effect on the reserve. 

Comparison
of Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves 

There
were no changes in the Elk Creek Project mineral resource or reserve estimates as of June 30, 2023, as compared to the Elk Creek
Project mineral resource and reserve estimates as of June 30, 2022. 

Environmental
and Social 

A
number of key permits and environmental management requirements have been identified for the Elk Creek Project, some of which
need to be implemented as soon as practicable in order to maintain the proposed Elk Creek Project schedule. 

While
 not necessarily complex, the timing generally required to complete permitting through
 any federal regulatory agency requires that NioCorp engage key agencies (in this case
 the USACE and possibly the EPA) early on in Elk Creek Project development and consider
 the siting and orientation of facilities carefully to minimize the risk of a protracted
 National Environmental Policy Act analysis of the Elk Creek Project. At the present time,
 the company believes that we have completed the major federal permitting actions needed
 for project construction, although changes to the design or location of project facilities
 may require that additional federal permits be obtained. 

Construction
 at the facility requires the Air Permit from the State of Nebraska, which was issued
 to the Company on June 2, 2020. The Air Permit describes all the prospective air emissions
 from the facility and required the completion of an air quality model that demonstrates
 compliance with the NAAQS. On April 15, 2022, the Company announced that the Nebraska
 Department of Environment and Energy advised the Company that periodic extensions to
 the Elk Creek Project s Air Permit are no longer required because the Company has
 met the regulatory definition of construction, reconstruction, or modification
 of the source since the permit was issued. 

A
 radioactive materials license will be needed from the Nebraska Department of Health and
 Human Services NDHHS ), Office of Radiological Health. Because of their
 limited experience with hard rock mining in the State of Nebraska, much less mining that
 includes Naturally Occurring Radioactive Material, the NDHHS may require additional information
 and more time to approve the Elk Creek Project under a Broad Scope License. The Company
 has been working with NDHHS on this aspect of project permitting since 2014. 

Documentation
 of existing baseline environmental conditions at the Elk Creek Project site was initiated
 in 2014 and will continue as needed throughout the permitting process. 

Surface
 water monitoring will continue throughout the permitting process and extend into construction
 and operations as part of the Environmental Management System and likely State of Nebraska
 permit requirements. 

41 

A
 wetland delineation and potential jurisdictional waters assessment was conducted in late
 2014 to identify wetland and drainage features within the proposed Elk Creek Project
 boundary which resulted in a formal JD being issued by the USACE on September 6, 2016. 

The
 major land-use authorization for the project was received from Johnson County, Nebraska,
 on December 24, 2019, in the form of a Special Use Permit for the project. This land-use
 permit is a necessary precursor to any project-related construction activities. County
 zoning permits will be required for individual buildings constructed at the site, and
 the County requirement is that such applications must be submitted five days before construction
 commences. 

Closure
 costs for the Elk Creek Project have been estimated at just over 44 million, including
 approximately 13.5 million for reclamation and closure of the TSFs and 16.6 million
 for plant and building removal and reclamation. 

Community
 engagement has occurred in parallel with Nebraska field operations and has included public
 meetings, presentations to public agencies, communications with local and state politicians,
 meetings with environmental groups, and one-on-one meetings with area landowners. 

Other
Elk Creek Project Activities 

On
September 6, 2022, the Company announced that the Demonstration Plant had commenced processing a three-tonne sample of representative
ore from the Elk Creek Project. The Demonstration Plant project is intended to demonstrate that the Company can extract and separate
rare earth elements from ore that NioCorp expects to mine from the Elk Creek Project site, subject to receipt of necessary project
financing, and that its simplified process for potentially producing niobium, scandium, and titanium is technically and economically
feasible. 

On
October 25, 2022, the Company announced that the Demonstration Plant had completed demonstrating its planned process for removing
calcium and magnesium from ore obtained from the Elk Creek Project. This positive result is a key milestone in NioCorp s
proposed optimization of its process flow sheet for the Elk Creek Project, which was designed by L3 and NioCorp. Removing carbonate
minerals in this fashion is expected to reduce the size of the follow-on planned production steps and make them more efficient.
Characterization of the calcium and magnesium carbonate from the completed Demonstration Plant production runs has demonstrated
very low levels of impurities, and an overall 99 purity of the mixed calcium-magnesium carbonate. 

On
January 4, 2023, the Company announced that the Demonstration Plant has succeeded in obtaining a rare earth dissolution rate of
86-95 from ore from the Elk Creek Project site through hydrochloric acid leaching and has achieved a loading rate of rare earths
as high as 99 in the follow-on solvent extraction recovery step. These relatively high rates, which were expected, point to potentially
strong rates of overall recovery of separated rare earth oxides, subject to additional demonstration testing. 

On
February 6, 2023, the Company announced that overall recoveries for praseodymium oxide, neodymium oxide, terbium oxide, and dysprosium
oxide are likely to be greater than 92 and meet commercial purity specifications for magnetic rare earth oxides. These results
are in line with bench- and pilot-scale testing of L3 s rare earth recovery system, as well as hydrometallurgical performance
models that have been run on the rare earth recovery process upon which the Demonstration Plant is based. 

On
February 20, 2023, the Company announced that it had executed a contract with Zachry Group Zachry to develop a
cost for the surface facilities associated with the Elk Creek Project. The contract represents the first phase of EPC contracting
for the Elk Creek Project. NioCorp had previously selected Zachry as its EPC firm for the Elk Creek Project s surface facilities. 

On
April 4, 2023, the Company announced a process breakthrough in niobium and titanium recovery achieved at the Demonstration Plant.
The breakthrough points to a potentially more efficient way to process niobium and titanium into higher-purity products, which
may in turn open up new markets for the Elk Creek Project s planned products. 

On
May 25, 2023, the Company announced that it has successfully demonstrated the ability to recover greater amounts of the critical
mineral niobium from each tonne of ore the Company expects to mine at the Elk Creek Project, 

42 

once sufficient financing is obtained
and the project is constructed. Final results from the demonstration show that NioCorp s new and improved recovery process
can achieve a 90.7 rate of niobium recovery through the hydrometallurgical process. Overall recovery through the pyrometallurgical
production of the commercial product ferroniobium is expected to be 86.7 . NioCorp s previous approach to niobium production
was able to achieve recovery rates through the hydrometallurgical and pyrometallurgical processes of 86.8 and 82.4 , respectively. 

On
May 26, 2023, the Company announced that it has successfully demonstrated an ability to potentially double the recovery of titanium
from each tonne of ore the Company expects to mine at the Elk Creek Project. The new process is expected to produce a purer form
of titanium that may command a higher price than is assumed in the 2022 Elk Creek Feasibility Study. The Demonstration Plant has
shown that the Company s new and improved recovery process can likely achieve an 83.7 rate of overall titanium recovery
to final product. This compares to a 40.3 titanium recovery rate in NioCorp s previous process approach. This new result
points to a potentially large increase in the amount of titanium that NioCorp can potentially produce at currently planned rates
of mining. 

Based
on results of the Company s Demonstration Plant, a higher value titanium tetrachloride product can be produced with a substantially
higher metallurgical recovery than TiO 2 . The Company is in the process of completing feasibility level cost estimates
to replace the previous TiO 2 production equipment with new equipment that would produce titanium tetrachloride. 

On
June 1, 2023, the Company announced the successful completion of a geotechnical drilling campaign at the Elk Creek Project, which
was done in advance of the proposed site preparation, grading, heavy construction, and eventual foundation pours for the Elk Creek
Project that are expected to commence once sufficient financing is obtained. The campaign involved drilling 16 boreholes and 20
test pits across the one square mile Elk Creek Project site, analyzing soil samples, and generating data for engineering design
firms that are continuing to finalize plans for the potential construction of the facility. The campaign also involved the installation
of 6 shallow groundwater piezometers to monitor water levels in the soil layer, which will also aid in construction planning. 

Proposed
Activities 

At
present, the Company is maintaining the Elk Creek property in anticipation of obtaining project financing that will facilitate
the construction, commissioning, and operation of the Elk Creek Project. The property is characterized as a development stage
property and is expected to move to a production stage property should financing be obtained. 

As
funds become available through the Company s fundraising efforts, we expect to undertake the following activities: 

Continuation
 of the Company s efforts to secure federal, state and local operating permits; 

Continued
 evaluation of the potential to produce rare earth products and sell such products under offtake agreements; 

Negotiation
 and completion of offtake agreements for the remaining uncommitted production of Nb, Sc, and Ti from the project, including
 the potential sale of Ti as titanium tetrachloride; 

Negotiation
 and completion of engineering, procurement, and construction agreements; 

Completion
 of the final detailed engineering for the underground portion of the Elk Creek Project; 

Initiation
 and completion of the final detailed engineering for surface project facilities; 

Construction
 of natural gas and electrical infrastructure under existing agreements to serve the Elk Creek Project site; 

Completion
 of water supply agreements and related infrastructure to deliver fresh water to the project site; 

Initiation
 of revised mine groundwater investigation and control activities; 

Initiation of long-lead
 equipment procurement activities; and 

As a follow-on to
 the Company s Demonstration Plant operations, complete characterization and testing of waste materials to support tailings
 impoundment and paste backfill plant designs. 

43 

Non-GAAP
Financial Performance Measures 

Non-GAAP
financial performance measures are intended to provide additional information only and do not have any standard meaning prescribed
by U.S. GAAP. These measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for performance measures prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. 

The
S-K 1300 Elk Creek Technical Report Summary uses non-GAAP financial performance measures, such as EBITDA, Averaged Annual EBITDA,
and Averaged EBITDA Margin, for purposes of projecting the economic results of the Elk Creek Project. We are unable to provide
a reconciliation of these forward-looking non-GAAP measures to the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial performance measures because
certain information needed to reconcile those non-GAAP measures to the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial performance measures
is dependent on future events, some of which are outside the control of the Company, such as FeNb, Sc 2 O 3, 
and TiO 2 prices, interest rates, and exchange rates. Moreover, estimating such U.S. GAAP measures with the required
precision necessary to provide a meaningful reconciliation is extremely difficult and could not be accomplished without unreasonable
effort. 

Corporate
Headquarters 

We
lease our principal executive office space at 7000 South Yosemite Street, Suite 115, Centennial, Colorado. 

ITEM
 3. LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 

As
of October 6, 2023, we are not a party to any legal proceedings that could have a material adverse effect on the Company s
business, financial condition, or operating results. Further, to the Company s knowledge, no such proceedings have been
threatened against the Company. 

ITEM
 4. MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Pursuant
to Section 1503(a) of the United States Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank
Act ), issuers that are operators, or that have a subsidiary that is an operator, of a coal or other mine in the U.S. are
required to disclose specified information about mine health and safety in their periodic reports. These reporting requirements
are based on the safety and health requirements applicable to mines under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the
 Mine Act which is administered by the U.S. Department of Labor s Mine Safety and Health Administration MSHA ).
During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Company and its subsidiaries and their properties or operations were not subject
to regulation by MSHA under the Mine Act and thus no disclosure is required under Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Act. 

PART
II 

ITEM
 5. MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES
 OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

The
Common Shares were first listed and posted for trading on the Vancouver Stock Exchange on December 1, 1987. On March 9, 2015,
the Common Shares commenced trading on the TSX under the trading symbol NB. In addition, the Company traded on the
U.S. Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board and the OTCQX under the symbol NIOBF until March 21, 2023, at which time the
Common Shares began trading on the Nasdaq exchange under the trading symbol NB . The Company also trades on the Frankfurt
Stock Exchange as BR3. 

The
over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices without retail mark-up, mark-down, or commission and may not reflect
actual transactions. 

Holders 

As
of October 6, 2023, we had 20,941 holders of record of the Common Shares. 

44 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on the Common Shares since our inception and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the
foreseeable future. We plan to retain our earnings, if any, to provide funds for the expansion of our business. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

See
Equity Compensation Plan Information under Item 12. , Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters , for information on plans approved by our shareholders. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Company 

We
did not make any repurchases in the quarter ended June 30, 2023. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Date 
 Gross
 Proceeds 
 Shares
 Issued 
 Price/Share 
 
 May
 30, 2023 (1) 
 362,192 
 78,745 
 4.5995 
 
 June
 1, 2023 (1) 
 302,164 
 64,758 
 4.6660 
 
 June
 9, 2023 (2) 
 488,080 
 100,000 
 4.8808 
 
 June
 12, 2023 (1) 
 275,479 
 60,446 
 4.5574 
 
 June
 13, 2023 (1) 
 502,089 
 110,939 
 4.5258 
 
 June
 20, 2023 (1) 
 514,144 
 112,782 
 4.5587 
 
 June
 21, 2023 (1) 
 751,952 
 163,870 
 4.5887 
 
 June
 30, 2023 (1) 
 516,644 
 114,471 
 4.5133 

(1) 
 Issued
 in reliance on Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, in connection with the voluntary conversion of a portion of the amount
 outstanding under the Convertible Debentures and based upon representations and warranties of Yorkville in connection therewith. 
 
 (2) 
 Issued
 in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act in connection with the closing of an advance under the Yorkville Equity
 Facility Financing Agreement and based upon representations and warranties of Yorkville in connection therewith. 

Exchange
Controls 

There
are no governmental laws, decrees, or regulations in Canada that restrict the export or import of capital, including foreign exchange
controls, or that affect the remittance of dividends, interest or other payments to non-resident holders of the securities of
NioCorp, other than Canadian withholding tax. See Certain Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations for U.S. Residents 
below. 

Certain
Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations for U.S. Residents 

The
following generally summarizes certain Canadian federal income tax consequences generally applicable under the Income Tax Act
(Canada) and the regulations enacted thereunder (collectively, the Canadian Tax Act and the Canada-United States
Tax Convention (1980) (the Convention to the holding and disposition of Common Shares. 

Comment
is restricted to holders of Common Shares each of whom, at all material times for the purposes of the Canadian Tax Act and the
Convention, (i) is resident solely in the U.S. for tax purposes, (ii) is a qualifying person under and entitled
to the benefits of the Convention, (iii) holds all Common Shares as capital property, (iv) holds no Common Shares that are taxable
Canadian property (as defined in the Canadian Tax Act) of the holder, (v) deals at arm s-length with and is not affiliated
with NioCorp, (vi) does not and is not deemed to use or hold any Common Shares in a business carried on in Canada, (vii) is not
an insurer that carries on business in Canada and elsewhere, and (viii) is not an authorized foreign bank (as defined
in the Canadian Tax Act)(each such holder, a U.S. Resident Holder ). 

45 

Certain
U.S.-resident entities that are fiscally transparent for U.S. federal income tax purposes (including limited liability companies)
may not in all circumstances be entitled to the benefits of the Convention. Members of or holders of an interest in such an entity
that holds Common Shares should consult their own tax advisers regarding the extent, if any, to which the benefits of the Convention
will apply to the entity in respect of its Common Shares. 

Generally,
a U.S. Resident Holder s Common Shares will be considered to be capital property of such holder provided that the U.S. Resident
Holder is not a trader or dealer in securities, did not acquire, hold, or dispose of the Common Shares in one or more transactions
considered to be an adventure or concern in the nature of trade (i.e. speculation), and does not hold the Common Shares in the
course of carrying on a business. 

This
summary is based on the current provisions of the Canadian Tax Act and the Convention in effect as of the date prior to the date
hereof, all specific proposals to amend the Canadian Tax Act and Convention publicly announced by or on behalf of the Minister
of Finance (Canada) prior to the date hereof, and the current published administrative policies and assessing practices of the
Canada Revenue Agency (the CRA ). It is assumed that all such amendments will be enacted as currently proposed, and
that there will be no other material change to any applicable law or administrative policy or assessing practice, whether by way
of judicial, legislative or governmental decision or action, although no assurance can be given in these respects. This summary
is not exhaustive of all possible Canadian federal income tax considerations. Except as otherwise expressly provided, this summary
does not take into account any provincial, territorial, or foreign tax considerations, which may differ materially from those
set out herein. 

This
summary is of a general nature only, is not exhaustive of all possible Canadian federal income tax considerations and is not intended
to be and should not be construed as legal or tax advice to any particular U.S. Resident Holder. U.S. Resident Holders are urged
to consult their own tax advisers for advice with respect to their particular circumstances. The discussion below is qualified
accordingly. 

Generally,
a U.S. Resident Holder s Common Shares will not constitute taxable Canadian property of such holder at a particular
time at which the Common Shares are listed on a designated stock exchange (which currently includes the TSX and
Nasdaq) unless both of the following conditions are concurrently met: 

1. at
 any time during the 60-month period that ends at the particular time, 25 or more of
 the issued shares of any class of the capital stock of NioCorp were owned by or belonged
 to one or any combination of: 

a. the
 U.S. Resident Holder, 

b. persons
 with whom the U.S. Resident Holder did not deal at arm s length, and 

c. partnerships
 in which the U.S. Resident Holder or a person referred to in clause (b) holds a membership
 interest directly or indirectly through one or more partnerships, and 

2. at
 any time during the 60-month period that ends at the particular time, more than 50 of
 the fair market value of the Common Shares was derived directly or indirectly from, one
 or any combination of, real or immovable property situated in Canada, Canadian
 resource properties (as defined in the Canadian Tax Act), timber resource
 properties (as defined in the Canadian Tax Act), or options in respect of, or
 interests in any of the foregoing, whether or not the property exists. 

Common
Shares may also be deemed to be taxable Canadian property in certain circumstances set out in the Canadian Tax Act. 

A
U.S. Resident Holder who disposes or is deemed to dispose of one or more Common Shares generally should not thereby incur any
liability for Canadian federal income tax in respect of any capital gain arising as a consequence of the disposition. 

A
U.S. Resident Holder to whom NioCorp pays or credits or is deemed to pay or credit a dividend on such holder s Common Shares
will be subject to Canadian withholding tax, and NioCorp will be required to withhold the tax from the dividend and remit it to
the CRA for the holder s account. The rate of withholding tax under the Canadian Tax Act is 25 of the gross amount of the
dividend, but should generally be reduced under the Convention to 15 (or, if the U.S. Resident Holder is a company which is the
beneficial owner of at least 10 of the voting stock of NioCorp, 5 of the gross amount of the dividend. For this purpose, a
company that is a resident of the United States for purposes of the Canadian Tax Act and the Convention and is entitled to the
benefits of the Convention shall be 

46 

considered to own the voting stock of NioCorp owned by an entity that is considered fiscally
transparent under the laws of the United States and that is not a resident of Canada, in proportion to such company s ownership
interest in that entity. 

ITEM
 6. RESERVED 

ITEM
 7. MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following Management s Discussion and Analysis MD A provides information that management believes is
relevant to an assessment and understanding of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of NioCorp and subsidiaries.
This item should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

See
Item 1, Business Recent Corporate Events , for a description of the Transactions. 

Summary
of Consolidated Financial and Operating Performance 

The
Company had no revenues from mining operations during the fiscal years presented below. Operating expenses incurred related primarily
to performing exploration and feasibility study related activities, as well as the activities necessary to support corporate and
shareholder duties. 

For
 the year ended June 30, 

2023 
 
 2022 

2021 

000) 

Operating expenses 

37,410 

7,796 

4,092 

Net loss attributable
 to the Company 

40,080 

10,887 

4,824 

Net loss per
 share (basic and diluted) 

1.34 

0.41 

0.20 

The net loss attributable
to the Company increased to 40.1 million for fiscal year 2023 from 10.9 million for fiscal year 2022. This increased net loss
in fiscal year 2023 as compared to fiscal year 2022 is primarily due to the recognition of Earnout Shares and warrant liabilities
associated with the GXII Transaction as well as an increase in legal and other professional fees. 

The net loss attributable to the Company increased to 10.9 million for fiscal year 2022 from 4.8 million
for fiscal year 2021. This increased net loss in fiscal year 2022 as compared to fiscal year 2021 is primarily due to increased
exploration expenditures associated with process development costs and rare earth review costs, as well increased non-cash costs
of our fiscal year 2022 Option grants, which were fully vested and expensed on the grant dates, and increased loss on partial debt
extinguishment from debt conversions reported as interest expense. 

Results
of Operations 

The
Company had no revenues from mining operations during the fiscal years presented below. Operating expenses incurred related primarily
to costs incurred in connection with the Transactions, as well as performing exploration and feasibility study related activities,
and the activities necessary to support corporate and shareholder duties, as detailed in the following table. 

47 

For the year ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 2021 

000) 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Employee related costs 
 2,323 
 2,150 
 1,655 
 
 Professional fees 
 2,581 
 684 
 386 
 
 Exploration expenditures 
 5,348 
 3,309 
 1,056 
 
 Other operating expenses 
 27,158 
 1,653 
 995 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 37,410 
 7,796 
 4,092 
 
 Change in fair value of earnout shares liability 
 (2,674 
 - 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 1,414 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loss on debt extinguishment 
 1,922 
 - 
 163 
 
 Interest expense 
 2,336 
 2,827 
 1,543 
 
 Foreign exchange loss (gain) 
 216 
 258 
 (725 
 
 Other gains 
 (13 
 - 
 (208 
 
 Change in financial instrument fair value 
 - 
 - 
 (32 
 
 Loss (gain) on equity securities 
 1 
 6 
 (9 
 
 Income tax benefit 
 (304 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 (228 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss attributable to the Company 
 40,080 
 10,887 
 4,824 

Fiscal
Year 2023 as Compared to Fiscal Year 2022 

Significant
items affecting operating expenses are noted below: 

Other
operating expenses include costs incurred in connection with the Transactions, including direct transaction expenses, and
the fair value of warrant and Earnout Shares liabilities assumed, as well as costs related to investor relations, general office
expenditures, equity offering and proxy expenditures, board-related expenditures, and other miscellaneous costs. These costs increased
in fiscal year 2023 as compared to fiscal year 2022 primarily due to the costs incurred in connection with the Transactions, which
closed on March 17, 2023. A summary of these costs is presented below: 

Amount 

000) 

Gross
 cash proceeds, net of transaction costs incurred by GXII 

2,168 

Less: 

Cash costs associated
 with the Transactions: 

Net
 liabilities assumed 

392 

Yorkville
 Equity Facility Financing Agreement cash costs 

1,996 

Transaction
 costs expensed 

6,715 

Non-cash
 costs associated with the Transactions: 

Private
 Warrants assumed at fair value 

2,987 

Earnout
 Shares assumed at fair value 

13,195 

Yorkville
 Equity Facility Financing Agreement shares issued 

650 

Total
 transaction related losses incurred 

23,767 

In
addition, other operating expenses increased due to increased directors and officers insurance premiums associated with our US
stock exchange listing, as well as increased financial and investor relation services performed during 2023. 

Exploration
expenditures increased in fiscal year 2023 as compared to fiscal year 2022, reflecting work performed in fiscal year 2023
to complete the development of the Demonstration Plant and the subsequent operation of the Demonstration Plant to verify process
improvement efforts and advance the technical and economic analyses on the potential addition of magnetic rare earth oxides to
NioCorp s planned product suite. In addition, 2023 costs increased due to costs related to the completion and filing of
the Technical Report Summary 

48 

based on the Company s 2022 Feasibility Study for the Elk Creek Project, which was filed with
the SEC on September 6, 2022. 

Professional
fees increased in fiscal year 2023 as compared to fiscal year 2022, primarily due to additional accounting
and legal services related to our March 31, 2023 Form 10-Q SEC filings, as well as legal costs associated with corporate funding
initiatives. 

Employee
related costs for fiscal year 2023 increased as compared to fiscal year 2022 primarily due to the impact of discretionary
bonus payouts totaling 0.2 million, partially offset by the impact of lower employee headcount at the end of fiscal year 2023
as compared to fiscal year 2022. 

Other
significant items impacting the change in the Company s net loss are noted below: 

Change
in fair value of Earnout Shares liability represents the change in fair value related to the Earnout Shares between the Closing Date and the end
of fiscal year 2023, based on the results of Monte Carlo financial modeling. 

Change
in fair value of warrant liability represents the change in fair value related to the additional Warrants (the Contingent
Consent Warrants that the Company agreed to issue to Lind Global Asset Management III, LLC Lind upon certain
conditions in connection with the Waiver and Consent Agreement, dated September 25, 2022, between the Company and Lind (the Lind
Consent ), as discussed in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 hereof, as well as
the change in the fair value of the Private Warrants based primarily on the impacts of a lower closing Common Share price, which
increases the probability of these Contingent Consent Warrants being issued under the Lind Consent terms. 

Loss
on debt extinguishment represents the loss incurred under Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 470,
Debt, related to the convertible security issued to Lind (the Lind III Convertible Security with a face value of
 11.7 million (representing 10.0 million in funding plus an implied 8.5 interest rate per annum for the term of the Lind III
Convertible Security) pursuant to the Convertible Security Funding Agreement, dated February 16, 2021, as amended by Amendment
#1 to the Convertible Security Funding Agreement, dated December 2, 2021, between the Company and Lind (as amended, the Lind
III Agreement ), as discussed in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 hereof. 

Interest
expense decreased in fiscal year 2023 as compared to fiscal year 2022 due to the impacts of conversions on the outstanding
balance of the Lind III Convertible Security during fiscal year 2022, as well as the impact of debt extinguishment accounting
as discussed in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 hereof, partially offset by Convertible
Debenture interest expense incurred in fiscal year 2023. 

Loss
attributable to noncontrolling interest represents the portion of net loss in ECRC attributable to the Vested Shares, which
are not owned by the Company. 

Fiscal
Year 2022 as Compared to Fiscal Year 2021 

Significant
items affecting operating expenses are noted below: 

Employee
related costs for fiscal year 2022 increased as compared to fiscal year 2021 primarily due to increased share-based compensation
costs which primarily reflected the impact of increased Common Share values on the fair value calculations in the Black-Scholes
model, as well as the number of Options granted. 

Professional
fees increased in fiscal year 2022 as compared to fiscal year 2021, primarily due to additional legal services
related to SEC filings, including our shelf registration statement on Form S-3 filed in November 2021. 

49 

Exploration
expenditures increased in fiscal year 2022 as compared to fiscal year 2021 reflecting work performed in fiscal year 2022 to
advance the development of a demonstration-scale test plant to verify process improvement efforts as well as to potentially incorporate
REEs into our planned production. Fiscal year 2021 expenditures primarily related to the ongoing personnel costs, as well as ongoing
engineering and metallurgical projects and project advancement activities. 

Other
operating expenses include investor relations, general office expenditures, equity offering and proxy expenditures, board-related
expenditures, and other miscellaneous costs. These costs increased in fiscal year 2022 as compared to fiscal year 2021 primarily
due to increased financial advisory fees and investor relations fees associated with our ongoing financing efforts. In addition,
share-based compensation for directors and other advisors increased in fiscal year 2022 as compared to fiscal year 2021 due to
increased share-based compensation costs, which primarily reflected the impact of increased Common Share values in the Black Scholes
model. Options issued in both periods were fully vested upon issuance and expensed on the grant date. 

Other
significant items impacting the change in the Company s net loss are noted below: 

Other
income for fiscal year 2021 represents the one-time forgiveness of the Company s U.S. Small Business Administration
Loan, which occurred on November 18, 2020. 

Loss
on extinguishment for fiscal year 2021 represents the one-time loss incurred in connection with the December 18, 2020, conversion
of a convertible note in the principal amount of approximately 1.9 million issued by the Company to Nordmin pursuant to a convertible
note and warrant subscription agreement, dated as of December 18, 2020, between NioCorp and Nordmin (the Nordmin Note ). 

Foreign
exchange (gain) loss is primarily due to changes in the U.S. dollar against the Canadian dollar rate as applied to U.S. dollar-denominated
debt instruments, which are carried on the Canadian parent company books, and the fiscal year 2022 loss reflected the impacts
of a strengthened U.S. dollar to Canadian dollar, whereas the fiscal year 2021 gain primarily reflects the impact of a weakened
U.S. dollar. 

Interest
expense increased in fiscal year 2022 as compared to fiscal year 2021 primarily due to the accretion of the Nordmin Note,
which was issued in December 2020, as well as accretion of the Lind Convertible Security, which was issued in February 2021. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We
have no revenue generating operations from which we can internally generate funds. To date, our ongoing operations have been financed
by the sale of our equity securities by way of private placements, convertible securities issuances, the exercise of incentive
Options and Warrants, and related party loans. With respect to currently outstanding Options and Warrants, we believe that exercise
of these instruments, and cash proceeds from such exercises, will not occur unless and until the market price for our Common Shares
equals or exceeds the related exercise price of each instrument. 

In
connection with the Closing of the Transactions, the Company received net cash proceeds of 8.3 million, as follows: 

Description 
 
 Amount 

000) 
 
 Net
 cash received from GXII trust account, after payment of direct and incremental transaction costs incurred by GXII 

2,168 
 
 Net
 proceeds from the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing Agreement 

14,857 
 
 Net
 cash costs incurred in connection with Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement 

(1,996) 
 
 NioCorp
 direct and incremental transaction costs 

(6,715) 
 
 Net
 proceeds from Transactions 

8,314 

50 

The
Transactions delivered to NioCorp several important benefits, including a ready pathway to an up-listing to the Nasdaq, which
is expected to allow additional institutional firms to invest in the Company for the first time. Further, we believe it has given
NioCorp and the Elk Creek Project a much higher profile among institutional investors evaluating projects in the critical materials
space. 

The
Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing has provided, and the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing is expected to provide, near-term
and longer-term access to capital. The ability of the Company to draw down on the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement,
at its discretion, is subject to certain limitations and the satisfaction of certain conditions. When available, the Yorkville
Equity Facility Financing Agreement provides an opportunity to actively manage the cash needs of the Company more closely. Historically,
cash has generally been available to the Company through private placements of equity for which the timing did not always coincide
with the Company s cash needs. The Company may utilize the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement to potentially
generate funds at a time when they are in need. Alternatively, the Company can also utilize the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing
Agreement for opportunistic share sales. 

As
of June 30, 2023, the Company had cash of 2.3 million and working capital of 0.2 million, compared to cash of 5.3 million and
working capital of 0.6 million on June 30, 2022. On September 1, 2023, the Company closed a non-brokered private placement (the
 September 2023 Private Placement of units of the Company (the September 2023 Units ). A total of 250,000
September 2023 Units were issued at a price per September 2023 Unit of 4.00, for total gross proceeds to the Company of 1.0 million. Each September
2023 Unit consists of one Common Share and one Common Share purchase warrant September 2023 Warrant ). Each September
2023 Warrant entitles the holder to acquire one Common Share at a price of 4.60 at any time prior to September 1, 2025. In addition,
On September 12 and September 15, 2023, the Company issued 70,000 and 75,000 Common Shares, respectively, under the Yorkville
Equity Facility Financing Agreement in exchange for 0.5 million in gross cash proceeds. NioCorp intends to use the net proceeds
from these September financing transactions for working capital and general corporate purposes, including to advance its efforts
to launch construction of the Elk Creek Project and move it to commercial operation. 

We
expect that the Company will operate at a loss for the foreseeable future. The Company s current planned cash needs are
approximately 11.8 million until June 30, 2024. 

In
addition to outstanding accounts payable and short-term liabilities, our average monthly planned expenditures through June 30,
2024 are expected to be approximately 685,000 per month where approximately 390,000 is for corporate overhead and estimated
costs related to securing financing necessary for advancement of the Elk Creek Project. Approximately 295,000 per month is planned
for expenditures relating to the advancement of the Elk Creek Project by NioCorp s majority owned subsidiary, ECRC. The
Company s ability to continue operations and fund our current work plan is dependent on management s ability to secure
additional financing. 

The
Company anticipates that it does not have sufficient cash on hand to continue to fund basic operations for the next twelve months,
and additional funds totaling 8.0 million to 9.0 million, net of funds raised from the September financing transactions discussed
above, are likely to be necessary to continue advancing the project in the areas of financing, permitting, and detailed engineering.
While the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement may provide the Company with access to additional capital, the Company
may require additional capital to meet its cash need. Management is actively pursuing such additional sources of debt and equity
financing, and while it has been successful in doing so in the past, there can be no assurance it will be able to do so in the
future. 

Elk
Creek property and lease commitments are 20,000 through June 30, 2024. To maintain our currently held properties and fund our
currently anticipated general and administrative costs and planned exploration and development activities at the Elk Creek Project
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024, the Company will likely require additional financing during the current fiscal year.
Should such financing not be available in that timeframe, we will be required to reduce our activities and will not be able to
carry out all our presently planned activities at the Elk Creek Project. 

On
June 6, 2023, the Company announced that it had submitted an application to the Export-Import Bank of the United States EXIM for debt financing (the EXIM Financing to fund the project costs for the Elk Creek Project, under EXIM s
 Make More in America initiative. The EXIM Financing is subject to, among other matters, the 

51 

satisfactory completion
of due diligence, the negotiation and settlement of final terms, and the negotiation of definitive documentation. There can be
no assurance that the EXIM Financing will be completed on the terms described herein or at all. 

Except
for potential funding under the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing, discussed above, and the potential exercise of Options and
Warrants, we currently have no further funding commitments or arrangements for additional financing at this time, and there is
no assurance that we will be able to obtain any such additional financing on acceptable terms, if at all. Pursuant to the Exchange
Agreement, NioCorp is restricted from issuing equity or equity-linked securities (other than Common Shares) or any preferred equity
or non-voting equity if such issuance would adversely impact the rights of the holders of the shares of Class B common stock of
ECRC, without the consent of the holders of a majority of the shares of Class B common stock of ECRC. The Yorkville Convertible
Debt Financing Agreement also contains certain covenants that, among other things, limit NioCorp s ability to use the proceeds
from the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing to repay related party debt or to enter into any variable rate transaction, including
issuances of equity or debt securities that are convertible into Common Shares at variable rates and any equity line of credit,
ATM agreement or other continuous offering of Common Shares, other than with Yorkville, subject to certain exceptions. Notwithstanding
the restrictions set forth in the Exchange Agreement and the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing Agreement, there is significant
uncertainty that we would be able to secure any additional financing in the current equity or debt markets. The quantity of funds
to be raised and the terms of any proposed equity or debt financing that may be undertaken will be negotiated by management as
opportunities to raise funds arise. Management may to pursue funding sources of both debt and equity financing, including but
not limited to the issuance of equity securities in the form of Common Shares, Warrants, subscription receipts, or any combination
thereof in units of the Company pursuant to private placements to accredited investors or pursuant to public offerings in the
form of underwritten/brokered offerings, registered direct offerings, or other forms of equity financing and public or private
issuances of debt securities including secured and unsecured convertible debt instruments or secured debt project financing. Management
does not currently know the terms pursuant to which such financings may be completed in the future, but any such financings will
be negotiated at arm s-length. Future financings involving the issuance of equity securities or derivatives thereof will
likely be completed at a discount to the then-current market price of the Company s securities and will likely be dilutive
to current shareholders. In addition, we could raise funds through the sale of interests in our mineral properties, although current
market conditions and other recent worldwide events have substantially reduced the number of potential buyers/acquirers of any
such interests. However, we cannot provide any assurances that we will be able to be successful in raising such funds. 

Based
on the conditions described within, management has concluded and the audit opinion and notes that accompany our consolidated financial statements
for the year ended June 30, 2023, disclose that substantial doubt exists as to our ability to continue in business. The consolidated financial
statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been prepared under the assumption that we will continue as a going
concern. As defined under S-K 1300, we are a development stage issuer, and we have incurred losses since our inception. We may
not have sufficient cash, including option and warrant exercises subsequent to June 30, 2023, to fund normal operations and meet
debt obligations for the next twelve months without deferring payment on certain current liabilities and raising additional funds.
Recent worldwide events have created general global economic uncertainty as well as uncertainty in capital markets, supply chain
disruptions, increased interest rates and inflation, and the potential for geographic recessions. During fiscal year 2023, these
events continued to create uncertainty with respect to overall project funding and timelines. We believe that the going concern
uncertainty cannot be alleviated with confidence until the Company has entered into a business climate where funding of its planned
ongoing operating activities is secured. Therefore, these factors raise substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going
concern. 

We
have no exposure to any asset-backed commercial paper. Other than cash held by our subsidiaries for their immediate operating
needs in Colorado and Nebraska, all of our cash reserves are on deposit with major U.S. and Canadian chartered banks. We do not
believe that the credit, liquidity, or market risks with respect thereto have increased as a result of the current market conditions.
However, in order to achieve greater security for the preservation of our capital, we have, of necessity, been required to accept
lower rates of interest, which has also lowered our potential interest income. 

52 

Operating
Activities 

During
the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company s operating activities consumed 17.3 million of cash (2022: 6.2 million and
2021: 4.7 million). The cash used in operating activities for fiscal year 2023 reflects the Company s funding of losses
of 40.1 million, the net fair value losses related to the Private Warrants and the Earnout Shares liabilities,
share-based compensation, and other non-cash transactions. Overall, operational outflows during fiscal year 2023 increased from
the corresponding period of 2022 due to cash expenses related to the Transactions and an increase in exploration-related spending
at the Elk Creek Project. Overall, fiscal year 2023 operational outflows were higher than fiscal year 2022 due primarily to increased
exploration expenditures. Going forward, the Company s working capital requirements are expected to increase substantially
in connection with the development of the Elk Creek Project. 

Investing
Activities 

The
Company had minimal investing activities during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 14.6 million in fiscal year 2023 (2022: 4.3 million and 2021: 18.1 million). This
increase in financing inflows primarily reflects the timing of cash inflows from the financing transactions disclosed below. 

The
following is a discussion of significant financing transactions for fiscal year 2023: 

On
 February 28, 2023, the non-revolving credit facility agreement, dated January 16, 2017,
 as amended, with Mark Smith, our Chief Executive Officer, President, and Executive Chairman
 (the Smith Credit Agreement was amended to increase the borrowing limit
 to 4.0 million from the previous limit of 3.5 million. The Company subsequently drew
 down 1.13 million under the Smith Credit Agreement. On March 22, 2023, the Company repaid
 Mr. Smith 2.0 million, representing 159,000 of interest and 1.84 million of principal
 borrowed under the Smith Credit Agreement. This repayment was made out of funds transferred
 to the Company from the GXII trust account on the Closing Date. Subsequently, on May
 31, 2023, the Company repaid Mr. Smith 1.31 million, representing 24,000 of interest
 and the remaining principal balance outstanding of 1.29 million. 

In
 connection with the GXII Transaction, on January 26, 2023, NioCorp and Yorkville entered
 into the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing Agreement, which was subsequently amended
 on February 24, 2023. 

Pursuant
to the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing Agreement, at the Closing, Yorkville advanced a total amount of 15.36 million to
NioCorp in consideration of the issuance by NioCorp to Yorkville of (i) 16.0 million aggregate principal amount of Convertible
Debentures and (ii) the Financing Warrants, which are exercisable for up to 1,789,267 Common Shares for cash or, if at any time
there is no effective registration statement registering, or no current prospectus available for, the resale of the underlying
Common Shares, on a cashless basis, at the option of the holder, at a price per Common Share of approximately 8.9422, subject
to adjustment to give effect to any stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or similar transaction. 

Each
Convertible Debenture issued under the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing Agreement is an unsecured obligation of NioCorp, matures
on September 17, 2024, which maturity may be extended for one six-month period in certain circumstances at the option of NioCorp,
and incurs a simple interest rate obligation of 5.0 per annum (which will increase to 15.0 per annum upon the occurrence of
an event of default). The outstanding principal amount of, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, and premium, if any, on the
Convertible Debentures must be paid by NioCorp in cash when the same becomes due and payable under the terms of the Convertible
Debentures at their stated maturity, upon their redemption or otherwise. 

Subject
to certain limitations contained within the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing Agreement and the Convertible Debentures, including
those as described below, holders of the Convertible Debentures will be entitled to convert the principal amount of, and accrued
and unpaid interest, if any, on each Convertible 

53 

Debenture, in whole or in part, from time to time over their term, into a number
of Common Shares equal to the quotient of the principal amount and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, being converted divided
by the Conversion Price. The Conversion Price means, as of any Conversion Date (as defined below) or other date
of determination, the greater of (i) 90 of the average of the daily U.S. dollar volume-weighted average price of the Common Shares
on the principal U.S. market for the Common Shares as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets during the five consecutive trading
days immediately preceding the date on which the holder exercises its conversion right in accordance with the requirements of
the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing Agreement (the Conversion Date or other date of determination, but not
lower than the Floor Price (as defined below), and (ii) the five-day volume-weighted average price of the Common Shares on the
TSX (or on the principal U.S. market if the majority of the trading volume and value of the Common Shares occurred on Nasdaq during
the relevant period) for the five consecutive trading days immediately prior to the Conversion Date or other date of determination
less the maximum applicable discount allowed by the TSX. The Floor Price means a price of 2.1435 per share, which
is equal to the lesser of (a) 30 of the average of the daily volume-weighted average price of the Common Shares on the principal
U.S. market for the Common Shares as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets during the five consecutive trading days immediately
preceding the Debenture Closing and (b) 30 of the average of the volume-weighted average price of the Common Shares on the principal
U.S. market for the Common Shares as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets during the five consecutive trading days immediately
following the Debenture Closing, subject to certain adjustments to give effect to any stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock
split, recapitalization or similar event. 

The
terms of the Convertible Debentures restrict the number of Convertible Debentures that may be converted during each calendar month
by Yorkville at a Conversion Price below a fixed price equal to approximately 8.9422 (i.e., the quotient of 10.00 divided by
1.11829212 (being the number of Common Shares that were exchanged for each share of GXII at the Closing, after giving effect to
the Reverse Stock Split)), subject to adjustment to give effect to any stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, recapitalization
or similar event. The Convertible Debentures are subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. 

The
terms of the Convertible Debentures restrict the conversion of Convertible Debentures by Yorkville if such a conversion would
cause Yorkville to exceed certain beneficial ownership thresholds in NioCorp or such a conversion would cause the aggregate number
of Common Shares issued pursuant to the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing Agreement to exceed the thresholds for issuance of
Common Shares under the rules of the TSX and Nasdaq, unless prior shareholder approval is obtained. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Convertible Debentures, following certain trigger events, and until a subsequent cure event, NioCorp will
be required to redeem 1.125 million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Debentures (the Triggered Principal Amount each month by making cash payments to the Investors, on a pro rata basis, in an amount equal to the Triggered Principal Amount,
plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any, plus a redemption premium of 7 of the Triggered Principal Amount. Such monthly
prepayments under the terms of the Convertible Debentures are triggered (i) at the time when NioCorp has issued 95 of the total
amount of Common Shares pursuant to the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing that it may issue under applicable TSX and Nasdaq
rules or (ii) when NioCorp has delayed or suspended the effectiveness or use of the Convertible Debt Financing Registration Statement
for more than 20 consecutive calendar days, and such monthly prepayment obligations will continue until, with respect to (i) above,
shareholder approval is obtained or, with respect to (ii) above, the Investors may once again resell Common Shares under the Convertible
Debt Financing Registration Statement, respectively. 

In
 connection with the GXII Transaction, on January 26, 2023, the Company and Yorkville
 entered into the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement. 

Pursuant
to the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement, Yorkville has committed to purchase up to 65.0 million of our Common Shares
(the Commitment Amount ), at our direction from time to time for a period commencing upon the Closing Date and ending
on the earliest of (i) the first day of the month next following the 36-month anniversary of the Closing, (ii) the date on which
Yorkville shall have made payment 

54 

of the full Commitment Amount and (iii) the date that the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing
Agreement otherwise terminates in accordance with its terms (the Commitment Period ), subject to certain limitations
and the satisfaction of the conditions in the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Yorkville
Equity Facility Financing Agreement, we issued 81,213 of our Common Shares (the Commitment Shares to Yorkville
as consideration for its irrevocable commitment to purchase Common Shares under the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement.
Yorkville has since resold all of the Commitment Shares. On June 9, 2023, we issued and sold 100,000 Common Shares to Yorkville
under the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement. Additionally, we are required to pay Yorkville an aggregate fee of 1,500,000
in cash (the Cash Fee ), including 500,000 that we paid on the Closing Date and an additional 250,000 we have paid
as of June 30, 2023. We will pay the remaining 750,000 balance in installments over a 12-month period following the Closing Date,
provided that, we will have the right to prepay without penalty all or part of the remaining installments of the Cash Fee at any
time. The Common Shares that may be sold pursuant to the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement would be purchased by Yorkville
at a purchase price equal to 97 of the daily volume-weighted average price of the Common Shares on Nasdaq or such other principal
U.S. market for the Common Shares if the Common Shares are ever listed or traded on the New York Stock Exchange or the NYSE American
as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets (or, if not available, a similar service provider of national recognized standing)
during the applicable pricing period, which is a period during a single trading day or a period of three consecutive trading days,
at the Company s option and subject to certain restrictions, in each case, defined based on when an Advance Notice (as defined
in the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement) is submitted, subject to certain limitations. 

As
of June 30, 2023, 100,000 Common Shares, representing 488,080 in net proceeds, had been issued under the Yorkville Equity Facility
Financing Agreement. 

On
 April 28, 2023, the Company issued and sold 314,465 Common Shares in a registered direct
 offering at a price of 6.36 per share. Net proceeds to the Company from the offering
 were approximately 1.8 million. NioCorp intends to use the net proceeds from the offering
 for working capital and general corporate purposes, including to advance its efforts
 to launch construction of the Elk Creek Project and move it to commercial operation. 

The
following is a discussion of significant financing transactions for fiscal year 2022: 

On
 June 30, 2022, the Company closed a non-brokered private placement (the June 2022
 Private Placement of units (the June 2022 Units of the Company.
 A total of 4,981,035 June 2022 Units were issued at a price per June 2022 Unit of C 0.96,
 for total gross proceeds to the Company of approximately C 4.8 million. Each June 2022
 Unit consists of one Common Share and one common share purchase warrant June
 2022 Warrant ). Each June 2022 Warrant entitles the holder to acquire one Common
 Share at a price of C 1.10 at any time prior to July 1, 2024. Proceeds of the June 2022
 Private Placement will be used for continued advancement of the Company s Elk Creek
 Critical Minerals Project and for working capital and general corporate purposes. The
 Company paid cash commissions of C 62,000 and 65,100 warrants (the Finder Warrants ),
 having the same terms as the June 2022 Warrants, to finders outside of the United States.
 The Finder Warrants were valued at C 18,000 using a risk-free rate of 3.2 , expected
 volatility of 64 and expected life of two years. 

On
 July 23, 2021, the Company repaid 358,000 to Mr. Smith, representing a partial principal
 repayment of 318,000 on the Smith Credit Agreement plus accrued interest. 

Cash
Flow Considerations 

The
Company has historically relied upon debt and equity financings to finance its activities. Subject to the restrictions set forth
in the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing Agreement, the Company may pursue additional debt and/or equity financing in the medium
term; however, there can be no assurance the Company will be able to obtain any required financing in the future on acceptable
terms. 

55 

The
Company has limited financial resources compared to its proposed expenditures, no source of operating income, and no assurance
that additional funding will be available to it for current or future projects, although the Company has been successful in the
past in financing its activities through the sale of equity securities. 

The
ability of the Company to arrange additional financing in the future will depend, in part, on the prevailing capital market conditions,
and its success in developing the Elk Creek Project. Any quoted market for the Common Shares may be subject to market trends generally,
notwithstanding any potential success of the Company in creating revenue, cash flows, or earnings, and any depression of the trading
price of the Common Shares could impact its ability to obtain equity financing on acceptable terms. 

Historically,
the Company has used net proceeds from issuances of Common Shares to provide sufficient funds to meet its near-term exploration
and development plans and other contractual obligations when due. However, development and construction of the Elk Creek Project
will require substantial additional capital resources. This includes near-term funding and, ultimately, funding for Elk Creek
Project construction and other costs. See Liquidity and Capital Resources above, for the Company s
discussion of arrangements related to possible future financings. 

Debt
Covenants 

The
Convertible Debentures contain events of default customary for instruments of their type (with customary grace periods, as applicable)
and provide that, upon the occurrence of an event of default arising from certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency with respect
to NioCorp, all outstanding Convertible Debentures will become due and payable immediately without further action or notice. If
any other type of event of default occurs and is continuing, then any holder may declare all of its Convertible Debentures to
be due and payable immediately. The Company obtained a waiver from Yorkville with respect to any acceleration rights it may have
under the Convertible Debentures in connection with the restatements of the Company s financial statements for the periods
ended September 30, 2022, and December 31, 2022, and the delay in filing the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
the quarterly period ended March 31, 2023. The Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing Agreement also contains certain covenants
that, among other things, limit NioCorp s ability to use the proceeds from the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing to repay
related party debt or to enter into any variable rate transaction other than with Yorkville, subject to certain exceptions. The
Company was in compliance with these covenants as of June 30, 2023. 

Environmental 

Our
mining and exploration activities are subject to various federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of the
environment. We have made, and expect to make in the future, expenditures to comply with such laws and regulations, but cannot
predict the full amount of such future expenditures. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, we had accrued 48,000 and 48,000, respectively,
related to estimated environmental obligations. 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

The
foregoing discussion and analysis, as well as certain information contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, contain
 forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange
Act, and are intended to be covered by the safe harbor created thereby. See the discussion in Forward-Looking Statements 
in Item 1., Business. 

Accounting
Developments 

For
a discussion of Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements, see Note 3 to the consolidated
financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates and Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Our
significant accounting policies are described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. As described in Note 3, we are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts and related
disclosures of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. Our estimates are based on our experience and our interpretation of
economic, political, regulatory, and other factors that affect our 

56 

business prospects. Many of the inputs into our estimation
process are subjective and are subject to uncertainty over time and therefore, actual results may differ significantly from our
estimates. Note 3 also discloses recent accounting pronouncements applicable to the Company. 

We believe that our most critical accounting estimates are related to the carrying value of our long term
assets; accounting for income taxes and the valuation of deferred tax assets; and the valuation of warrants and earnout shares,
as they require us to make assumptions that are highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimates are made and changes in them
are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. Management has discussed the development and selection of these critical
accounting estimates with the Audit Committee of our board of directors, and the Audit Committee has reviewed the disclosures presented
below. In addition, there are other items within our consolidated financial statements that require estimation, but are not deemed to be critical.
However, changes in estimates used in these and other items could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

Carrying
Value of Long-Lived Assets 

The
recoverability of the carrying values of mineral properties is dependent upon economic reserves being discovered or developed
on the properties, permitting, financing, start-up, and commercial production from, or the sale/lease of, or other strategic transactions
related to these properties. Development and/or start-up of a project will depend on, among other things, management s ability
to raise sufficient capital for these purposes. We assess the carrying cost of our mineral properties for impairment whenever
information or circumstances indicate the potential for impairment. Key inputs include events and circumstances such as our inability
to obtain all the necessary permits, changes in the legal status of our mineral properties, government actions, the results of
exploration activities and technical evaluations and changes in economic conditions, including the price of commodities or input
prices. Many of these inputs are subjective and are subject to uncertainty over time. Such evaluations compare estimated future
net cash flows with our carrying costs and future obligations on an undiscounted basis. If it is determined that the estimated
future undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value of the property, an impairment loss will be recorded, measured
by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Where estimates of future net cash
flows are not determinable and where other conditions indicate the potential for impairment, management uses available market
information and/or third-party valuation experts to assess if the carrying value can be recovered and to estimate fair value. 

We
review and evaluate our long-lived assets, other than mineral properties, for impairment when events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is measured and recorded based on the estimated
fair value of the long-lived assets being tested for impairment and their carrying amounts. 

Income
Taxes 

We have assets, hold interests, and conduct activities in the U.S. and Canada and are subject to their
tax regimes. Tax laws are complex and continue to evolve. While we have a history of losses, our assumptions made in tax returns
are subject to review and interpretation by taxing authorities and could be modified. Management
judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities, and any valuation
allowance recorded against our deferred tax assets. We consider factors such as the cumulative income or loss in recent years;
reversal of deferred tax liabilities; projected future taxable income exclusive of temporary differences; the character of the
income tax asset, including income tax positions; tax planning strategies and the period over which we expect the deferred tax
assets to be recovered in the determination of the valuation allowance. In the event that actual results differ from these estimates
or we adjust our estimates in the future, we may need to adjust our valuation allowance, which could materially impact our financial
position and results of operations. 

57 

Earnout
Shares and Private Warrants 

The
fair values of our Earnout Shares liability and Private Warrants liability were determined using various significant unobservable
inputs, including a discount rate and our best estimate of expected volatility and expected holding periods. Changes in the estimated
fair values of these liabilities may have material impacts on our results of operations in any given period, as any increases
in these liabilities have a corresponding negative impact on our U.S. GAAP results of operations. See Note 10 and 11c to our consolidated
financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details. 

Other 

The
Company has one class of shares, being Common Shares. A summary of outstanding shares, share options, warrants, and convertible
debt option as of October 6, 2023, is set out below, on a fully diluted basis. 

Common
 Shares Outstanding 
 (fully
 diluted) 
 
 Common
 Shares 
 32,913,419 
 
 Vested
 Shares 1 
 4,565,808 
 
 Stock
 options 2 
 1,319,000 
 
 Warrants 3 
 19,066,304 
 
 Convertible
 Debt 4 
 2,480,900 

1 Each
 exchangeable into one Common Share at any time, and from time to time, until the tenth
 anniversary of the Closing Date. 

2 Each
 exercisable into one Common Share. 

3 Includes
 15,666,626 NioCorp Assumed Warrants that are each exercisable into 1.11829212 Common
 Shares, and 3,399,678 Warrants that are each exercisable into one Common Share. 

4 Represents
 Common Shares issuable on conversion of Convertible Debentures with an aggregate outstanding
 principal and accrued interest balance of 8.16 million as of October 6, 2023, assuming
 a market price per Common Share of 3.66 on that date. 

58 

ITEM
 7A. QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Interest
rate risk 

The
Company s exposure to changes in market interest rates, relates primarily to the Company s earned interest income
on cash deposits and short-term investments. The Company maintains a balance between the liquidity of cash assets and the interest
rate return thereon. The carrying amount of financial assets, net of any provisions for losses, represents the Company s
maximum exposure to credit risk. 

Foreign
currency exchange risk 

The
company incurs expenditures in both U.S. and Canadian dollars. Canadian dollar expenditures are primarily related to engineering
and metallurgical expenses, as well as certain professional services. As a result, currency exchange fluctuations may impact the
costs of our operating activities. To reduce this risk, we maintain sufficient cash balances in Canadian dollars to fund expected
near-term expenditures. 

Commodity
price risk 

The
Company is exposed to commodity price risk related to the elements associated with the Elk Creek Project. A significant decrease
in the global demand for these elements may have a material adverse effect on our business. The Elk Creek Project is not in production,
and the Company does not currently hold any commodity derivative positions. 

ITEM
 8. FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

59 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Shareholders
and Board of Directors 

 NioCorp
Developments Ltd. 

 Centennial,
Colorado 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NioCorp Developments, Ltd. (the Company as of June
30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, shareholders (deficit) equity
and redeemable noncontrolling interest, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at June 30, 2023 and 2022,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023 , in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Uncertainty 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern.
As discussed in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has an accumulated deficit and suffered recurring
losses without any current revenue generating operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 4. The consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered
with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with
respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether
due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

60 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures
that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex
judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements,
taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical
audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Certain
Financing Transactions 

As
described in Notes 1 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company entered into the following financing transactions
during the year ended June 30, 2023: 

On
 September 25, 2022, the Company and Lind Global Asset Management III, LLC Lind entered into the waiver and consent agreement (the Lind Consent ). As consideration
 for entering into the Lind Consent, Lind received, amongst other things: the right to
 receive a cash payment; and the right to receive additional warrants (the Contingent
 Consent Warrants if certain contingencies are met on the date that is 18 months
 following the closing date. 

On
 January 26, 2023, the Company entered into a definitive agreement with YA II PN, Ltd.,
 an investment fund managed by Yorkville Advisors Global, LP (together with YA II PN,
 Ltd., Yorkville ). Pursuant to the definitive agreement, at the closing,
 Yorkville advanced a total amount of 15.36 million to the Company in consideration for
 16 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured convertible debentures (the Yorkville
 Convertible Debt and common share purchase warrants (the Financing Warrants ).

We
identified the accounting treatment of these transactions and the inputs and valuation model used in estimating the fair value of
the Contingent Consent Warrants as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination were: (i) the evaluation
of the accounting treatment for the Lind Consent as to whether this agreement resulted in a debt modification or extinguishment
based on the analysis of cash flows, (ii) the evaluation of the potential derivatives that may require bifurcation from the Yorkville
Convertible Debt and evaluation of the appropriate accounting treatment, and (iii) the evaluation of the inputs and valuation
model used in estimating the fair value of the Contingent Consent Warrants. Auditing these elements involved especially challenging
auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of 

61 

audit effort required to address these matters, including the extent of specialized
skills or knowledge needed. 

The
primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 

Reviewing
 and analyzing the terms of the agreements associated with each transaction. 

Reviewing
 and analyzing the changes in cash flows for the Lind financing transaction. 

Utilizing
 personnel with specialized knowledge and skills in the relevant technical accounting
 guidance to assist in: (i) evaluating relevant contract terms of the financing transactions
 in relation to the appropriate accounting literature, and (ii) assessing the appropriateness
 of conclusions reached by the Company. 

Utilizing
 personnel with specialized knowledge and skill to assist in analyzing the Company s
 inputs and valuation model used in estimating the fair value for the Contingent Consent
 Warrants. 

GX
Acquisition Corp. II Transaction 

As
discussed in Notes 1, 5, 10, and 11 on March 17, 2023 (the Closing Date ), the Company closed the GXII Transaction
with GX Acquisition Corp. II GXII ), pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, dated September 25, 2022 (the
 Business Combination Agreement ). 

In
connection with the closing, pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, the Company assumed the GXII Warrant Agreement and
each GXII Warrant thereunder that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Closing Date was converted into one Company
assumed warrant. The Company s private warrants are required to be accounted for as a liability and are subject to remeasurement
at each balance sheet date, with a June 30, 2023 value of 3.3 million. 

Certain
shares of Class B common stock of Elk Creek Resource Corporation ECRC (the Earnout Shares are subject
to certain vesting conditions. The Earnout Shares are required to be accounted for as a liability and are subject to remeasurement
at each balance sheet date, with a June 30, 2023 value of 10.5 million. 

We
identified the accounting treatment of the GXII Transaction and the inputs and valuation models used in estimating the fair value
of the private warrants and Earnout Shares included in the GXII Transaction as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations
for our determination were: (i) the evaluation of the accounting treatment for the GXII Transaction, including the accounting
for the private warrants and Earnout Shares, and (ii) the evaluation of the inputs and valuation models used in estimating the
fair value of both the private warrants and Earnout Shares. Auditing these elements involved especially challenging auditor judgment 

62 

due to the nature and extent of audit effort required to address these matters, including the extent of specialized skills or
knowledge needed. 

The
primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 

Reviewing
 and analyzing the terms of the agreements associated with the GXII Transaction. 

Utilizing
 personnel with specialized knowledge and skills in the relevant technical accounting
 guidance to assist in: (i) evaluating relevant contract terms in relation to the appropriate
 accounting literature, and (ii) assessing the appropriateness of conclusions reached
 by the Company. 

Utilizing
 personnel with specialized knowledge and skill to assist in analyzing the Company s
 inputs and valuation models used in estimating the fair value for both the private warrants
 and Earnout Shares. 

/s/
BDO USA, P.C. 

We
have served as the Company's auditor since 2015. 

Spokane,
Washington 

October
6, 2023 

63 

NioCorp Developments Ltd. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except share data) 

As of June 30, 

Note 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Total current assets 

Non-current 

Deposits 

Investment in equity securities 

Right-of-use assets 
 14 

Land and buildings, net 
 6 

Mineral properties 
 7 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES 

Current 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 8 

Related party loan 
 12 
 - 

Convertible debt, current portion 
 9 
 - 

Operating lease liability 
 14 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current 

Convertible debt 
 9 
 
 - 
 
 Warrant liabilities, at fair value 
 9, 11c 
 
 - 
 
 Earnout liability, at fair value 
 10 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liability 
 14 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 3k, 13 

Redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 10 
 
 - 
 
 SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Common stock, 
 par value, unlimited 
 shares authorized; and 
 shares outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 11 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total shareholders (deficit) equity 

Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interest, and shareholders (deficit) equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

64 

NioCorp Developments Ltd. 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Loss 

(expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars,
except share and per share data) 

For the year ended June 30, 

Note 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating expenses 

Employee related costs 

Professional fees 

Exploration expenditures 
 13 

Other operating expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Change in fair value of earnout shares liability 
 10 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 9,11c 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loss on debt extinguishment 
 9 
 
 - 

Interest expense 
 9,12 

Foreign exchange loss (gain) 

Other gains 

- 

Change in financial instrument fair value 
 
 - 
 - 

Loss (gain) on equity securities 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax benefit 
 15 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss 

Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 10 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss attributable to the Company 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive (gain) loss: 

Reporting currency translation 

Total comprehensive loss 

Comprehensive loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest 

- 
 - 
 
 Comprehensive loss attributable to the Company 

Loss per common share, basic and diluted 
 3o 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

65 

NioCorp Developments Ltd. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars) 

For the year ended June 30, 
 
 Note 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss for the period 

Adjustments for: 

Initial valuation of earnout shares liability 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation of earnout shares liability 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Initial valuation of warrant liabilities 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Accretion of convertible debt 

Share-based compensation 

Loss on debt extinguishment 
 
 - 

Change in valuation of warrant liabilities 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Yorkville share issuances 
 
 - 
 - 

Foreign exchange loss (gain) 

Depreciation 

- 
 
 Unrealized loss (gain) on equity securities 

Noncash lease activity 

Other gains 6 
 
 - 

Change in financial instrument fair value 
 - 
 - 

Total 

Change in working capital items: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Acquisition of mineral rights 
 - 
 - 

Acquisition of land and buildings 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of assets 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Issuance of convertible debt, net of costs 
 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of capital stock 

Related party debt draws 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Related party debt repayments 

Loan repayments 
 
 - 

Share issue costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Exchange rate effect on cash and cash equivalents 

Change in cash and cash equivalents during period 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Amounts paid for interest 

Amounts paid for income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non-cash investing and financing transactions: 

Conversion of debt for common shares 

Recognition of operating lease liabilities 
 
 - 

Derecognition of operating lease liabilities 
 - 
 -) 
 
 Accounts payable to note conversion 
 - 
 - 

Value of warrants issued 
 
 - 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

66 

NioCorp Developments Ltd. 

 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders (Deficit) Equity and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest 

(expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except
share data) 

Common Shares Outstanding 
 Common Stock 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 Total 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest 
 
 Balance, June 30, 2020 

- 
 
 Exercise of warrants 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Exercise of options 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Fair value of warrants granted 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Private placement May 2021 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Debt conversions 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Share issuance costs 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Share-based compensation 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Reporting currency presentation 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Loss for the year 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Balance, June 30, 2021 

- 
 
 Exercise of warrants 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Exercise of options 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Fair value of warrants granted 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Private placement June 2022 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Debt conversions 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Share issuance costs 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Share-based compensation 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Reporting currency presentation 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Loss for the year 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Balance, June 30, 2022 

- 
 
 Exercise of options 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Fair value of warrants granted 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Common Shares issued in the GXII Transaction 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Commitment shares issued 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Registered direct offering May 2023 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Shares issued under the Yorkville equity facility 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Debt conversions 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Share issuance costs 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Share-based compensation 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Reporting currency presentation 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Loss for the year 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

67 

NioCorp Developments Ltd. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June 30, 2023 

(expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars,
except share and per share data) 

Elk
 Creek Resources Corp. 
 
 N/A 
 
 by 0896800 
 
 Elk
 Creek Resources Corp. ECRC 

of the Class A common stock by 0896800 
 N/A 

b) Use
 of Estimates 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. The Company regularly
evaluates estimates and assumptions related to the deferred income tax asset valuations, convertible debt valuations, earnout
valuation, warrant liabilities, and share-based compensation. The Company bases its estimates and assumptions on current facts,
historical experience, and various other factors that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which
form the basis for making judgments about the other sources. The actual results experienced by the Company may differ materially
and adversely from the Company s estimates. To the extent there are material differences between estimates and the actual
results, future results of operations will be affected. 

For
both monetary and non-monetary assets and liabilities, translated balances as of March 17, 2023 became the new accounting basis.
The exchange rate on the date of change became the historical rate at which non-monetary assets and liabilities were translated
in subsequent periods. There was no effect on the cumulative translation adjustment on the consolidated basis. Previously recorded
cumulative translation adjustments were not reversed. 

The
functional currency for the Company s Canadian subsidiary, 0896800 BC Ltd., which has no independent operations from its
parent, also changed from the Canadian dollar to the U.S. dollar. The functional currency for Elk Creek Resources Corp. remains
as the U.S. dollar. 

Transactions
in foreign currency 

 Transactions
made in a currency other than the functional currency are remeasured to the functional currency at exchange rates at the dates
of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting date are remeasured to
the functional currency at the exchange rate at that date and non-monetary assets and liabilities are remeasured at historical
rates. Foreign currency translation gains and losses are included in profit or loss. 

Translation
to reporting currency 

 Translation
gains and losses from the application of the U.S. dollar as the reporting currency for all periods prior to March 17, 2023 (when
the Canadian dollar was the functional currency) are included as part of cumulative currency translation adjustment, which is
reported as a component of shareholders equity under accumulated other comprehensive loss. 

For purposes of evaluating the recoverability
of long-lived assets, the recoverability test is performed using undiscounted net cash flows related to the long-lived assets.
If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount
of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount
or fair value less costs to sell. There was no impairment recorded to long-lived assets as of June 30, 2023 or 2022, respectively. 

British Columbia and Santa Clara, California.
As part of its cash management process, the Company regularly monitors the relative credit standing of these institutions. 

as an accrued liability related to
estimated obligations as of June 30, 2023 (2022 - ). 

Future
reclamation and environmental-related expenditures are difficult to estimate in many circumstances due to the early-stage nature
of the Elk Creek Project, the uncertainties associated with defining the nature and extent of environmental disturbance, the application
of laws and regulations by regulatory authorities and changes in reclamation or remediation technology. The Company periodically
reviews accrued liabilities for such reclamation and remediation costs as evidence indicating that the liabilities have potentially
changed becomes available. Changes in estimates are reflected in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss in the period an estimate
is revised. 

Adjust:
 Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

(251) 

- 

- 

Net
 loss available to participating securities 

Net
 loss attributable to Vested Shares 

() 

- 

- 

Net
loss attributed to common shareholders - basic and diluted 

Denominator: 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding basic and diluted 

Loss
 per Common Share outstanding basic and diluted 

The following shares underlying options, warrants, and outstanding convertible debt were antidilutive
due to a net loss in the periods presented and, therefore, were excluded from the dilutive securities computation for the years
ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, as indicated below. 

Warrants 

Convertible
debt 

Total
 potentially dilutive securities 

(1) 

(2) 

years. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 on July 1, 2022, with no material effect on the Company s current financial
position, results of operations or financial statement disclosures. 

Issued
and Not Effective 

 From
time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the FASB that are adopted by the Company as of the specified effective
date. Unless otherwise discussed, management believes that the impact of recently issued standards did not or will not have a
material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements upon adoption. 

Total liabilities 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders deficit 

Total operating expenses 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Loss before income taxes 

28,956 
 
 Net loss 

Net loss attributable to the Company 

Total comprehensive loss 

Comprehensive loss attributable to the Company 

Loss per common share, basic and diluted 

Revision Impacts to the Condensed Consolidated
Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss (unaudited) 

For the Nine Months Ended March 31,
2023 

As
 Previously 
 Reported 

Revision 

 Impacts 

Revised 

Other operating expense 

() 

Total operating expenses 

() 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Loss before income taxes 

() 

35,262 

Net loss 

35,741 

(665) 

35,076 

Net loss attributable to the Company 

() 

Total comprehensive loss 

() 

Comprehensive loss attributable to the Company 

() 

Loss per common share, basic and diluted 

() 

665 

Initial valuation of warrants 

Change in fair value of warrants 

and 2021 - and had an
accumulated deficit of 150,477 as of June 30, 2023. As a development stage issuer, the Company has not yet commenced its
mining operations and accordingly does not generate any revenue. As of June 30, 2023, the Company had cash and cash
equivalents of 
which is not sufficient to fund normal operations for the next twelve months without deferring payment on certain liabilities
or raising additional funds. In addition, the Company will be required to raise additional funds for construction and
commencement of operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going
concern. 

The
Company s ability to continue operations and fund its expenditures, which have historically averaged approximately 
per quarter over the preceding three-year period, is dependent on management s ability to secure additional financing. NioCorp
expects to have access to up to 62,577 in net proceeds from the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing through April 1, 2026, as
discussed in Note 11d. Management is actively pursuing additional sources of financing, and while it has been successful in doing
so in the past, there can be no assurance it will be able to do so in the future. Other than the potential issuance of Common
Shares under the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement, the Company did not have any further funding commitments or arrangements
for additional financing as of June 30, 2023. These consolidated financial statements do not give effect to any adjustments required
to realize the Company s assets and discharge its liabilities in other than the normal course of business and at amounts
different from those reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Recent
worldwide events have created general global economic uncertainty as well as uncertainty in capital markets, supply chain disruptions,
increased interest rates and inflation, and the potential for geographic recessions. We believe this could have an adverse impact
on our ability to obtain financing, development plans, results of operations, financial position, and cash flows during the current
fiscal year. The full extent to which these events and our precautionary measures may continue to impact our business will depend
on future developments, which continue to be highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. 

post-Reverse Stock Split Common Shares in exchange for all of
 the Class A shares of GXII issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Closing, including 83,770 Common Shares issued
 to BTIG, LLC in exchange for Class A shares of GXII that it received as partial payment for advisory services. 

All
of the Class B shares of GXII issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Closing (after giving effect to the surrender of
certain Class B shares of GXII in accordance with the Sponsor Support Agreement, dated September 25, 2022 (the Sponsor
Support Agreement ), among GX Sponsor II LLC (the Sponsor ), GXII, NioCorp and the other persons party thereto)
were converted into shares of Class B common stock of GXII (now known as ECRC) as the surviving entity of the mergers
that occurred on the Closing Date as part of the GXII Transaction. Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, the Sponsor
Support Agreement and the Exchange Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2023 (as amended, supplemented or 

otherwise
modified, the Exchange Agreement ), by and among NioCorp, ECRC and the Sponsor, after the Closing, the shares of
Class B common stock of ECRC are exchangeable into Common Shares on a one-for-one basis, subject to certain equitable adjustments,
under certain conditions. See Note 10 for additional information regarding the Class B common stock of ECRC. 

NioCorp
 assumed GXII s obligations under the agreement (the GXII Warrant Agreement governing the GXII share purchase
 warrants (the GXII Warrants and issued an aggregate of warrants (the NioCorp Assumed Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of Common Shares. See Note 11c for additional information regarding the NioCorp
 Assumed Warrants. 

Less: 

Cash costs associated
 with the Transactions: 

Net
 liabilities assumed 

Yorkville
 Equity Facility Financing Agreement cash costs 

Transaction
 costs expensed 

Non-cash
 costs associated with the Transactions: 

Private
 Warrants assumed at fair value 

Earnout
 Shares assumed at fair value 

Yorkville
 Equity Facility Financing Agreement shares issued 

Total
 transaction related losses incurred 

Former GXII Class
 A Shareholders 1 

Other 2 

Total
 Common Shares Outstanding Upon Completion of Transactions 

30,081,655 

1 

2 

In
connection with the GXII Transaction, the Company also closed the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing and the Yorkville Equity
Facility Financing, as discussed in Notes 9 and 11d. 

Buildings and other 

In
October 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with the State of Nebraska (the State to sell a strip
of Company-owned land totaling in connection with highway improvements to be completed by the
State, for ,
inclusive of estimated fence replacement costs. The Company recorded a gain on
this sale of in other gains in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Common Shares to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of 0859404 BC Ltd. and issued Common Shares as a finder s
fee with respect to the acquisition. The transaction did not meet the definition of a business acquisition, as set forth in ASC
805, Business Combinations, and therefore was accounted for as a purchase of assets. The acquisition price was based
on the market value of the Company s Common Shares on the closing date and total consideration given was C , including
associated deferred tax impacts of C . 

On
April 23, 2021, ECRC formally closed the purchase of two parcels of land and associated buildings and mineral rights in Johnson
County, Nebraska, associated with the Elk Creek Project, pursuant to an Amended and Restated Option to Purchase, dated as of April
29, 2020 (the Option Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Option Agreement, the Owner sold, transferred, conveyed
and assigned all of the rights, privileges, title and interest in and to the real property to ECRC, including any associated mineral
rights. The Option Agreement provided for a purchase price calculated based on the appraised value per acre of the parcels of
land, the mineral rights and the structures erected on the land. The purchase price was approximately , including indirect
costs of . Of this amount, was allocated to land and buildings and the remaining was allocated to mineral properties
as costs related to mineral rights acquisition. 

In
addition to the land and mineral rights currently owned by the Company, the property interests of Elk Creek include eight prepaid
mineral exploration option-to-purchase agreements and include a pre-determined buyout for permanent ownership of the mineral and/or
surface rights. Terms of the agreements require no further significant payments, and the Company may negotiate lease extensions
or elect to purchase the mineral and/or surface rights any time. Agreements that allow for the purchase of mineral rights contain
provisions whereby the landowners would retain a 2 net smelter return. 

Trade payable accruals 

Income taxes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Environmental accruals 

Loan origination fees payable to related party 
 
 - 
 
 Total accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Noncurrent Portion: 

Yorkville convertible debentures 
 
 - 

Lind
III Convertible Security 

On
February 16, 2021, the Company issued to Lind Global Asset Management III, LLC Lind ), an entity managed by The
Lind Partners, the convertible security (the Lind III Convertible Security pursuant to the Convertible Security
Funding Agreement, dated February 16, 2021, as amended by Amendment #1 to the Convertible Security Funding Agreement, dated December
2, 2021, between the Company and Lind (as amended, the Lind III Agreement ). The Lind III Convertible Security had
a face value of (representing 10,000 in funding plus an implied interest rate per annum for the term of the Lind
III Convertible Security). After deducting a commitment fee as set forth in the Lind III Agreement, NioCorp received net
proceeds of from the funding of the Lind III Convertible Security. The Company used a portion of the proceeds from the
funding of the Lind III Convertible Security to purchase a key land parcel associated with the Company s Elk Creek Project,
with the remainder spent for general corporate purposes. 

The
Lind III Convertible Security had a term of (i) 24 months or (ii) 30 calendar days after the date on which the face value of the
Lind III Convertible Security is nil due to such amount having been fully converted and/or fully repaid (including with any applicable
premium) in accordance with the terms of the Lind III Agreement, whichever is earlier. 

On
February 19, 2021, in connection with the funding and issuance of the Lind III Convertible Security, the Company issued 
Common Share purchase warrants, exercisable at a price per Common Share of C , expiring February 19, 2025 (the Lind
III Warrants ), to Lind pursuant to the Lind III Agreement. 

The
Company identified embedded derivatives in the Lind III Convertible Security that were evaluated to be immaterial at both the
closing date and at June 30, 2022. 

The
Company allocated the net proceeds of from the Lind III Convertible Security as follows: 

1,712
 was allocated to Common Stock, representing the fair value of the Lind III Warrants based on the Black Scholes pricing model
 using a risk-free interest rate of , an expected dividend yield of , a volatility of , and an expected life of
 4.0 years. 

was allocated to the convertible debt liability. Transaction costs of ,
 in addition to a commitment fee of ,
 were recognized as a direct deduction from the debt liability, resulting in a net opening balance of 7,765. This balance
 was accreted up to the face value of the Lind III Convertible Security at maturity using the effective interest method
 and recorded as non-cash interest expense in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Fair
 value increase due to debt extinguishment 

- 

Conversions 

() 

() 
 
 Accretion
 expense 

Payment
 at maturity 

() 

- 

Balance,
 end of period 

- 

On
September 25, 2022, the Company and Lind entered into the Waiver and Consent Agreement, dated September 25, 2022, between the
Company and Lind (the Lind Consent ), which included the following principal terms: (i) the consent of Lind to the
GXII Transaction disclosed in Note 5 and Yorkville Financings disclosed below and in Note 11d, including all actions taken by
NioCorp as set out in the Business Combination Agreement to permit the completion of the Transactions; (ii) the consent of Lind
to NioCorp s expected cross-listing to the Nasdaq and the consolidation of the Common Shares in order to meet the minimum
listing requirements thereof; (iii) the waiver of Lind of its participation right for up to 15 of the total offering in the Yorkville
Equity Facility Financing; and (iv) the waiver of Lind of certain restrictive covenants in the Lind III Agreement. 

As consideration for entering into the
Lind Consent, Lind received, amongst other things: (i) the right to receive a payment of 500, which would have been reduced to
 200 if the Transactions had not been consummated on or before April 30, 2023 (collectively, the Consent Payment 
(ii) an extension of its existing participation rights under the Lind III Agreement in future financings of NioCorp for a further
two-year period, subject to certain exceptions as well as an extension of such participation rights beyond the additional two-year
period if Yorkville or any affiliate is a party to any such applicable transaction; and (iii) the right to receive additional Warrants
(the Contingent Consent Warrants if on the date that is 18 months following the Closing Date, the closing trading
price of the Common Shares on the TSX or such other stock exchange on which such shares may then be listed, is less than C 10.00
(on a post-Reverse Stock Split basis), subject to adjustments. The number of Contingent Consent Warrants to be issued, if any,
is based on the Canadian dollar equivalent (based on the then current Canadian to US dollar exchange rate as reported by Bloomberg,
LP) of 5,000 divided by the five-day volume weighted average price of the Common Shares on the date of issuance. Further, the
number of Contingent Consent Warrants issued will be proportionately adjusted based on the percentage of Warrants currently held
by Lind that are exercised, if any, prior to the issuance of any Contingent Consent Warrants. The Lind Consent was signed as an
amendment to the existing Lind III Agreement. 

Management determined that the Lind
Consent should be evaluated using ASC 470, which requires an evaluation of the contract amendment under debt modification guidance.
The Company performed a comparison of the discounted cash flows of the Lind III Convertible Security pursuant to the existing Lind
III Agreement and pursuant to the Lind III Agreement as amended by the Lind Consent and determined that a debt extinguishment loss
of 201 had occurred. Further, ASC 470 requires that the minimum estimated Consent Payment of 200 also be included in the calculation
of the initial loss on debt extinguishment. The Company also evaluated the Contingent Consent Warrant feature included in the Lind
Consent and determined that the Contingent Consent Warrants meet the criteria to be considered separate, freestanding instruments,
should be accounted for as a liability under ASC 480, and should be booked at fair value on the date of the Lind Consent, with
subsequent changes in valuation recorded as a non-operating gain or loss in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive
loss. The following table summarizes the components of the initial loss and final loss on extinguishment: 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

Initial
 fair value of Contingent Consent Warrants 

Initial
 loss on debt extinguishment 

Additional
 Consent Payment booked 1 

Total
 loss on debt extinguishment 

1 

Change
 in valuation 

Valuation
 at June 30, 2023 

The
Contingent Consent Warrants are classified as a Level 3 financial instrument and were valued utilizing a Monte Carlo simulation
pricing model, which calculates multiple potential outcomes for future share prices based on historic volatility of the Common
Shares to determine the probability of issuance at 18 months following the applicable valuation date and to determine the value
of the Contingent Consent Warrants. The following table discloses the primary inputs into the Monte Carlo model at each valuation
date, and the probability of issuance calculated by the model. 

Volatility 

Risk free rate 

Probability of
 issuance 

Loss
on debt extinguishment is presented as a non-operating expense in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive loss. This accounting also resulted in a decrease in the amount of accretion to be recognized over the remaining
life of the Lind III Convertible Security through February 2023. Accretion expenses are disclosed as a part of interest expense,
which is not included as a component of operating costs. 

Yorkville
Convertible Debentures 

In
connection with the GXII Transaction, on January 26, 2023, NioCorp entered into definitive agreements with respect to the Yorkville
Financings, including a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 26, 2023 (as amended the Yorkville Convertible Debt
Financing Agreement ), between the Company and Yorkville, and a Standby Equity Purchase Agreement, dated January 26, 2023
(the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement ), between the Company and Yorkville. 

Pursuant
to the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing Agreement, at the Closing, Yorkville advanced a total amount of 15,360 to NioCorp
in consideration of the issuance by NioCorp to Yorkville of (i) aggregate principal amount of unsecured convertible debentures
(the Convertible Debentures and (ii) Common Share purchase warrants, exercisable for up to Common Shares
for cash or, if at any time there is no effective registration statement registering, or no current prospectus available for,
the resale of the underlying Common Shares, on a cashless basis, at the option of the holder, at a price per Common Share of approximately
 , subject to adjustment to give effect to any stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or similar transaction (the
 Financing Warrants ). 

Each
Convertible Debenture issued under the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing Agreement is an unsecured obligation of NioCorp, has
an term from the Closing Date, which may be extended for one six-month period in certain circumstances at the option
of NioCorp, and incurs a simple interest rate obligation of per annum (which will increase to per annum upon the occurrence
of an event of default). The outstanding principal amount of, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, and premium, if any, on
the Convertible Debentures must be paid by NioCorp in cash when the same becomes due and payable under the terms of the Convertible
Debentures at their stated maturity, upon their redemption or otherwise. 

Subject
to certain limitations contained within the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing Agreement and the Convertible Debentures, including
those as described below, holders of the Convertible Debentures will be entitled to convert the principal amount of, and accrued and
unpaid interest, if any, on each Convertible Debenture, in whole or in part, from time to time over their term, into a number of
Common Shares equal to the quotient of the principal amount and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, being converted divided by the
Conversion Price. The Conversion Price means, as of any Conversion Date (as defined below) or other date of
determination, the greater of (i) 90 of the average of the daily U.S. dollar volume-weighted average price of the Common Shares
on the principal U.S. market for the Common Shares as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets during the five consecutive trading
days immediately preceding the date on which the holder exercises its conversion right in accordance with the requirements of
the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing Agreement (the Conversion Date or other date of determination, but not
lower than the Floor Price (as defined below), and (ii) the five-day volume-weighted average price of the Common 

Shares on the
TSX (or on the principal U.S. market if the majority of the trading volume and value of the Common Shares occurred on Nasdaq during
the relevant period) for the five consecutive trading days immediately prior to the Conversion Date or other date of determination
less the maximum applicable discount allowed by TSX. The Floor Price means a price of 2.1435 per share, which is
equal to the lesser of (a) 30 of the average of the daily volume-weighted average price of the Common Shares on the principal
U.S. market for the Common Shares as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets during the five consecutive trading days immediately
preceding the Debenture Closing and (b) 30 of the average of the volume-weighted average price of the Common Shares on the principal
U.S. market for the Common Shares as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets during the five consecutive trading days immediately
following the Debenture Closing, subject to certain adjustments to give effect to any stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock
split, recapitalization or similar event. 

The
terms of the Convertible Debentures restrict the number of Convertible Debentures that may be converted during each calendar month
by Yorkville at a Conversion Price below a fixed price equal to approximately 8.9422 (i.e., the quotient of 10.00 divided by
1.11829212 (being the number of Common Shares that were exchanged for each share of GXII at the Closing, after giving effect to
the Reverse Stock Split)), subject to adjustment to give effect to any stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, recapitalization
or similar event. The Convertible Debentures are subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. 

The
terms of the Convertible Debentures restrict the conversion of Convertible Debentures by Yorkville if such a conversion would
cause Yorkville to exceed certain beneficial ownership thresholds in NioCorp or such a conversion would cause the aggregate number
of Common Shares issued pursuant to the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing Agreement to exceed the thresholds for issuance of
Common Shares under the rules of the TSX and Nasdaq, unless prior shareholder approval is obtained. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Convertible Debentures, following certain trigger events, and until a subsequent cure event, NioCorp will
be required to redeem 1,125 aggregate principal amount of Convertible Debentures (the Triggered Principal Amount each month by making cash payments to the Investors, on a pro rata basis, in an amount equal to the Triggered Principal Amount,
plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any, plus a redemption premium of 7 of the Triggered Principal Amount. Such monthly
prepayments under the terms of the Convertible Debentures are triggered (i) at the time when NioCorp has issued 95 of the total
amount of Common Shares pursuant to the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing that it may issue under applicable TSX and Nasdaq
rules or (ii) when NioCorp has delayed or suspended the effectiveness or use of the Convertible Debt Financing Registration Statement
for more than 20 consecutive calendar days, and such monthly prepayment obligations will continue until, with respect to (i) above,
shareholder approval is obtained or, with respect to (ii) above, the Investors may once again resell Common Shares under the Convertible
Debt Financing Registration Statement, respectively. 

The
Convertible Debentures may also be redeemed at NioCorp s option at any time and from time to time over their term at a redemption
price equal to of the principal amount being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. 

In
conjunction with the issuance of the Convertible Debentures, NioCorp issued to Yorkville Financing Warrants at an exercise
price of approximately per Common Share (the Financing Warrant Exercise Price ), subject to adjustment to
give effect to any stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split recapitalization or similar event. 

The
Financing Warrants are exercisable, in whole or in part, but not in increments of less than aggregate Financing Warrant Exercise
Price (unless the remaining aggregate Financing Warrant Exercise Price is less than 50), beginning on May 4, 2023, and may be
exercised at any time prior to their expiration. Holders of the Financing Warrants may exercise their Financing Warrants, at their
election, by paying the Financing Warrant Exercise Price in cash or, if at any time there is no effective registration statement
registering, or no current prospectus available for, the resale of the underlying Common Shares, on a cashless exercise basis.
1/12th of the Financing Warrants will expire on each of the first 12 monthly anniversaries of the date that is six months following
the Closing Date. 

The
Financing Warrants have customary anti-dilution adjustments to be determined in accordance with the requirements of the applicable
stock exchanges, including the TSX. The terms of the Financing Warrants restrict the 

exercise of Financing Warrants by Yorkville
if such an exercise would cause Yorkville to exceed certain beneficial ownership thresholds in NioCorp or such an exercise would
cause the aggregate number of Common Shares issued pursuant to the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing Agreement to exceed the
thresholds for issuance of Common Shares under the rules of the Nasdaq and the TSX, unless prior shareholder approval is obtained. 

The Financing Warrants were originally recorded as a contingent liability on January 26, 2023,
and were subsequently marked to market of through March 16, 2023. The change in fair value during this period resulted in
a loss of , which was booked to change in fair value of warrant liability in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive
loss. The Financing Warrants were reclassified to shareholders equity on March 17, 2023, in connection with the closing of the
Convertible Debentures as noted below. 

The
Company allocated the net proceeds of 15,360 from the Convertible Debentures as follows: 

was booked to Common Shares, representing the initial fair value of the Financing Warrant tranches on January 26, 2023 based
 on the Black Scholes pricing model using a risk-free interest rate of , an expected dividend
 yield of , a volatility of , and an expected life of 6 months to 18 months . 

was booked to the convertible debt liability. In addition, transaction costs of were recognized as a direct deduction
 from the debt liability, resulting in a net opening balance of 12,153 at an effective interest rate of 18.4 . This balance
 will be accreted to face value of the Convertible Debentures at maturity using the effective interest method and recorded
 as non-cash interest expense in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Accretion expense 

Principal and accrued
 interest converted 

() 
 
 Balance, June 30,
 2023 

Add: Unamortized debt issuance costs 

2,439 

Remaining principal balance, June 30, 2023 

Upon conversion, the portion of remaining unamortized
issuance costs associated with the conversion are recognized as a component of interest expense. 

The
Convertible Debentures contain events of default customary for instruments of their type (with customary grace periods, as applicable)
and provide that, upon the occurrence of an event of default arising from certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency with respect
to NioCorp, all outstanding Convertible Debentures will become due and payable immediately without further action or notice. If
any other type of event of default occurs and is continuing, then any holder may declare all of its Convertible Debentures to
be due and payable immediately. The Company obtained a waiver from Yorkville with respect to any acceleration rights it may have
under the Convertible Debentures in connection with the restatements of the Company s consolidated financial statements for the periods
ended September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022 and the delay in filing the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarterly period ended March 31, 2023. The Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing Agreement also contains certain covenants that,
among other things, limit NioCorp s ability to use the proceeds from the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing to repay related
party debt or to enter into any variable rate transaction other than with Yorkville, subject to certain exceptions. 

Based
on the Company s closing Common Share price of as of June 30, 2023, conversion of the remaining Convertible Debenture
principal balance of 13.0 million, including accrued interest, would require the issuance of approximately 2,871,660 Common Shares.
For each 0.10 change in the fair value of one Common Share, the total shares the Company would be obligated to issue would change
by approximately shares. 

82 

NioCorp Developments Ltd. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June 30, 2023 

(expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars,
except share and per share data) 

 shares of Class B common stock
of ECRC that were issued in connection with the Closing were issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023. Of the issued
and outstanding shares of Class B common stock of ECRC, shares (the Vested Shares were vested
as of the Closing Date and are exchangeable at any time, and from time to time, until the tenth anniversary of the Closing Date
(the Ten-Year Anniversary and shares (the Earnout Shares are exchangeable until the Ten-Year
Anniversary, subject to certain vesting conditions. Under certain circumstances, and subject to certain exceptions, NioCorp may
instead settle all or a portion of any exchange pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Agreement in cash, in lieu of Common Shares,
based on a volume-weighted average price of Common Shares. 

All
of the shares of Class B common stock of ECRC are subject to the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as
of March 17, 2023 (the Registration Rights and Lock-up Agreement ), among NioCorp, GXII, the Sponsor, the pre-Closing
directors and officers of NioCorp and the other parties thereto, including the members of the Sponsor. Pursuant to Registration
Rights and Lock-up Agreement, all shares of Class B common Stock of ECRC (including the Vested Shares and the Released Earnout
Shares) are subject to certain lock-up restrictions on transfer beginning upon the Closing and ending upon the earlier
of (i) one year after the Closing and (ii) the date on which the trading price of Common Shares exceeds certain thresholds or
the date on which NioCorp completes a transaction that results in all of NioCorp s shareholders having the right to exchange
their Common Shares for cash, securities or other property. Both Vested Shares and Released Earnout Shares may be exchanged by
the holders into Common Shares at any time. Under the Exchange Agreement, all Vested Shares and Earnout Shares must be exchanged
for Common Shares by the Ten-Year Anniversary except for Released Earnout Shares that have been vested for a period of fewer than
twenty-four months as of the Ten-Year Anniversary. Such Released Earnout Shares will be forfeited if not exchanged for Common
Shares by the date that is twenty-four months after the vesting date. 

Vested
Shares 

As
the exchange of Vested Shares are contingently redeemable at the option of the noncontrolling interest shareholders, the Company
classifies the carrying amount of the redeemable noncontrolling interest in the mezzanine section on the consolidated balance
sheet, which is presented above the equity section and below liabilities. The redeemable noncontrolling interests are classified
as a Level 1 financial instrument and are measured at the fair value of the Company s Common Shares at each reporting period.
Adjustments to the carrying value of the redeemable noncontrolling interest are recorded through retained earnings. 

Earnout
Shares 

These shares will be forfeited if the market
share price milestones or an acceleration event is not reached prior to the Ten-Year Anniversary. At such time that the Earnout
Shares shall become vested, and therefore, become Released Earnout Shares, the shares will be transferred to the redeemable noncontrolling
interest in the mezzanine section of the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

The
Earnout Shares were classified as a liability due to failure to meet the equity classification criteria under ASC 815-40, as Level
3 instruments under the fair value hierarchy and are considered a financial liability under ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity. The Earnout Shares were measured at fair value on the Closing Date with subsequent changes in fair value recorded
in earnings. The Earnout Shares were valued utilizing a Monte Carlo simulation pricing model, which calculates multiple potential
outcomes for future share prices and establishes current fair value based on the most likely outcome. The following table discloses
the primary inputs into the Monte Carlo models. 

Term
 (expiry) 

Implied
 volatility of Public Warrants 

Risk-free
 rate 

Change
 in fair value 

() 
 
 Fair
 value as of June 30, 2023 

Common Shares for million , before deducting
share issuance costs of . The Common Shares were sold pursuant to a securities purchase agreement, dated April 26, 2023, between
the Company and a fund managed by Kingdon Capital Management, LLC. 

On
June 9, 2023, the Company issued Common Shares under the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement (discussed below)
in exchange for 488 in cash proceeds. The Company recorded a non-cash operating expense of which represented the difference between
the proceeds received and the fair value of the Common Shares issued based on Nasdaq closing price per Common Share on the issuance date. 

Fiscal
Year 2022 Issuances 

On
June 30, 2022, the Company closed a non-brokered private placement (the June 2022 Private Placement of units (the
 Units of the Company. A total of Units were issued at a price per Unit of C , for total gross proceeds
to the Company of approximately C million . Each Unit consists of one Common Share and one common share purchase warrant June
2022 Warrant ). Each June 2022 Warrant entitles the holder to acquire one Common Share at a price of C at any time
prior to July 1, 2024. Proceeds of the June 2022 Private Placement will be used for continued advancement of the Company s
Elk Creek Critical Minerals Project and for working capital and general corporate purposes. The Company paid cash commissions
of C and warrants (the Finder Warrants ), having the same terms as the June 2022 Warrants, to finders outside
of the United States. The Finder Warrants were valued at C using a risk-free rate of , expected volatility of and expected
life of two years. 

b) Stock
 Options 

On
November 5, 2020, the Company s shareholders voted to approve an amendment and restatement of its long-term incentive plan
(the 2017 Amended Long-Term Incentive Plan and the granting of incentive securities thereunder until November 5,
2023. Under the 2017 Amended Long-Term Incentive Plan, the Board may, in its discretion from time to time, grant Options and share
units (in the form of restricted share units and performance 

share units) to directors, employees and certain other service providers
(as defined in the 2017 Amended Long-Term Incentive Plan) of the Company and affiliated entities selected by the Board. 

The 2017 Amended Long-Term Incentive Plan also limits the aggregate number of Common Shares that may be reserved
for issuance to any one participant under the 2017 Amended Long-Term Incentive Plan, together with all other security-based compensation
arrangements of the Company, to 5 of the then issued and outstanding Common Shares (on a non-diluted basis). Subject to the adjustment
provisions of the 2017 Amended Long-Term Incentive Plan, the aggregate number of Common Shares actually issued or transferred
by the Company upon the exercise of Incentive Stock Options will be limited as described above. 

The
Board has power over the granting, amendment, administration, or settlement of any award. 

Stock
option transactions are summarized as follows: 

C 
 
 Granted 
 
 C 
 
 Exercised 
 
 C 
 
 Cancelled/expired 
 
 C 
 
 Balance, June 30, 2021 
 
 C 
 
 Granted 
 
 C 
 
 Exercised 
 (205,153 
 C 
 
 Cancelled/expired 
 
 C 
 
 Balance, June 30, 2022 
 
 C 
 
 Granted 

Exercised 
 
 C 
 
 Cancelled/expired 
 
 C 
 
 Balance, June 30, 2023 
 
 C 

C - 
 
 C - 
 
 C 5.40 
 November
 15, 2023 

C 7.50 
 December
 14, 2023 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 C 7.50 
 December
 16, 2023 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 C 13.60 
 December
 17, 2024 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 C 11.00 
 May
 30, 2025 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 6.95 
 March
 27, 2026 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Balance,
 June 30, 2023 

C 
 
 C 

The
aggregate intrinsic value in the preceding table represents the total intrinsic value, based on the Company s closing stock
price of C as of June 30, 2023, which would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their
options as of that date. The total number of in-the-money options vested and exercisable as of June 30, 2023, was 208,500. The
total intrinsic value of options exercised during the year ended June 30, 2023, was C . 

As
of June 30, 2023, there were no unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested share-based compensation arrangements granted. 

C 
 C 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected stock price volatility (historical basis) 

Expected option life in years 
 3.0 
 3.0 
 3.0 

c) Warrants 

Granted: 

Nordmin warrants 

Lind III warrants 

April 2021 private placement 

Exercised 

Expired 

Balance, June 30, 2021 

Granted: 

June 2022 private placement 

Exercised 

Balance, June 30, 2022 

Granted: 

Yorkville financing warrants 

GXII warrants 

Expired 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

C 
 
 June
 30, 2024 

C 
 
 February
 19, 2025 

(1) 

March
 17, 2028 

(1) 

In
connection with the Closing, pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, the Company assumed the GXII Warrant Agreement and
each GXII Warrant thereunder that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Closing Date was converted into one NioCorp
Assumed Warrant pursuant to the GXII Warrant Agreement, as amended by an Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement, dated
March 17, 2023, among the Company, GXII, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as the existing warrant agent, and Computershare
Inc. and its affiliate, Computershare Trust Company, N.A, together as the successor warrant agent (the NioCorp Assumed
Warrant Agreement ). In connection with the Closing, NioCorp issued (a) public NioCorp Assumed Warrants (the Public
Warrants in respect of the GXII Warrants that were publicly traded prior to the Closing and (b) NioCorp Assumed
Warrants (the Private Warrants to the Sponsor in respect of the GXII Warrants that it held prior to the Closing,
which NioCorp Assumed Warrants were subsequently distributed by the Sponsor to its members in connection with the Closing. 

No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of any NioCorp Assumed Warrants, and fractional shares that would otherwise
be due to the exercising holder will be rounded down to the nearest whole Common Share. In no event will the Company be required
to net cash settle any NioCorp Assumed Warrant. 

Public
Warrants 

and (iii) there is an effective registration
statement covering the Common Shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants, and a current prospectus relating thereto,
available through the redemption date. Upon issuance of a redemption notice by the Company, the warrant holders will have until
the redemption date to exercise for cash, or, at the Company s election, on a cashless basis. The Public Warrants are not
precluded from equity classification and are accounted for as such on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter.
Because the Transactions resulted in an excess of liabilities over assets acquired, no value was ascribed to the Public Warrants. 

Private
Warrants 

The
Private Warrants: (i) will be exercisable either for cash or on a cashless basis at the holder s option and (ii) will not
be redeemable by the Company, in either case as long as the Private Warrants are held by the Sponsor, its members or any of their
permitted transferees (as prescribed in the NioCorp Assumed Warrant Agreement). In accordance with the NioCorp Assumed Warrant
Agreement, any Private Warrants that are held by someone other than the Sponsor, its members or any their permitted transferees
are treated as Public Warrants. 

The Company accounts for
the Private Warrants assumed in the Transactions in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides
that because the Private Warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each Private Warrant must be recorded
as a liability. This liability is carried as a component of Warrant Liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet and is subject
to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement, the warrant liability will be adjusted to its current
fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company
will reassess the classification at each balance sheet date. 

Key Valuation Input 
 March 17, 2023 
 June 30, 2023 
 
 Stock price on valuation date 

Strike price 

Implied volatility of Public Warrants 

Risk free rate 

Dividend yield 

Expected warrant life in years 
 5.0 
 4.73 

Change
 in valuation 

Valuation
 at June 30, 2023 

d) Yorkville
 Equity Facility Financing 

Concurrent
with the closing of the GXII Transaction, the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing became effective. Pursuant to the Yorkville
Equity Facility Financing Agreement, Yorkville committed to purchase up to 65,000 of Common Shares (the Commitment Amount ),
at NioCorp s direction from time to time for a period commencing upon the Closing Date and ending on the earliest of (i)
the first day of the month next following the 36-month anniversary of the Closing, (ii) the date on which Yorkville shall have
made payment of the full Commitment Amount and (iii) the date that the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement otherwise
terminates in accordance with its terms (the Commitment Period ), subject to certain limitations and the satisfaction
of the conditions in the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement. The Common Shares that may be sold pursuant to the Yorkville
Equity Facility Financing Agreement would be purchased by Yorkville at a purchase price equal to 97 of the daily volume-weighted
average price of the Common Shares on Nasdaq or such other principal U.S. market for the Common Shares if the Common Shares are
ever listed or traded on the New York Stock Exchange or the NYSE American as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets (or, if not
available, a similar service provider of national recognized standing) during the applicable pricing period, which is a period
during a single trading day or a period of three consecutive trading days, at the Company s option and subject to certain
restrictions, in each case, defined based on when an Advance Notice (as defined in the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement)
is submitted, subject to certain limitations. 

Pursuant to the terms of
the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement, NioCorp issued 81,213 of Common Shares (the Commitment Shares valued at 650 to Yorkville as consideration for its irrevocable commitment to purchase Common Shares under the Yorkville Equity
Facility Financing Agreement. On June 9, 2023, NioCorp issued and sold 100,000 Common Shares to Yorkville under the Yorkville Equity
Facility Financing Agreement. Additionally, NioCorp is required to pay Yorkville an aggregate fee of 1,500 in cash (the Cash
Fee ), including 500 that NioCorp paid on the Closing Date and an additional 250 NioCorp was paid as of June 30, 2023.
NioCorp will pay the remaining 750 balance in installments over a 12-month period following the Closing Date, provided that it
will have the right to prepay without penalty all or part of the remaining installments of the Cash Fee at any time. In addition,
legal and other costs of 496 were incurred in connection with the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing and were expensed on the
effective date. The following amounts related to the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement were expensed as other operating
costs: 

Fair value of Commitment Shares issued 

Legal and other related costs 

Net costs expensed to other operating expense 

88 

NioCorp Developments Ltd. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June 30, 2023 

(expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars,
except share and per share data) 

 and drawdowns from the Smith Credit Facility are
subject to a establishment fee. Amounts outstanding under the Smith Credit Facility are secured by all of the Company s
assets pursuant to a general security agreement. The Smith Credit Facility contains financial and non-financial covenants customary
for a facility of its size and nature. The maturity date for the Smith Credit Facility was June 30, 2023. On February 28, 2023,
the Smith Credit facility was amended to increase the borrowing limit to from the previous limit of . The Company
subsequently drew down , leaving an available balance under the Smith Credit Facility of . 

Amounts advanced 
 
 - 
 
 Repayments 

Balance, end of period 
 - 

On
March 22, 2023, the Company repaid Mr. Smith of principal borrowed under the Smith Credit Facility. This repayment was
made out of funds transferred to the Company from the GXII trust account on the Closing Date. The Company repaid the remaining
principal balance of on May 31, 2023. The Smith Credit Facility expired on June 30, 2023. Accounts payable and accrued
liabilities as of June 30, 2023 includes of origination fees payable under the Smith Credit Agreement. 

During
fiscal year 2023 and 2022, the Company paid a total of 183 and 252 , respectively, representing accrued interest on the Smith
Credit Agreement. 

Field management and other 

Metallurgical 

Geologists and field staff 

Total 

. 

As
of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had one corporate office lease with a remaining lease term of 3.6 
years and 1.3 years, respectively. During the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, operating cash flows included cash payments of 
and , respectively related to
the measurement of lease liabilities. 

Variable rent expense 

Short term lease cost 

Sublease income 

Net lease cost 

Lease cost other operating expense 

Lease cost exploration expenditures 
 - 
 - 

Net lease cost 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total lease payments 

Less amount of payments representing interest 

Present value of lease payments 

Less current portion of operating lease liability 

Noncurrent operating lease liability 

United States 

Total 

Combined federal and provincial statutory income tax rate 

Income tax benefit at statutory tax rates 

Foreign rate differential 

Earnout shares liability 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrant liability 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 GXII transaction costs 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Share based compensation 

Accretion expense 

Loss on debt extinguishment 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Capital loss rate differential 

Change in estimates related to prior years 

Other 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax benefit 
 304 
 - 
 - 

Mineral interests 

Startup and organizational costs 
 
 - 
 
 Research and development costs 
 
 - 
 
 Share issuance costs 
 
 - 
 
 Capital losses available for future periods 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

During
the year ended June 30, 2022, we identified errors in the recognition of capital losses related to realized mineral property
write downs and foreign exchange gains and losses in Canada which resulted in changes to capital losses available for future periods
and other of ) and ) , respectively. These changes primarily related to adjustments to deferred tax assets recorded during
fiscal year 2021. In addition, during the year ended June 30, 2022, we identified an error in the recognition of net operating
losses related to disallowed interest expense for the prior year which resulted in a decrease to net operating loss carryforwards
of . After evaluation and consideration of the full valuation allowance historically applied against total deferred tax assets,
we determined that the impact of the adjustments was not material to the previously issued consolidated financial statements, nor are the out
of period adjustments material to the estimated results for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

Current year additions 

Startup and organizational costs acquired 
 
 - 
 
 Valuation allowance, end of year 

The
Company acquired a federal income tax payable of in connection with the GXII Transaction. As a result of a post-transaction
loss at ECRC, a partial release of the valuation allowance attributed to the reduction of the acquired federal income tax payable
of 304 has been recorded as an income tax benefit in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss for the
year ended June 30, 2023. The Company establishes a valuation allowance against future income tax assets if, based on available
information, it is more likely than not that all of the assets will not be realized. The valuation allowance of at June
30, 2023, relates mainly to net operating loss carryforwards in Canada and mineral interests due to deferred exploration expenditures
in the United States, where the utilization of such attributes is not more likely than not. 

, have no expiration.. 

 Schedule of cumulative net operating losses 

As of June 30, 
 
 Jurisdiction 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Canada 

United States 

Total 

In
addition, the Company has a Canadian capital loss carryforward of as of June 30, 2023, which has no expiration date and
can be used to offset future capital gains, and U.S. state net operating loss carryforwards of as of June 30, 2023 which
generally expire between 2031 and 2043. 

The
Company had no unrecognized tax benefits as of June 30, 2023 or 2022. The Company recognizes interest accrued related to unrecognized
tax benefits and penalties in its income tax provision. The Company has not recognized any interest or penalties in the fiscal
years presented in these consolidated financial statements. The Company is subject to income tax in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and Canada.
Certain years remain subject to examination but there are currently no ongoing exams in any taxing jurisdictions. 

- 
 - 
 
 Investment in equity securities 

- 
 - 
 
 Total 

- 
 - 
 
 Liabilities: 

Earnout Shares liability 
 10 
 
 - 
 - 

Warrant liabilities 
 9,11c 
 
 - 

Total 

- 

As of June 30, 2022 

Total 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

- 
 - 
 
 Investment in equity securities 

- 
 - 
 
 Total 

- 
 - 

The
 Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing discussed in Note 9 was initially recorded at fair value,
which represented a nonrecurring fair value measurement using a Level 3 input. At June 30, 2023, the estimated fair value of this
instrument approximated carrying value given that the instrument was issued in March 2023 and has a short time period until maturity. 

On
September 12 and September 18, 2023, the Company issued and Common Shares, respectively, under the Yorkville Equity
Facility Financing Agreement in exchange for million in gross cash proceeds. 

93 

ITEM 9. CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The
management of NioCorp Developments Ltd. has evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive
Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of June 30, 2023. Based on that evaluation,
the CEO and the CFO have concluded that, as of June 30, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to
the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below. 

The
Company s disclosure controls and procedures have been designed to ensure that: (i) information required to be disclosed
by us in reports that we file or submit to the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within
the time periods specified in applicable rules and forms and (ii) material information required to be disclosed in our reports
filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the CEO and the CFO, as appropriate, to
allow for accurate and timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

Management
does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all error and all fraud. The effectiveness of our or
any system of disclosure controls and procedures, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance that
the objectives of the system will be met and is subject to certain limitations, including the exercise of judgment in designing,
implementing, and evaluating controls and procedures and the assumptions used in identifying the likelihood of future events. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The
management of NioCorp Developments Ltd. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting for the Company. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June
30, 2023. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth in the Internal Control -Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO Framework ). Based
on that evaluation, the CEO and the CFO have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, our internal
control over financial reporting was not effective due to the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting
described below. 

Material
Weaknesses in Internal Control over Financing Reporting Existing as of June 30, 2023 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be
prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Management
concluded that the previously disclosed material weakness relating to the Company s controls over the accounting for non-routine
transactions continued to exist as of June 30, 2023. Specifically, such controls were not adequately designed to ensure the consideration
of all related relevant accounting guidance when such transactions were recorded. As disclosed in the Company s Amendment
No. 1 on Form 10-K/A to its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, and in the Company s Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended September 30, 2022, December 31, 2022 and March 31, 2023, this material weakness
resulted in the restatement of the Company s consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended June
30, 2022 and 2021, as well as the restatement of the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for
the interim periods ended September 30, 2021, December 31, 2021, and March 31, 2022. 

The
Company identified an additional error during the quarter ended March 31, 2023 relating to the accounting treatment of the Lind
Consent. The error required the restatement of the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the
periods ended September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022. The Company determined 

94 

that the error was partially caused by the same
material weakness that existed as of June 30, 2022, September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022. The material weakness discussed
above continued to exist as of June 30, 2023. 

In
addition to the material weakness discussed above, our management concluded that three other material weaknesses in internal control
over financial reporting existed as of June 30, 2023. A cumulative listing of our material weaknesses is disclosed below: 

Control
 Environment: Management did not design and maintain an effective control environment
 based on the criteria established by the COSO Framework. Specifically, the Company does
 not have sufficient personnel with the appropriate levels of knowledge, experience, and
 training in accounting and internal control over financial reporting commensurate with
 the complexity of the Company s business. This material weakness contributed to
 additional material weaknesses related to the Company s control activities as further
 described below. 

Risk
 Assessment: Management did not design and maintain effective controls over the risk
 assessment process. Specifically, management does not have a formal process to identify,
 update, and assess risks due to changes in the Company s business practices, including
 entering into increasingly complex transactions that could significantly impact the design
 and operation of the Company s control activities. 

Control
 Activities: Management did not design and maintain effective controls, including
 management review controls, related to non-routine transactions. Specifically, management
 did not maintain effective controls over monitoring and assessing the work of third-party
 specialists, including the evaluation of the appropriateness of accounting conclusions
 that has resulted in misstatements. In addition, the Company did not design and maintain
 effective controls related to the evaluation of certain inputs and assumptions used to
 estimate the fair value of instruments and features associated with complex debt and
 equity transactions. Finally, management did not have policies and procedures for the
 reconsideration of existing agreements when infrequent transactions occur. 

Monitoring
 Activities: Management did not design and maintain effective monitoring controls
 to support timely evaluation of remediation of identified internal control deficiencies. 

Additionally,
these material weaknesses could result in a misstatement of the account balances or disclosures that would result in a material
misstatement to the annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or timely detected. 

Remediation
Plan for the Material Weakness 

To
address our material weaknesses existing as of June 30, 2023, we are currently devising a detailed plan to address each individual
material weakness identified, as well as the overall monitoring process, including the following: 

In
 order to remediate the material weaknesses relating to the Company s control environment
 and risk assessment process, we plan to develop and implement controls to ensure work
 performed by Company personnel and other experts is reviewed by individuals with the
 appropriate level of U.S. GAAP knowledge and experience. This may include separating
 the performance and review of certain close procedures among current accounting personnel
 and/or engaging third party accounting consultants with the requisite U.S. GAAP knowledge
 and experience to perform work under the control and oversight of Company personnel.
 In addition, we plan to enhance the design of our controls over the consideration of
 all related relevant accounting guidance for the initial recording and subsequent measurements
 of non-routine transactions. 

In
 order to remediate the material weakness relating to the Company s controls activities,
 we are in the process of designing and implementing controls over the completeness and
 accuracy of identifying and adequately assessing the assumptions utilized in the valuation
 analysis of complex financial instruments, as well as engaging third party consultants
 with the relevant background and expertise to perform the appropriate complex valuation
 analyses under the control and oversight of Company personnel. 

In
order to remediate the material weakness relating to the Company s controls over monitoring activities, we plan to design
and implement controls to manage and monitor our progress towards the remediation of 

95 

internal control deficiencies and material
weaknesses, including oversight by, and periodic reporting to, the Audit Committee. 

The
process of designing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting is a continuous effort that requires
management to anticipate and react to changes in our business, economic and regulatory environments and to expend significant
resources. As we continue to evaluate our internal control over financial reporting, we may take additional actions to remediate
the material weaknesses or modify the remediation actions described above. 

While
we continue to devote significant time and attention to these remediation efforts, the material weaknesses will not be considered
remediated until management completes the design and implementation of the actions described above and the controls operate for
a sufficient period of time, and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are effective. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Other
than as discussed above, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended June
30, 2023, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER
 INFORMATION 

During
the quarter ended June 30, 2023, no director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of the
Company adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement 
(as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 

ITEM
 9C. DISCLOSURE
 REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION 

Not
applicable. 

96 

PART
III 

ITEM
 10. DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
following table sets forth as of October 6, 2023, the names and ages of, and position or positions held by, our executive officers
and directors, the employment background of these persons, and any directorships held by the current directors during the last
five years. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 Date
 of Appointment 
 
 Mark A. Smith 
 
 64 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive
 Chairman, and Director 
 Chief
Executive Officer and Director: September 23, 2013 
 President
and Executive Chairman: May 31, 2015 
 
 Neal Shah 
 
 49 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary 
 Chief
Financial Officer: July 1, 2016 
 Corporate
Secretary: December 3, 2021 
 
 Scott Honan 
 
 52 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 May 6, 2014 
 
 Jim Sims 
 
 62 
 
 Chief Communications Officer 
 November 2, 2015 
 
 Michael J. Morris 
 
 77 
 
 Lead Director 
 July 27, 2014 
 
 David C. Beling 
 
 82 
 
 Director 
 June 6, 2011 
 
 Anna Castner Wightman 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 February 23, 2016 
 
 Nilsa Guerrero-Mahon 
 
 62 
 
 Director 
 September 28, 2017 
 
 Dean C. Kehler 
 
 66 
 
 Director 
 March 17, 2023 
 
 Michael
 G. Maselli 
 
 63 
 
 Director 
 March 17, 2023 
 
 Peter Oliver 
 
 60 
 
 Director 
 May 25, 2022 
 
 The
following sets forth a brief description of the business experience of each executive officer and director of the Company, including
current directorships and directorships held in, at least, the past five years for each director: 

Mark
A. Smith Executive Chairman, Director, President, and Chief Executive Officer 

Mr.
Smith has over 41 years of experience in operating, developing, and financing mining and strategic materials projects in the Americas
and abroad. In September 2013, he was appointed CEO and a Director of NioCorp. From April 2015 to September 2019, Mr. Smith served
as the President and Director for Largo Resources Ltd. Largo ), a mineral company with an operating property in
Brazil and projects in Brazil and Canada. In addition, from April 2015 to October 2018, Mr. Smith also served as the CEO of Largo.
Mr. Smith has also served on the board of directors of IBC Advanced Alloys Corp., a leading beryllium and copper advanced alloys
company IBC ), since May 2016 and as CEO of IBC since July 2020. From October 2008 through December 2012, Mr. Smith
served as President, CEO and Director of Molycorp, Inc., a rare earths producer Molycorp ), where he was instrumentally
involved in taking it from a private company to a publicly traded company with a producing mine. From November 2011 through May
2015, he served on the board of directors at Avanti Mining, a mining company (TSX-V: AVT; Avanti Mining changed its name to AlloyCorp
in early 2015). From December 2012 through September 2013, he served as the Managing Director of KMSmith LLC, a business strategy
and finance advisory firm, where he served as a consultant. 

Prior
to Molycorp, Mr. Smith held numerous engineering, environmental, and legal positions within Unocal Corporation, a former petroleum
explorer and marketer Unocal ), and later served as the President and CEO of Chevron Mining Inc., a coal and metal
mining company and wholly owned subsidiary of Chevron Corporation Chevron Mining ). Mr. Smith also served for over
seven years as the shareholder representative of Companhia Brasileira Metal rgica e Minera o CBMM ),
a private company that currently produces approximately 85 of the world supply of niobium. During his tenure with Chevron Mining,
Mr. Smith was responsible for Chevron Mining s three coal mines, one molybdenum mine, a petroleum coke calcining operation
and Molycorp s Mountain Pass mine. At Unocal, he served as the Vice-President from June 2000 to April 2006, and managed
the real estate, remediation, mining and carbon divisions. Mr. Smith is a Registered Professional Engineer and serves as an active
member of the State Bars of California and Colorado. He received his Bachelor of Science degree in Agricultural 

97 

Engineering from
Colorado State University in 1981 and his Juris Doctor, cum laude, from Western State University, College of Law, in 1990. 

Neal
Shah Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary 

Mr.
Shah joined NioCorp in September 2014 as Vice President of Finance, and now serves as the Company s CFO and Corporate Secretary.
Mr. Shah served as Finance Manager at Covidien Ltd., a medical device company since acquired by Medtronic, from May 2014 through
September 2014. From April 2011 until May 2014, he held the positions of Senior Manager of Corporate Development and M A and
more recently the Director of Strategy and Business Planning at Molycorp. Mr. Shah graduated from the University of Colorado with
a BSc in Mechanical Engineering in 1996, and from Purdue University with an MBA in 2002. Since the completion of his MBA, Mr.
Shah also held key finance roles with Intel Corporation and IBM. 

Scott
Honan Chief Operating Officer 

Mr.
Honan joined NioCorp in May 2014 as Vice President, Business Development, and since July 2020, has served as the Company s
Chief Operating Officer COO ). He also serves as President of Elk Creek Resources Corporation, the NioCorp subsidiary
that is developing the Elk Creek Project in Nebraska. Prior to his work at NioCorp, Mr. Honan served in several leadership capacities
at Molycorp from February 2001 until May 2014, including as Vice President/Director Health, Environment, Safety and Sustainability
and General Manager and Environmental Manager from July 2011 to May 2014. With over 30 years of experience in the gold and rare
earth industries, Mr. Honan is a graduate of Queen s University in Mining Engineering in both Mineral Processing (B.Sc.
Honors) and Environmental Management (M.Sc.) disciplines. 

Jim
Sims Chief Communications Officer 

Mr.
Sims has more than 30 years of experience in devising and executing marketing, media relations, public affairs, and investor relations
operations for companies in the mining, chemical, manufacturing, utility, and renewable energy sectors. He joined NioCorp in November
2015 as Vice President, External Affairs, and now serves as its Chief Communications Officer, effective June 7, 2022. Prior to
NioCorp, Mr. Sims served for more than five years as Director (and then Vice President) of Corporate Communications for Molycorp
from March 2010 through November 2015. Since May 2016, Mr. Sims has also served as Director of Investor and Public Relations for
IBC. Mr. Sims was President and CEO of Policy Communications, Inc. from 1998 until 2010, and served as White House Director of
Communications for the Energy Policy Development Group. A former U.S. Senate Chief of Staff, he is the co-founder and former Executive
Director of the Geothermal Energy Association, and he has served as Board Chairman of the Rare Earth Technology Alliance. He is
an honors graduate of Georgetown University. 

Michael
J. Morris Director 

Mr.
Morris was formerly the Chairman of the board of directors of Heritage Oaks Bankcorp Heritage Oaks ), the holding
company of Heritage Oaks Bank. When Heritage Oaks Bank merged with Pacific Premier Bancorp on April 1, 2017, Mr. Morris became
a member of the Pacific Premier Bancorp s board of directors, a position he held until May 31, 2020. He joined Heritage
Oaks board of directors in January 2001 and assumed the board s chairmanship in 2007. In addition, Mr. Morris has
worked since 1972 at Andre, Morris Buttery, a professional law corporation, where he serves as Senior Principal and has
served as Chairman of the board since 2005. From 2000 to late 2006, Mr. Morris served on the board of Molycorp, a rare earths
producer, which at the time was a wholly owned subsidiary of Unocal and then Chevron Mining. Mr. Morris was the only independent
director of Molycorp at that time. Mr. Morris is a graduate of Georgetown University and received his law degree from the University
of San Francisco School of Law. He has practiced business and environmental law for over 40 years. Mr. Morris served as a member
of the Board of Governors and Vice President of the State Bar of California. He served as a 1st Lieutenant in the U.S. Army from
1970 to 1972. 

David
C. Beling Director 

Mr.
Beling is a Registered Professional Mining Engineer with 58 years of project and corporate experience. He has served as a director
on the boards of 14 mining companies starting in 1981, including NioCorp since 2011. Mr. Beling is the owner of D.C. Beling 
Assoc., LLC, which provides strategic advisory, project, and corporate development services to the mining industry. His previous
employment and consulting included 14 years with five 

98 

major mining companies and then 44 years with 30+ U.S. and Canadian junior
mining companies. He was the President, CEO, and Director of Bullfrog Gold Corp. from 2011 until October 2020; and the Executive
Vice President and COO of Geovic Mining Corp. from 2004 through 2010. Mr. Beling has examined, significantly reviewed, or been
directly involved with 90 underground mines, 136 open pit mines, and 174 process plants in the global metal, energy, and industrial
mineral sectors. 

Anna
Castner Wightman Director 

A
sixth generation Nebraskan and a graduate of Nebraska Wesleyan University, Ms. Wightman serves as a Senior Director of Government
Relations for First National Bank of Omaha, Nebraska, a position she has held since 2000. Prior to that, she worked for the Greater
Omaha Chamber of Commerce and served in the U.S. Congress for former Congressman Bill Barrett and former Congresswoman Virginia
Smith, both of whom represented the 3rd Congressional District of Nebraska. Ms. Wightman serves on the board of directors for
the Nebraska Chamber of Commerce, Rose Theater for Performing Arts, and Joslyn Castle. 

Nilsa
Guerrero-Mahon Director 

A
former CFO and Controller for global corporations in the technology, energy, and government sectors, Ms. Guerrero-Mahon provides
consulting services to domestic and international corporations as the principal at NG Mahon Business Consulting, LLC. In addition,
Ms. Guerrero-Mahon was appointed to the Board of FinGoal Inc. in April 2022, a finance technology company building artificial
intelligence tools for the financial services industry and other financial technology developers. She also serves on the Board
of the State of Colorado Division of Securities. From 2016 to August 2019, she served on the board of directors of Centura Health
Mountains North Denver Operating Group, the largest division in the Centura Health Care System. From 2014 to 2016, she served
as the Vice Chair of the board of directors and Chaired the Strategy Committee at St. Anthony Hospital. From 2009 to 2017, Ms.
Guerrero-Mahon served as a gubernatorial appointed Board Member of the State of Colorado Financial Services Commission. Among
other prior positions, from 2004 to 2007, she was the Global Services Controller at Microsoft Corporation, overseeing internal
controls and corporate finance activities. 

Ms.
Guerrero-Mahon stays current with the latest Corporate Governance practices and the integration of ESG into the strategy. She
is an NACD Board Leadership Fellow, a member of the SASB Alliance, holds a CERT Certificate in Cybersecurity Oversight from the
Carnegie Mellon University and is currently enrolled in the Climate Leadership Certification program with Diligent Corporation.
Ms. Guerrero-Mahon received an Executive MBA from the Daniels College of Business at the University of Denver, a BS in Business
Administration - Accounting from the Interamerican University in San Juan, Puerto Rico, and an AS in Computer Science from the
EDP School of Computer Programming in San Juan, Puerto Rico. She is a Certified Public Accountant registered in the State of Colorado. 

Peter
Oliver Director 

With
a background in chemistry, Mr. Oliver began working at Greenbushes, Western Australia, for Sons of Gwalia, a mining company, in
May 2003. After Sons of Gwalia went into administration in 2004, Mr. Oliver was hired by Talison Lithium Limited Talison ),
a mining company, where he served as General Manager of Talison s Greenbushes and Wodgina Mines and as Talison s COO,
until Mr. Oliver was appointed as the CEO/Managing director. As Talison s CEO/Managing director, Mr. Oliver led the listing
of Talison on the Toronto Stock Exchange in September 2010. 

Mr.
Oliver guided Talison through its acquisition in 2013 by Tianqi Lithium Corporation Tianqi ). He then served as
a corporate adviser to Tianqi, focusing on M A opportunities and global expansion, including advising on the sale of 49 of
Talison to Albermarle Corp. and the acquisition of 24 of Sociedad Quimica y Minera de Chile S.A., as well as significant expansions
of Talison s Greenbushes lithium concentrate production. 

Mr.
Oliver also was a founding member of Tianqi Lithium Energy Australia Pty Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of Tianqi, which was established
to build a major Lithium Hydroxide manufacturing facility in Western Australia. Until June 2021, Mr. Oliver remained as a director
of Talison, a joint venture between Tianqi and Albemarle Corp. In September 2022, Mr. Oliver was appointed to the Board of Latin
Resources, a lithium exploration company in Australia. 

99 

Dean
C. Kehler Director 

Mr.
Kehler co-founded Trimaran Fund Management, L.L.C. Trimaran Fund in 1998, where he is a Managing Partner, and serves
as a Manager of Trimaran Fund II. Mr. Kehler was also the Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of GX Acquisition Corp. II,
a position he has held from August 2018 to March 2023. From 1995 to 2000, Mr. Kehler held senior positions at Canadian Imperial
Bank of Commerce CIBC ), including Vice Chairman of CIBC World Markets Corp. Mr. Kehler currently serves on the Boards
of Directors of Portman Ridge Finance Corporation (formerly KCAP Financial Inc.) and Celularity, Inc. Within the last five years,
he has served a director of Inviva Inc., Security First Corp. and Graphene Frontiers, LLC. He holds a bachelor s degree from the
Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. 

Michael
G. Maselli Director 

Mr.
Maselli is a managing director of Trimaran Fund, a position he has held since 2006, and was the President of Acquisitions of GX
Acquisition Corp. II from August 2018 to March 2023. Before joining Trimaran Fund in February 2006, Mr. Maselli worked in the
Corporate and Leverage Finance Groups of CIBC World Markets. Prior to joining CIBC in 1997, Mr. Maselli served as a Managing Director
in Bear Stearns corporate finance group and, prior to that, as a Vice President at Kidder Peabody Co. Incorporated.
Since 2010, Mr. Maselli has served on the board of directors of El Pollo Loco Holdings, and he served as their Chairman of the Board from 2011 to 2023. He served on the board of ChanceLight, Inc. (f/k/a Educational Services of America, Inc.) until 2018. From 2013 to 2015,
he served on the board of directors of Norcraft Companies, Inc., and also served on the board of managers of its predecessor company
beginning in 2003. Additionally, Mr. Maselli served on the board of directors of Standard Steel, LLC, and was director as well
as Chairman of the Board of CB Holding Corp. Mr. Maselli received an MBA with distinction from The A.B. Freeman School at Tulane
University and a bachelor s degree in economics from the University of Colorado. 

Fiscal
2023 Director Compensation 

Effective
at the Closing on March 17, 2023, the Company increased the size of its Board to nine directors and appointed Michael G. Maselli
and Dean C. Kehler. On May 15, 2023, Fernanda Reda Fenga Viana Klamas resigned from the Board. One of the directors serving on
the Board (Mark A. Smith) is also a named executive officer. For a description of the compensation paid to Mr. Smith, see Fiscal
2023 Summary Compensation Table below. 

The
following table sets forth all compensation the Company granted to our directors, other than Mr. Smith, for the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2023: 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Option Awards )(1) 
 All Other Compensation )(2) 
 Total ) 
 
 David C. Beling 
 - 
 123,600 
 59,000 
 182,600 
 
 Michael J. Morris 
 - 
 154,500 
 43,200 
 197,700 
 
 Anna Castner Wightman 
 - 
 123,600 
 35,500 
 159,100 
 
 Nilsa Guerrero-Mahon 
 - 
 139,050 
 27,500 
 166,550 
 
 Fernanda Reda Fenga Viana Klamas 
 - 
 123,600 
 11,500 
 135,100 
 
 Peter Oliver 
 - 
 123,600 
 4,000 
 127,600 
 
 Dean C. Kehler 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Michael G. Maselli 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

(1) Reflects
the grant date fair value of stock options Options granted during the 2023 fiscal year, consisting of 50,000 Options
for Mr. Morris, 45,000 Options for Ms. Guerrero-Mahon, and 40,000 Options each for Ms. Wightman, Ms. Fenga, Mr. Beling, and Mr.
Oliver, in each case at an exercise price of 6.95 per share, computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 718. Assumptions used in the calculation of these
amounts are described in Note 11 in the Company s consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K. These Options were fully vested on the grant date and generally remain exercisable until three years after the grant date. 

100 

(2) The
amounts in this column reflect a special cash bonus paid to directors equal to 5,000 per year of service or portion thereof,
based on their individual years of service on the Board. 

For
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the directors of the Company did not receive any cash fees for serving on the Board, other
than the special cash bonuses set forth in the table above. The directors of the Company have no standard compensation arrangements,
or any other arrangements, with the Company, except as herein disclosed. Option grants are determined by the Compensation and
Organization Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee on a discretionary basis each year. Executive officers
of the Company who also act as directors of the Company do not receive any additional compensation for services rendered in such
capacity. See Fiscal 2023 Summary Compensation Table below. 

The
aggregate number of Option awards outstanding at the end of fiscal year 2023 for each non-employee director who served during
fiscal 2023 was as follows: Mr. Beling, 122,500 Options; Mr. Morris, 107,500 Options; Ms. Wightman, 122,500 Options; Ms. Guerrero-Mahon,
105,000 Options; Ms. Fenga, 117,500 Options; Mr. Oliver, 90,000 Options; Mr. Kehler, 0 Options; and Mr. Maselli, 0 Options. As
of June 30, 2023, all the above Options were 100 vested. 

Other
Directorships 

The
following is a list of directorships held over the past five years by our directors. Except as listed below, no directors of the
Company are also directors of reporting issuers. 

Name
 of Director 
 
 Other
 Reporting Issuer (or equivalent) 
 
 Exchange 
 
 David
 C. Beling 
 
 Bullfrog
 Gold 
 
 CSE 
 
 Michael
 J. Morris 
 
 Pacific
 Premier Bancorp 
 
 Nasdaq 
 
 Mark
 A. Smith 
 
 Largo
 Resources Ltd. 
 
 TSX 

IBC
 Advanced Alloys Corp. 
 
 TSX-V 
 
 Peter
 Oliver 
 
 Latin
 Resources 
 
 ASX 
 
 Dean
 C. Kehler 
 
 El
Pollo Loco Holdings, Inc. 
 Portman
Ridge Finance Corporation 
 Celularity,
Inc. 
 GX
Acquisition Corp. II 
 
 Nasdaq 
 Nasdaq 
 Nasdaq 
 Nasdaq 
 
 Michael
 G. Maselli 
 
 El
 Pollo Loco Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Nasdaq 

Legal
Proceedings 

No
director or executive officer of the Company is a party adverse to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or has a material interest
adverse to the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 

During
the past ten years, none of the persons serving as executive officers and/or directors of the Company and, with respect to promoters
or control persons, for the past five years, none have been the subject matter of any of the legal proceedings that are required
to be disclosed pursuant to Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. Further, no such legal proceedings are believed to be contemplated
by governmental authorities against any director or executive officer. 

Ethical
Business Conduct 

The
Board expects management to operate the business of the Company in a manner that enhances shareholder value and is consistent
with the highest level of integrity. Management is expected to execute the Company s business plan and to meet performance
goals and objectives according to the highest ethical standards. 

In
addition, directors and senior officers are bound by the provisions of the Company s Articles and the British Columbia Business
Corporations Act BCBCA ), which set forth how any conflicts of interest are to be dealt with. In particular, any
director who has a material interest in a particular transaction is required to disclose such interest and to refrain from voting
with respect to the approval of any such transaction. 

101 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

Our
Board has adopted a written Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to our employees, officers, and directors, including
those officers responsible for financial reporting. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on our website at www.niocorp.com.
If the Board amends the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or grants a waiver, including an implicit waiver, from the Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics, the Company will disclose the information on its internet website. The waiver information will remain
on the website for at least 12 months after the initial disclosure of such waiver. Given the current size of the Company workforce,
and the lack of significant operations, the Board monitors compliance through periodic discussions with executive management. 

Audit
Committee and Audit Committee Financial Experts 

Our
Audit Committee is currently comprised of Anna Castner Wightman, Michael J. Morris, and Nilsa Guerrero-Mahon, all of whom are
independent directors. Our Board has determined that Mr. Morris and Ms. Guerrero-Mahon are audit committee financial experts,
as defined by the rules of the SEC. Further, all Audit Committee members are financially literate as defined in NI 52-110. The
Audit Committee was established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. 

ITEM
 11. EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 

The
following table sets out the compensation for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 for the individual who served as the
Company s CEO during fiscal year 2023, as well as the Company s two other most highly compensated executive officers
other than the CEO who were serving at the end of the last fiscal year (collectively, the named executive officers ): 

Fiscal
2023 Summary Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Option Awards (1) ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Mark A. Smith, Chief Executive Officer, President (2) 
 2023 
 304,000 
 100,000 
 216,300 
 620,300 

2022 
 297,000 
 
 256,471 
 553,471 
 
 Scott Honan, Chief Operating Officer 
 2023 
 265,000 
 50,000 
 123,600 
 438,600 

2022 
 260,000 
 
 118,371 
 378,371 
 
 Neal Shah, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary 
 2023 
 227,500 
 50,000 
 123,600 
 401,100 

2022 
 220,000 
 
 118,371 
 338,371 

(1) Reflects
the grant date fair value of the Options granted during the reported fiscal years. Fiscal year 2023 grants consisted of 70,000
Options for Mr. Smith and 40,000 Options for each of Messrs. Honan and Shah, in each case at an exercise price of 6.95 per share.
Grant date fair values were computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. Assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts
are described in Note 11 in the Company s consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
These Options were fully vested on the grant date and generally remain exercisable until three years after the grant date. 

(2) Disclosed
amounts paid to 76 Resources, LLC, an entity controlled by Mr. Smith, as further described below under Employment Agreements. 

102 

Narrative
Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

Compensation
Governance 

The
Company s Compensation Committee determines an appropriate amount of compensation for the Company s executives, reflecting
the need to provide incentives and compensation for the time and effort expended by the executives while taking into account the
financial and other resources of the Company. The Compensation Committee has the authority to engage and compensate, at the expense
of the Company, any outside advisor that it determines to be necessary to permit it to carry out its duties (including compensation
consultants and advisers) , and utilized information provided by Insperity PEO Services LP Insperity ), the
Company s Professional Employer Organization, in February 2023, to assess employee salaries relative to industry and market
peers. 

Compensation
Program Design 

The
Board, in conjunction with the Compensation Committee, determines compensation and rewards to senior management on the basis of
individual and corporate performance, both in the short term and the long term, while at the same time being mindful of the responsibility
that the Company has to its shareholders. In general, the Compensation Committee considers that its compensation program should
be relatively simple in concept, given the current stage of the Company s development, and that its focus should be balanced
between reasonable current compensation and longer-term compensation tied to performance of the Company as a whole. 

The
Compensation Committee has not established a formal set of benchmarks or performance criteria to be met by the Company s
named executive officers; rather, the members of the Compensation Committee use the information provided by Insperity and their
own subjective assessments of the level of success of the Company to determine, collectively, whether or not the named executive
officers are successfully achieving the Company s business plan and strategy and the degree to which they have performed
in that regard. The Compensation Committee has not established any set or formal formula for determining named executive officer
compensation, either as to the amount thereof or the specific mix of compensation elements, and compensation (and adjustments
from time to time) is set through informal discussions at the Compensation Committee level. 

Key
Elements of Named Executive Officer Compensation 

Base
Salaries 

The
members of the Compensation Committee use their own experience and familiarity with the industry, and consider the factors described
above, to determine what they believe to be reasonable base salaries for our named executive officers. The base salaries of the
named executive officers are set at levels which are considered by the members of the Compensation Committee to be competitive,
thereby enabling the Company to compete for and retain executives critical to the long-term success of the Company. Initially,
base salaries (or, for Mr. Smith, base consulting fees) are set through negotiation when executive officers join the Company (with
direct input from the Compensation Committee) and are subsequently reviewed each fiscal year to determine if adjustments are required. 

Effective
April 1, 2023, the Compensation Committee approved the following increases to the named executive officers base salaries
to reflect each executive s experience, contribution, responsibilities and pay relative to market and among senior executives
at the Company. 

NEO 
 Prior Base 
 Salary Rate ) 
 New Base 
 Salary Rate ) 
 
 Mark A. Smith 
 297,000 
 325,000 
 
 Scott Honan 
 260,000 
 280,000 
 
 Neal Shah 
 220,000 
 250,000 

Bonus
Compensation 

The
Board has discretion, where deemed appropriate and financially affordable for the Company, to grant a cash bonus to a named executive
officer based on the performance of both the individual named executive officer and the Company. In March 2023, the Compensation
Committee approved the following discretionary bonuses for the named executive officers, each of which was paid in April 2023: 

103 

NEO 
 Bonus Amount ) 
 
 Mark A. Smith 
 100,000 
 
 Scott Honan 
 50,000 
 
 Neal Shah 
 50,000 

These
one-time bonuses were intended to reflect the Compensation Committee s desire to reward individual performance and teamwork
across the senior leadership level. 

Option-Based
Awards 

The
incentive portion of each named executive officer s compensation package consists primarily of Options awarded under the
2017 Amended Long-Term Incentive Plan. Share ownership opportunities through the grant of Options are provided to align the interests
of senior management of the Company with the longer-term interests of the shareholders of the Company. 

The
2017 Amended Long-Term Incentive Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee, and is intended to advance the interests
of the Company through the motivation, attraction and retention of officers and other key employees, directors and consultants
of the Company and affiliates of the Company and to secure for the Company and its shareholders the benefits inherent in the ownership
of Common Shares of the Company by officers and other key employees, directors and consultants of the Company and affiliates of
the Company. Grants of Options under the 2017 Amended Long-Term Incentive Plan are proposed/recommended by the CEO, and reviewed
by the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee can approve, modify, or reject any proposed grants, in whole or in part.
In general, the allocation of available Options among the eligible participants in the 2017 Amended Long-Term Incentive Plan is
on an ad hoc basis, and there is no set formula for allocating available Options, nor is there any fixed benchmark or performance
criteria to be achieved in order to receive an award of or vest in Options. 

The
Compensation Committee does not consider the accounting value of any such Option grants in determining the number of Options to
award to any individual, as any such value is an accounting measure that is not relevant to incentivizing the individual.
The timing of the grants of Options is determined by the Compensation Committee, and there is no regular interval for the awarding
of Option grants. In general, a higher level of responsibility will result in a larger grant of Options. Because the number of
Options available is limited, in general, the Compensation Committee aims to have individuals at what it subjectively considers
to be the same levels of responsibility holding equivalent numbers of Options, with additional grants being allocated for individuals
who the Compensation Committee believes are in a position to more directly affect the success of the Company through their efforts. 

The
Compensation Committee looks at the overall number of Options held by an individual (plus the exercise prices and remaining terms
of existing Options and whether any previously granted Options have expired out of the money or were exercised) and takes such
information into consideration when reviewing proposed new grants. After considering the CEO s recommendations and the foregoing
factors, the resulting proposed Option grant (if any) is then submitted to the Board for approval. 

During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Compensation Committee approved all recommendations for the grant of Options proposed
by management, and the named executive officers were granted the following number of Options effective March 27, 2023, each with
an exercise price per share of 6.95 per share: Mr. Smith, 70,000 Options; Mr. Honan, 40,000 Options; and Mr. Shah, 40,000 Options.
These Options were fully vested on the grant date and generally remain exercisable until three years after the grant date. 

Employment
Agreements and Severance Arrangements 

The
Company and KMSmith, LLC KMSmith ), an entity controlled by Mark A. Smith, entered into a Consulting Agreement effective
September 23, 2013 (as amended, the Smith Agreement ). On August 31, 2020, the Company, KMSmith and 76 Resources,
Inc., an entity controlled by Mr. Smith, entered into a Contract Assignment and Novation Agreement, pursuant to which KMSmith
assigned all of its rights under the Smith Agreement to 76 Resources, Inc. and 76 Resources, Inc. assumed all of KMSmith s
obligations under the Smith Agreement by novation. On August 1, 2021, the Company, 76 Resources, Inc. and 76 Resources, LLC, an
entity controlled by Mr. Smith, entered into a Contract Assignment and Novation Agreement, pursuant to which 76 Resources, Inc.
assigned all of its rights under the Smith Agreement to 76 Resources, LLC and 76 Resources, LLC assumed all of 76 Resources, Inc. s
obligations 

104 

under the Smith Agreement by novation. Under the terms of the Smith Agreement, 76 Resources, LLC (as ultimate successor
in interest to KMSmith), through Mr. Smith, performs the duties and responsibilities of the CEO of the Company and related services,
for an indefinite term at a base rate of 297,000 per year, generally payable in equal monthly installments of 24,750. During
fiscal 2023, the Smith Agreement was amended to increase the base rate to 325,000 per year. Any bonuses and incentive payments
are payable at the discretion of the Board. Mr. Smith is eligible to receive Options under the 2017 Amended Long-Term Incentive
Plan, as determined by the Board. 

The
Company may terminate the Smith Agreement at any time without notice or payment if (1) 76 Resources, LLC commits a material breach
of the Smith Agreement (subject to a cure period in certain circumstances), (2) Mr. Smith dies or becomes permanently disabled,
or (3) certain other for cause scenarios occur (as further described in the Smith Agreement). In the event the Smith
Agreement is terminated by the Company for any other reason or if 76 Resources, LLC terminates the Smith Agreement on the occurrence
of a Triggering Event, the Company shall pay 76 Resources, LLC a lump sum termination fee equal to the base fee in effect at the
termination date as well as the average of any annual bonuses or other cash incentive payments for two calendar years immediately
preceding the year the termination occurs. A Triggering Event is defined as: a substantial change in the nature of services to
be performed by 76 Resources, LLC; a material breach by the Company of the Smith Agreement that is not remedied within 30 days
of notice; the cessation of the Company as a going concern; the failure of the Company to pay a material amount due pursuant to
the Smith Agreement within 30 days of the due date; or a material reduction in base fee or any other form of compensation payable
by the Company to 76 Resources, LLC, except where all senior executives or consultants of the Company are subject to relatively
similar reductions in such values. 76 Resources, LLC may terminate the Smith Agreement for a reason other than a Triggering Event
on 90 days written notice and, should the Company immediately accept such termination notice, it shall pay 76 Resources,
LLC the sum of 69,904. Should a change of control of the Company occur (as that term is defined in the Smith Agreement) and,
within one year, either a Triggering Event occurs and 76 Resources, LLC terminates the Smith Agreement or 76 Resources, LLC s
engagement is terminated by the Company under circumstances that would give rise to a termination payment in the absence of a
change of control, then 76 Resources, LLC shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to the base fee in effect at the termination
date as well as the average of any annual bonuses or other cash payments for two calendar years immediately preceding the year
the termination occurs. In the event 76 Resources, LLC is entitled to a termination payment with respect to a change of control,
any Options previously granted to Mr. Smith shall become fully vested and shall remain exercisable for the original term of grant
despite a termination of 76 Resources, LLC. Termination payments under the Smith Agreement are generally contingent on a release
of claims by 76 Resources, LLC. The Smith Agreement also includes customary confidentiality and six-month employee non-solicitation
provisions. 

If
the Smith Agreement is terminated by the Company for any reason other than as set out in the Smith Agreement, if 76 Resources,
LLC terminates the Smith Agreement on the occurrence of a Triggering Event, or should a change of control of the Company occur
and within one year, either a Triggering Event occurs and 76 Resources, LLC terminates the Smith Agreement or 76 Resources, LLC s
engagement is terminated without the occurrence of a Triggering Event, effective as of June 30, 2023, 76 Resources, LLC (as ultimate
successor in interest to KMSmith) would have been entitled to a payment of 325,000. 

As
previously disclosed, on September 25, 2022, in connection with our entry into the Business Combination Agreement, Messrs. Shah
and Honan (the Covered Officers entered into employment agreements with a United States affiliate (the U.S.
Affiliate of the Company (the Employment Agreements ). The Employment Agreements became effective upon the
closing of the GXII Transaction, and will continue until either the Covered Officer or the U.S. Affiliate terminates the Covered
Officer s employment for any reason. Pursuant to the Employment Agreements, Mr. Shah continues to serve as Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, and Mr. Honan continues to serve as the COO of the Company and serves as President of the U.S. Affiliate. 

The
Employment Agreement for Mr. Shah provides for an annual base salary of 220,000 per year, and Mr. Honan s Employment Agreement
provides for an annual base salary of 260,000 per year. The annual base salary rates for the Covered Officers will be reviewed
at least annually for potential increases. As described above, the base salary rates of Messrs. Shah and Honan were increased
in fiscal 2023. The Employment Agreements also provide each of the Covered Officers with eligibility to participate in (1) any
annual cash bonus plan and/or any long-term incentive compensation plan as may be established by the U.S. Affiliate or its affiliates,
and (2) any employee benefit plan, program, or policy of the U.S. Affiliate or its affiliates as may be in effect for senior executives
of the U.S. Affiliate or its affiliates generally. The Employment Agreements also include the following additional features: (1)
severance benefits upon certain qualifying terminations of employment, consisting of: (a) for a qualifying termination of the 

105 

Covered Officer s employment by the U.S. Affiliate without Cause (as such term is defined in the Employment Agreements)
that does not occur within two years after a Change in Control of the U.S. Affiliate (as defined in the Employment Agreements),
certain accrued obligations, plus 12 months of salary continuation, and (b) for a qualifying termination of the Covered Officer s
employment by the U.S. Affiliate without Cause or by the Covered Officer for Good Reason (as such term is defined in the Employment
Agreements) that occurs within two years after a Change in Control (a Change in Control Termination ), certain accrued
obligations, and a lump sum cash amount equal to two times the Covered Officer s annual base salary as in effect at the
time of such termination; and (2) a requirement that each Covered Executive execute a customary release of claims in favor of
the U.S. Affiliate to receive severance compensation. In connection with the Covered Officers entering into the Employment Agreements
each Covered Officer also entered into a restrictive covenant agreement (a Restrictive Covenant Agreement ). The
Restrictive Covenant Agreements will include customary restrictive covenants, including non-competition and non-solicitation obligations
that remain in effect both during the employment term and for one year following termination of the Covered Officer s employment
other than a Change in Control Termination (in which case the period will be two years following such Change in Control Termination),
as well as other customary restrictive covenants, such as confidentiality provisions. 

Stock
Options Under the 2017 Amended Long-Term Incentive Plan 

In
accordance with the 2017 Amended Long-Term Incentive Plan, the Company granted Options to its named executive officers during
the Company s 2023 fiscal year; no other equity-based awards were granted to the named executive officers during the 2023
fiscal year. 

The
following table sets forth the outstanding equity awards for each named executive officer at June 30, 2023. The Company has not
granted full value stock-based awards to any of its named executive officers. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at 2023 Fiscal Year-End 

Option Awards (1) 
 
 Name 
 Grant Date 
 Number
of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number
of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 Mark A. Smith 
 12/14/2020 
 50,000 
 
 5.66 (2) 
 12/14/2023 

12/17/2021 
 65,000 
 
 10.27 (2) 
 12/17/2024 

03/27/2023 
 70,000 
 
 6.95 
 03/27/2026 

Scott Honan 

11/15/2018 
 35,000 
 
 4.08 (2) 
 11/15/2023 

12/14/2020 
 25,000 
 
 5.66 (2) 
 12/14/2023 

12/17/2021 
 30,000 
 
 10.27 (2) 
 12/17/2024 

03/27/2023 
 40,000 
 
 6.95 
 03/27/2026 
 
 Neal Shah 

11/15/2018 
 35,000 
 
 4.08 (2) 
 11/15/2023 

12/14/2020 
 25,000 
 
 5.66 (2) 
 12/14/2023 

12/17/2021 
 30,000 
 
 10.27 (2) 
 12/17/2024 

03/27/2023 
 40,000 
 
 6.95 
 03/27/2026 

(1) In
connection with a reverse stock split effected by the Company on March 17, 2023, each then-outstanding Option then held by our
named executive officers was adjusted as follows: (a) the number of shares subject to each such Option was divided
by ten, with the resulting number rounded down to the nearest whole share; and (b) the exercise price applicable to each such
outstanding Option was multiplied by ten, with the resulting price rounded up to the nearest whole cent. The amounts set forth
in the table above with respect to options granted prior to March 27, 2023 reflect such adjustments. 

(2) Option
exercise price based on a spot exchange rate of C 1.324 to US 1.00 on June 30, 2023. 

106 

Retirement
Plan Benefits 

Messrs.
Honan and Shah are each eligible to participate in the Company s 401(k) savings plan, which is designed to reward continued
employment with the Company and assist participants with financial preparation for retirement. All amounts credited under the
401(k) savings plan relate to participant contributions. The Company does not currently make matching or other contributions to
the 401(k) savings plan. 

Termination
and Change of Control Benefits 

Except
as described above, the Company has not entered into any plans or arrangements in respect of remuneration received or that may
be received by the named executive officers in respect of compensating such officers or directors in the event of a change of
control, termination of employment (as a result of resignation, retirement, change of control, etc.) or a change in responsibilities
following a change of control. Options are generally subject to clawback provisions, and provide for post-employment exercise
periods, pursuant to the terms of such awards and the 2017 Amended Long-Term Incentive Plan. 

EQUITY
COMPENSATION PLANS 

The
Company has maintained equity compensation plans under which Options have been granted. Option grants have been determined by
the Company s directors and are only provided in compliance with applicable laws and regulatory policy. The following information
is provided with respect to compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities
were authorized for issuance as of June 30, 2023. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants, and Rights 
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants, and Rights 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Second Column) 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders (1) 
 1,541,500 
 7.28 
 1,578,713 (2) 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Security Holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total (3) 
 1,541,500 
 7.28 
 1,578,713 (3) 

(1) 
 Represents
 Options granted pursuant to the 2017 Amended Long-Term Incentive Plan. 

(2) 
 Generally,
 the aggregate number of Common Shares reserved for issuance to participants under the 2017 Amended Long-Term Incentive Plan,
 together with all other security-based compensation arrangements of the Company may not exceed 10 of the issued and outstanding
 Common Shares from time to time, and the Common Shares reserved for issuance upon settlement of share units shall not exceed
 5 of the issued and outstanding Common Shares from time to time. Common Shares subject to any grant (or any portion thereof)
 that are issued upon exercise or settlement, forfeited, surrendered, cancelled, unearned, or otherwise terminated will again
 be available for grant under the 2017 Amended Long-Term Incentive Plan. 

(3) 
 As of the date of this report there are: (i) 1,319,000 outstanding securities awarded under the 2017
Amended Long-Term Incentive Plan representing 4.01 of the Company s currently issued and outstanding Common Shares; and
(ii) 1,972,341 remaining securities available for grant representing 5.99 of the Company s currently issued and outstanding
Common Shares. 

Description
of the 2017 Amended Long-Term Incentive Plan 

On
November 5, 2020, NioCorp s shareholders approved the adoption of the 2017 Amended Long-Term Incentive Plan. 

107 

The
following table presents the burn rates for the 2017 Amended Long-Term Incentive Plan since inception: 

Fiscal Year Ending June 30 
 Number of awards granted (1) 
 Weighted average number of Common Shares outstanding (1) 
 Burn rate 
 
 2023 
 578,000 
 28,705,840 
 2.0 
 
 2022 
 447,500 
 26,373,722 
 1.7 
 
 2021 
 370,000 
 24,196,711 
 1.5 
 
 2020 
 
 23,461,012 
 0.0 

(1) 
 As
 noted above, the Company completed a Reverse Stock Split. For purposes of comparability across fiscal years in this table,
 amounts in these columns with respect to fiscal years prior to 2023 represent the original amounts adjusted to reflect the
 Reverse Stock Split. With respect to the number of awards granted in fiscal 2023, any actual grants made prior to the Reverse
 Stock Split have also been adjusted. 

PERFORMANCE
GRAPH 

The
following graph compares total cumulative shareholder return for 100 invested in Common Shares from July 1, 2018, to June 30,
2023, with cumulative total returns for the S P/TSX Composite Index and S P/TSX Mining Index: 

Overall,
the Company s cumulative return for the five-year period ended slightly below the range of returns for the two selected
indices. As an exploration stage company, executive officer compensation has not historically been adjusted to reflect share performance
trends. Compensation to executive officers remained flat from 2013 through February 2023, except for increases supported by additional
job responsibilities and/or job promotions. Effective September 1, 2019, the Board approved a 10 base rate increase for all NioCorp
employees and effective April 1, 2023, the Compensation Committee approved a base rate average increase of 12 for all NioCorp
employees. 

ITEM
 12. SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of Common Shares of NioCorp for the following: (1) each person who is known
by NioCorp to beneficially own more than 5 of the outstanding shares of NioCorp s Common 

108 

Shares; (2) each of the named
executive officers (as defined in the Fiscal 2023 Summary Compensation Table, above); (3) each of NioCorp s
directors; and (4) all directors and executive officers of NioCorp as a group. 

Beneficial
ownership of Common Shares in the table below is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment
power with respect to the Common Shares. Common Shares that may be acquired by an individual or group within 60 days of October 6, 2023, pursuant to the exercise of options to purchase Common Shares Options ), the exercise of Common Share
purchase warrants Warrants or the exchange of shares of Class B common stock of ECRC (formerly known as GXII),
are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of such individual or group but are not deemed
to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person shown in the table. Percentage of
ownership is based on 32,913,419 Common Shares outstanding as of October 6, 2023. Unless otherwise noted in the table below,
Options vested at the grant date. 

Except
as indicated in footnotes to this table, we believe that the shareholders named in this table have sole voting and investment
power with respect to all Common Shares shown to be beneficially owned by them, based on information provided to us by such shareholders.
Unless otherwise indicated, the address for each director and executive officer listed is: c/o NioCorp Developments Ltd., 7000
South Yosemite Street, Suite 115, Centennial, CO 80112. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Position 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1)(2) 
 
 Percent
 of 
 Common
 Shares 
 
 Mark A. Smith, PE, Esq. Highlands Ranch, Colorado, USA 
 Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Chairman and Director 
 2,226,795 
 (3) 
 6.73 
 
 Neal Shah Superior, Colorado, USA 
 Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary 
 185,000 
 (4) 

Scott Honan Centennial, Colorado, USA 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 184,452 
 (5) 

Jim Sims Golden Colorado, USA 
 VP External Affairs 
 152,928 
 (6) 

Michael J. Morris San Luis Obispo, California, USA 
 Lead Director 
 144,698 
 (7) 

David C. Beling Grand Junction, Colorado, USA 
 Director 
 168,391 
 (8) 

Anna Castner Wightman Omaha, Nebraska, USA 
 Director 
 127,462 
 (9) 

Nilsa Guerrero-Mahon Brighton, Colorado, USA 
 Director 
 121,068 
 (10) 

Dean Kehler New York, New York, USA 
 Director 
 4,364,991 
 (11) 
 13.26 
 
 Michael Maselli Pelham, New York, USA 
 Director 
 778,231 
 (12) 
 2.36 
 
 Peter Oliver Bunbury, Western Australia, Australia 
 Director 
 90,000 
 (13) 

All current directors, executive officers and named executive officers as a group (11 persons) 
 8,544,016 
 
 25.21 

Represents ownership of less than 1 . 

(1) Calculated
 in accordance with Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act. 

109 

(2) On
 March 17, 2023, NioCorp effected a 1-to-10 Reverse Stock Split of the Common Shares,
 with any fractional shares resulting from the Reverse Stock Split rounded down to the
 nearest whole share. All Options and Warrants outstanding as of March 17, 2023 were adjusted
 to reflect the Reverse Stock Split. Such Options and Warrants initially covered a number
 of shares equal to the amount reported herein times 10 (and at an exercise price equal
 to the amount reported herein divided by 10). Class B common stock of ECRC, which may
 be exchanged for Common Shares upon certain conditions, were issued on a post-Reverse
 Stock Split basis. 

(3) As
 of October 6, 2023, Mr. Smith beneficially owns 2,041,795 outstanding Common Shares.
 In addition, he beneficially owns 185,000 vested Options comprised of the following:
 (i) on December 14, 2020, Mr. Smith was granted 50,000 Options for a period of three
 years at a price of C 7.50 per Common share; (ii) on December 17, 2021, Mr. Smith was
 granted 65,000 Options for a period of three years at a price of C 13.60 per Common Share;
 and (iii) on March 27, 2023, Mr. Smith was granted 70,000 Options for a period of three
 years at a price of 6.95 per Common Share. 

(4) As
 of October 6, 2023, Mr. Shah beneficially owns 55,000 outstanding Common Shares. In
 addition, he beneficially owns 130,000 vested Options comprised of the following: (i)
 on November 15, 2018, Mr. Shah was granted 35,000 Options for a period of five years
 at a price of C 5.40 per Common Share, which vest over a period of 18 months with 100 
 having vested at this time; (ii) on December 14, 2020, Mr. Shah was granted 25,000 Options
 for a period of three years at a price of C 7.50 per Common share; (iii) on December
 17, 2021, Mr. Shah was granted 30,000 Options for a period of three years at a price
 of C 13.60 per Common Share; and (iv) on March 27, 2023, Mr. Shah was granted 40,000
 Options for a period of three years at a price of 6.95 per Common Share. 

(5) As
 of October 6, 2023, Mr. Honan beneficially owns 54,452 outstanding Common Shares.
 In addition, he beneficially owns 130,000 vested Options comprised of the following:
 (i) on November 15, 2018, Mr. Honan was granted 35,000 Options for a period of five years
 at a price of C 5.40 per Common Share, which vest over a period of 18 months with 100 
 having vested at this time; (ii) on December 14, 2020, Mr. Honan was granted 25,000 Options
 for a period of three years at a price of C 7.50 per Common share; (iii) on December
 17, 2021, Mr. Honan was granted 30,000 Options for a period of three years at a price
 of C 13.60 per Common Share; and (iv) on March 27, 2023, Mr. Honan was granted 40,000
 Options for a period of three years at a price of 6.95 per Common Share. 

(6) As
 of October 6, 2023, Mr. Sims beneficially owns 57,928 outstanding Common Shares. In
 addition, he beneficially owns 95,000 vested Options comprised of the following: (i)
 on December 14, 2020, Mr. Sims was granted 25,000 Options for a period of three years
 at a price of C 7.50 per Common share; (ii) on December 17, 2021, Mr. Sims was granted
 30,000 Options for a period of three years at a price of C 13.60 per Common Share; and
 (iii) on March 27, 2023, Mr. Sims was granted 40,000 Options for a period of three years
 at a price of 6.95 per Common Share. 

(7) As
 of October 6, 2023, Mr. Morris beneficially owns 62,198 outstanding Common Shares.
 He shares both voting and investment power with respect to 5,525 of such Common Shares
 with his wife as the only trustees of the Michael and Sandra Morris Trust. In addition,
 he beneficially owns 82,500 vested Options comprised of the following: (i) on December
 17, 2021, Mr. Morris was granted 32,500 Options for a period of three years at a price
 of C 13.60 per Common Share; and (ii) on March 27, 2023, Mr. Morris was granted 50,000
 Options for a period of three years at a price of 6.95 per Common Share. 

(8) As
 of October 6, 2023, Mr. Beling beneficially owns 70,891 outstanding Common Shares.
 In addition, he beneficially owns 97,500 vested Options comprised of the following: (i)
 on November 15, 2018, Mr. Beling was granted 30,000 Options for a period of five years
 at a price of C 5.40 per Common Share, which vest over a period of 18 months with 100 
 having vested at this time; (ii) on December 17, 2021, Mr. Beling was granted 27,500
 Options for a period of three years at a price of C 13.60 per Common Share; and (iii)
 on March 27, 2023, Mr. Beling was granted 40,000 Options for a period of three years
 at a price of 6.95 per Common Share. 

(9) As
of October 6, 2023, Ms. Wightman beneficially owns 29,562 outstanding Common Shares. She shares both voting and investment
power with respect to (i) 100 such Common Shares with her husband, (ii) 50 

110 

such Common Shares with a minor child and (iii) 50
such Common Shares with a minor child. In addition, she beneficially owns 97,500 vested Options comprised of the following: (i)
on November 15, 2018, Ms. Wightman was granted 30,000 Options for a period of five years at a price of C 5.40 per Common Share,
which vest over a period of 18 months with 100 having vested at this time; (ii) on December 17, 2021, Ms. Wightman was granted
27,500 Options for a period of three years at a price of C 13.60 per Common Share; and (iii) on March 27, 2023, Ms. Wightman was
granted 40,000 Options for a period of three years at a price of 6.95 per Common Share. 

(10) As
 of October 6, 2023, Ms. Guerrero-Mahon beneficially owns 46,068 Common Shares. In
 addition, she beneficially owns 75,000 vested Options comprised of the following: (i)
 on December 17, 2021, Ms. Guerrero-Mahon was granted 30,000 Options for a period of three
 years at a price of C 13.60 per Common Share; and (ii) on March 27, 2023, Ms. Guerrero-Mahon
 was granted 45,000 Options for a period of three years at a price of 6.95 per Common
 Share. 

(11) As
 of October 6, 2023, Mr. Kehler beneficially owns 2,511,918 Common Shares issuable
 upon the exchange of shares of Class B common stock of ECRC comprised of the following:
 (i) 1,441,290 Common Shares issuable up issuable upon the exchange of shares of Class
 B common stock of ECRC that are vested as of the date hereof Vested Shares 
 (ii) 535,314 Common Shares issuable upon the exchange of shares of Class B common stock
 of ECRC that will vest when the volume-weighted average price of the Common Shares on
 the principal exchange of the Common Shares as reported by Bloomberg VWAP equals or exceeds approximately 12.00 per share for 20 of any 30 consecutive trading
 days during from March 17, 2023 to March 17, 2033 (such period, the Earnout Share
 Period on any stock exchange on which the Common Shares are then trading (such
 Common Shares, the Tranche I Earnout Shares and (iii) 535,314 Common
 Shares issuable upon the exchange of shares of Class B common stock of ECRC that will
 vest when the VWAP of the Common Shares equals or exceeds approximately 15.00 per share
 for 20 of any 30 consecutive trading days during the Earnout Share Period on any stock
 exchange on which the Common Shares are then trading (such Common Shares, the Tranche
 II Earnout Shares ). He shares both voting and investment power with respect to
 (i) 318,480 such Vested Shares with U.S. Trust Company of Delaware, as co-trustee of
 the Elizabeth Kehler 2012 Family Trust under Declaration of Trust dated December 12,
 2012 (the Elizabeth Kehler Trust (ii) 118,284 such Tranche I Earnout
 Shares with U.S. Trust Company of Delaware, as co-trustee of the Elizabeth Kehler Trust;
 and (iii) 118,284 such Tranche II Earnout Shares with U.S. Trust Company of Delaware,
 as co-trustee of the Elizabeth Kehler Trust. In addition, Mr. Kehler beneficially owns
 1,853,073 Common Shares issuable upon exercise of 1,657,057 Warrants issued in connection
 with the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of
 September 25, 2022, among the Company, GX Acquisition Corp. II and Big Red Merger Sub
 Ltd. (the NioCorp Assumed Warrants ), held by Mr. Kehler. 

(12) As
 of October 6, 2023, Mr. Maselli beneficially owns 563,081 Common Shares issuable upon
 the exchange of shares of Class B common stock of ECRC comprised of the following: (i)
 323,085 Vested Shares; (ii) 119,998 Tranche I Earnout Shares; and (iii) 119,998 Tranche
 II Earnout Shares. In addition, Mr. Maselli beneficially owns 215,150 Common Shares issuable
 upon exercise of 192,392 NioCorp Assumed Warrants held by Mr. Maselli. 

(13) As
 of October 6, 2023, Mr. Oliver beneficially owns 90,000 vested Options comprised of
 the following: (i) on May 30, 2022, Mr. Oliver was granted 50,000 Options for a period
 of three years at a price of C 11.00; and (ii) on March 27, 2023, Mr. Oliver was granted
 40,000 Options for a period of three years at a price of 6.95 per Common Share. 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 

As
of October 6, 2023, the Company is not aware of any persons that beneficially own more than 5 of its outstanding Common Shares
who does not serve as an executive officer or director of the Company. 

111 

ITEM
 13. CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
following sets forth certain information regarding transactions between the Company (and its subsidiaries) and its officers, directors,
and significant shareholders. There have been no other transactions since the end of the Company s most recently completed
fiscal year and there are no currently proposed transactions in which the Company was or is to be a participant and the amount
involved exceeds 120,000, and in which any related person (for purposes of Item 404 of Regulation S-K) had or will have a direct
or indirect material interest. 

Loan
Transactions: 

Mr.
Smith is our Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Chairman, and Director. On January 16, 2017, the Company and Mr. Smith
entered into a credit agreement (the Smith Credit Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Smith agreed to make available
to the Company a credit facility of initially up to 2,000,000. On January 17, 2020, the Company entered into an amending agreement
to the Smith Credit Agreement, increasing the limit of the credit facility to 2,500,000 from the previous limit of 2,000,000.
On April 3, 2020, the Smith Credit Agreement was amended to increase the limit of the credit facility to 3,000,000 and on June
10, 2020, the Smith Credit Agreement was amended to increase the limit of the credit facility to 3,500,000. In addition, on June
10, 2020, the maturity date for the Smith Credit Agreement was extended to December 15, 2020. On December 14, 2020, the maturity
date for the Smith Credit Agreement was extended to December 15, 2021. On December 13, 2021, the maturity date for the Smith Credit
Agreement was extended to June 30, 2022. On June 29, 2022, the maturity date for the Smith Credit Agreement was extended to June
30, 2023. On February 28, 2023, the Smith Credit Agreement was amended to increase the borrowing limit to 4,000,000 from the
previous limit of 3,500,000. The Company subsequently drew down 1,130,000, leaving an available balance under the Smith Credit
Agreement of 52,000. 

The
largest aggregate amount of principal outstanding under the Smith Credit Agreement during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022
was 3,130,000 and 2,318,000, respectively. Principal repayments of 3,130,000 and 318,000 were made under the Smith Credit
Agreement during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. In addition, interest payments of 183,343 and 251,741
were paid under the Smith Credit Agreement during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and 0 of interest remained
payable as of June 30, 2023. As of June 30, 2023, all principal and accrued interest outstanding under the Smith Credit Agreement
had been repaid and the Smith Credit Agreement expired on June 30, 2023. Accounts payable and accrued liabilities as of June 30,
2023, includes 28,250 of origination fees payable under the Smith Credit Agreement. 

Review,
Approval or Ratification of Related Person Transactions 

Other
than as described below, the Company does not currently have in place any specific policy or procedure in respect of the review,
approval or ratification of any transaction required to be reported under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. Sections 147-153 of the
BCBCA set out rules and procedures applicable to all British Columbia corporations, pursuant to which a director presented with
a resolution in respect of any matter (including an equity issuance) in respect of which he/she has an interest must disclose
that interest in writing to the corporation s board of directors prior to the approval of such matter. This procedure ensures
that each equity issuance to a director or officer of the Company is approved by all directors of the Company not involved in
such sale. All loan transactions from directors and officers are subject to review and approval by the Board prior to acceptance
and are documented in the meeting minutes. 

ITEM
 14. PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The following table presents fees for
professional services rendered by BDO USA, P.C. (formerly known as BDO USA, LLP) Certified Public Accountants BDO for each of the last two fiscal years for the audit of the Company s annual consolidated financial statements and review of consolidated financial
statements included in the Company s filings and fees billed for other services rendered by BDO during those periods. 

Fiscal
 Year Ending June 30, 
 Audit
 Fees (1) ) 
 Audit-Related
 Fees (2) ) 
 Tax
 Fees (3) ) 
 All
 Other Fees (4) ) 
 
 2023 
 1,205,765 
 
 23,356 

2022 
 181,920 
 
 14,551 

112 

(1) Audit
 Fees include fees necessary to perform the annual audit and quarterly reviews
 of the Company s consolidated financial statements. Audit Fees include fees for
 review of tax provisions and for accounting consultations on matters reflected in the
 consolidated financial statements. Audit Fees also include audit or other attest services required
 by legislation or regulation, such as comfort letters, consents, reviews of securities
 filings and statutory audits. 

(2) Audit-Related
 Fees include services that are traditionally performed by the auditor. These audit-related
 services include employee benefit audits, due diligence assistance, accounting consultations
 on proposed transactions, internal control reviews and audit or attest services not required
 by legislation or regulation. 

(3) Tax
 Fees include fees for all tax services other than those included in Audit
 Fees and Audit-Related Fees. This category includes fees for tax
 compliance, tax planning and tax advice. Tax planning and tax advice includes assistance
 with tax audits and appeals, tax advice related to mergers and acquisitions, and requests
 for rulings or technical advice from tax authorities. For the financial years ended June
 30, 2023 and 2022, these tax services included the preparation of Canadian and U.S. federal
 and state tax returns and tax planning and tax advice services. 

(4) All
 Other Fees includes all other non-audit services. 

Pre-approval
Policies 

The policy of the Audit Committee of the
Board (the Audit Committee has been to pre-approve all audit, audit-related and non-audit services performed by
our independent auditors and to subsequently review the actual fees and expenses paid to our independent auditors. Accordingly,
the Audit Committee pre-approved all audit, audit-related and non-audit services performed by BDO and subsequently reviewed the
actual fees and expenses paid to BDO. The Audit Committee has determined that the fees paid to BDO for services are compatible
with maintaining BDO s independence as our auditors. All of the services provided by BDO during the year ended June 30,
2023, were approved by the Audit Committee pursuant to paragraph (c)(7)(i)(C) of Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X. 

113 

PART
IV 

ITEM 
 15. EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

The
following documents are filed as a part of this report: 

(a) Financial
 Statements 

(1) The Consolidated Financial Statements, together with the report thereon of BDO USA, P.C. dated October 6, 2023, are included as part of Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, commencing on page 60
above. 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms ; PCAOB ID# 
 
 60 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 64 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 
 65 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 66 

Consolidated
 Statements of Shareholders (Deficit) Equity and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest 
 
 67 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 68 

(a) Exhibits 

Exhibit
No. 
 
 Title 

2.1(1) 
 
 Business
 Combination Agreement, dated September 25, 2022, by and among NioCorp Developments Ltd., GX Acquisition Corp. II and Big Red
 Merger Sub Ltd 
 
 3.1(2) 
 
 Notice
 of Articles of NioCorp Developments Ltd., dated April 5, 2016 
 
 3.2(2) 
 
 Articles
 of NioCorp Developments Ltd., as amended, effective as of January 27, 2015 
 
 3.3(3) 
 
 Amendment
 to Articles, effective March 17, 2023 
 
 4.1(4) 
 
 Convertible
 Security Funding Agreement, dated February 16, 2021, between the Company and Lind Global Asset Management III, LLC 
 
 4.2(4) 
 
 Form
 of Lind III Warrant Certificate 
 
 4.3(5) 
 
 Amendment
 #1 to Convertible Security Funding Agreement, dated December 2, 2021, between the Company and Lind Global Asset Management
 III, LLC 
 
 4.4(6) 
 
 Waiver
 and Consent Agreement, dated September 25, 2022, between NioCorp Developments Ltd. and Lind Global Asset Management III, LLC 
 
 4.5(7) 
 
 Form
 of Subscription Agreement in respect of units of the Company issued in June 2022 
 
 4.6(7) 
 
 Form
 of Warrants issued in June 2022 
 
 4.7(8) 
 
 Non-Transferable
 Broker Warrant Certificate, dated June 30, 2022, in respect of non-transferable broker warrants issued to Research Capital
 Corporation 
 
 4.8(8) 
 
 Non-Transferable
 Broker Warrant Certificate, dated June 30, 2022, in respect of non-transferable broker warrants issued to Red Cloud Securities,
 Inc. 
 
 4.9(1) 
 
 Sponsor
 Support Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2022, by and among GX Acquisition Corp. II, NioCorp Developments Ltd., GX Sponsor
 II LLC, in its capacity as a shareholder of GX Acquisition Corp. II, and certain other shareholders of GX Acquisition Corp.
 II 
 
 4.10(9) 
 
 Joinder
 to Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2023, by and among NioCorp Developments Ltd. and each of the Holders party
 thereto 
 
 4.11(3) 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2023, by and among NioCorp Developments Ltd., GX Acquisition
 Corp. II, GX Sponsor II LLC, certain holders of the common shares of the NioCorp Developments Ltd. listed on Schedule 1 thereto,

114 

certain current and former stockholders of GX Acquisition Corp. II, and other persons and entities listed on Schedule 2 thereto 
 
 4.12(3) 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement Joinder, dated as of March 17, 2023, by and among NioCorp Developments Ltd. and each of the parties listed
 on Schedule A thereto 
 
 4.13(3) 
 
 Exchange
 Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2023, by and among NioCorp Developments Ltd., GX Acquisition Corp. II and GX Sponsor II LLC 
 
 4.14(9) 
 
 Joinder
 to Exchange Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2023, by and among NioCorp Developments Ltd., Elk Creek Resources Corp (f/k/a
 GX Acquisition Corp. II) and each of the Holders party thereto 
 
 4.15(10) 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement, dated March 17, 2021, by and between GX Acquisition Corp. II and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company 
 
 4.16(3) 
 
 Assignment,
 Assumption and Amendment Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2023, by and among GX Acquisition Corp. II, NioCorp Developments
 Ltd., Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as the existing Warrant Agent, and Computershare Inc. and its affiliate
 Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as the successor Warrant Agent 
 
 4.17(3) 
 
 Form
 of Warrant (included in Exhibit 4.16) 
 
 4.18(11) 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 26, 2023, by and between NioCorp Developments Ltd. and each of the investors listed
 on the Schedule of Buyers attached thereto 
 
 4.19(12) 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 24, 2023, by and between NioCorp Developments Ltd. and YA II PN, Ltd. 
 
 4.20(12) 
 
 Form
 of Convertible Debenture (included in Exhibit 4.19) 
 
 4.21(11) 
 
 Form
 of Financing Warrants (included in Exhibit 4.18) 
 
 4.22(11) 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated as of January 26, 2023, by and between NioCorp Developments Ltd. and YA II PN, Ltd. 
 
 4.23(13) 
 
 Form
 of Subscription Agreement in respect of units issued in September 2023 
 
 4.24(13) 
 
 Form
 of Warrants issued in September 2023 
 
 4.25 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10.1(14)# 
 
 NioCorp
 Developments Ltd. Long Term Incentive Plan, effective as of November 9, 2017 
 
 10.2(2)# 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement, dated May 13, 2014, between the Company and KMSmith, LLC 
 
 10.3(15)# 
 
 Amendment
 to Contract, dated September 1, 2019, between the Company and KMSmith, LLC 
 
 10.4(15)# 
 
 Contract
 Assignment and Novation Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2020, among the Company, KMSmith, LLC and 76 Resources, Inc. 
 
 10.5(16)# 
 
 Contract
 Assignment and Novation Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2021, among the Company, 76 Resources, Inc. and 76 Resources, LLC 
 
 10.6(17)# 
 
 Amendment
 to Contract, dated April 1, 2023, between the Company and 76 Resources, LLC 
 
 10.7(18) 
 
 Offtake
 agreement, dated June 13, 2006, between the Company and CMC Cometals, a division of Commercial Metals Company 
 
 10.8(19) 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to Offtake Agreement, dated April 13, 2020, between the Company and Traxys North America LLC, as assignee 
 
 10.9(20) 
 
 Offtake
 agreement with ThyssenKrupp Metallurgical Products GmbH 
 
 10.10(15) ,

Woltemath
 003J Amended and Restated Option to Purchase, dated January 4, 2017, among ECRC and Victor L. and Juanita E. Woltemath 
 
 10.11(15) ,

Woltemath
 003J Extension to Option to Purchase, dated December 23, 2019, among ECRC and Victor L. and Juanita E. Woltemath 
 
 10.12(21) 
 
 Security
 Agreement, dated June 17, 2015, from the Company to Mark Smith 
 
 10.13(22)# 
 
 NioCorp
 Developments Ltd. Long Term Incentive Plan, as amended 
 
 10.14(11) 
 
 Standby
 Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 26, 2023, by and between NioCorp Developments Ltd. and YA II PN, Ltd. 
 
 10.15(3)# 
 
 Form
 of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement 
 
 10.16(1)# 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2022, by and between Elk Creek Resources Corporation and Neal Shah 
 
 10.17(1)# 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2022, by and between Elk Creek Resources Corporation and Scott Honan 
 
 10.18(1)# 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2022, by and between Elk Creek Resources Corporation and Jim Sims 
 
 10.19(1)# 
 
 Form
 of Restrictive Covenant Agreement 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of NioCorp Developments Ltd. 

115 

23.1 
 
 Consent of BDO USA, P.C. 
 
 23.2 
 
 Consent of Dahrouge Geological Consulting USA Ltd. 
 
 23.3 
 
 Consent of Understood Mineral Resources Ltd. 
 
 23.4 
 
 Consent of Optimize Group Inc. 
 
 23.5 
 
 Consent of Tetra Tech 
 
 23.6 
 
 Consent of Adrian Brown Consultants Inc. 
 
 23.7 
 
 Consent of Magemi Mining Inc. 
 
 23.8 
 
 Consent of L3 Process Development 
 
 23.9 
 
 Consent of Olsson 
 
 23.10 
 
 Consent of A2GC 
 
 23.11 
 
 Consent of Metallurgy Concept Solutions 
 
 23.12 
 
 Consent of Scott Honan, M.Sc., SME-RM, NioCorp 
 
 23.13 
 
 Consent of Everett Bird, P.E., Cementation 
 
 23.14 
 
 Consent of Matt Hales, P.E., Cementation 
 
 23.15 
 
 Consent of Mahmood Khwaja, P.E., CDM Smith 
 
 23.16 
 
 Consent of Martin Lepage, P.Eng., Cementation 
 
 23.17 
 
 Consent of Wynand Marx, M.Eng., BBE Consulting 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 96.1(8) 
 
 S-K
 1300 Elk Creek Technical Report Summary 
 
 101.INS(23) 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH(23) 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL(23) 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculations 
 
 101.DEF(23) 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions 
 
 101.LAB(23) 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels 
 
 101.PRE(23) 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentations 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted
 as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

# Management
compensation plan, arrangement or agreement. 

Portions
of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K, which portions will be furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission upon request. 

Certain
exhibits to this agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted exhibit will
be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

(1) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55710) filed with the SEC on September
 29, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(2) 
 Previously filed
 as an exhibit to the Company s Draft Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 377-01354) submitted to the
 SEC on July 26, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(3) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55710) filed with the SEC on March 17,
 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(4) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55710) filed with the SEC on February
 17, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

116 

(5) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 000-55710) filed with the SEC on February
 4, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(6) 
 Previously filed
 as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Registration No. 333-268227) filed with the SEC on
 November 7, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(7) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55710) filed with the SEC on June 30,
 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(8) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-55710) filed with the SEC on September
 6, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(9) 
 Previously filed
 as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-271268) filed with the SEC on April
 14, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(10) 
 Previously filed
 as an exhibit to Elk Creek Resources Corp. s (f/k/a GX Acquisition Corp. II) Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40226)
 filed with the SEC on March 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(11) 
 Previously filed
 as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55710) filed with the SEC on January 27, 2023
 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(12) 
 Previously filed
 as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55710) filed with the SEC on February 24, 2023
 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(13) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55710) filed with the SEC on September
 1, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(14) 
 Previously filed
 as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55710) filed with the SEC on November 13, 2017
 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(15) 
 Previously filed
 as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-55710) filed with the SEC on September 16, 2020
 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(16) 
 Previously filed
 as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-55710) filed with the SEC on September 8, 2021
 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(17) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 on
 Form S-1 (File No. 333-271268) filed with the SEC on August 22, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(18) 
 Previously filed
 as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-213451) filed with the SEC on
 September 2, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(19) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A (File No. 000-55710) filed with
 the SEC on October 31, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(20) 
 Previously filed
 as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-55710) filed with the SEC on August 29, 2017
 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(21) 
 Previously filed
 as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-217272) filed with the SEC on
 April 12, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(22) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55710) filed with the SEC on November
 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(23) 
 Submitted
 Electronically Herewith. Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting
 Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 

117 

2022, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations
 and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for
 the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended June
 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, (v) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

ITEM 16. FORM
 10 K SUMMARY 

None. 

118 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NIOCORP DEVELOPMENTS LTD. 

By: 
 /s/ Neal
 Shah 

Neal
Shah 
 Chief
Financial Officer 

October 6, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on October 6, 2023. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 /s/ Mark
 A. Smith 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer
 (Principal 
 
 Mark A. Smith 
 
 Executive Officer and Authorized
 U.S. Representative) 

and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

/s/ Neal
 Shah 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal
 Financial and 
 
 Neal Shah 
 
 Accounting Officer) 

/s/
Michael Morris 
 
 Director 
 
 Michael Morris 

/s/
David C. Beling 
 
 Director 
 
 David C. Beling 

/s/
Anna Castner Wightman 
 
 Director 
 
 Anna Castner Wightman 

/s/ Nilsa
 Guerrero-Mahon 
 
 Director 
 
 Nilsa Guerrero-Mahon 

/s/ Dean
 C. Kehler 
 
 Director 
 
 Dean C. Kehler 

/s/
 Michael G. Maselli 
 
 Director 

Michael G. Maselli 

/s/ Peter
 Oliver 
 
 Director 
 
 Peter Oliver 

119 

<EX-4.25>
 2
 n2574_x163ex4-25.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.25 

DESCRIPTION
OF Securities 

Common
Shares 

The
authorized capital of NioCorp Developments Ltd., a British Columbia corporation (the Company ), consists of an unlimited
number of Common Shares, without par value. The holders of Common Shares are entitled to receive notice of and attend all meetings
of shareholders, with each Common Share held entitling the holder to one vote on any resolution to be passed at such shareholder
meetings. The holders of Common Shares are entitled to dividends if, as and when declared by the Company s Board of Directors.
The Common Shares are entitled, upon liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company, to receive the remaining assets of
the Company available for distribution to shareholders. There are no pre-emptive, conversion, or redemption rights attached to
the Common Shares. 

Exchange
Controls 

There
are no governmental laws, decrees, or regulations in Canada that restrict the export or import of capital, including foreign exchange
controls, or that affect the remittance of dividends, interest or other payments to non-resident holders of the securities of
the Company, other than as discussed below and Canadian withholding tax. See Certain Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations
for U.S. Residents below. 

Competition
Act 

Limitations
on the ability to acquire and hold Common Shares may be imposed by the Competition Act (Canada). This legislation permits the
Commissioner of Competition of Canada (the Commissioner to review any acquisition of a significant interest in
the Company. This legislation grants the Commissioner jurisdiction to challenge such an acquisition before the Canadian Competition
Tribunal if the Commissioner believes that it would, or would be likely to, result in a substantial lessening or prevention of
competition in any market in Canada. 

Investment
Canada Act 

The
Investment Canada Act subjects an acquisition of control of a company by a non-Canadian to government review if the enterprise
value (or in some cases, asset value) of such company, as calculated pursuant to the legislation, exceeds a threshold amount.
A reviewable acquisition may not proceed unless the relevant minister is satisfied that the investment is likely to result in
a net benefit to Canada. Under the national-security-review regime in the Investment Canada Act, review on a discretionary basis
may also be undertaken by the federal government in respect of a broad range of investments by a non-Canadian. No financial threshold
applies to a national security review. The relevant test is whether such investment by a non-Canadian could be injurious
to national security. 

Certain
Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations for U.S. Residents 

The
following generally summarizes certain Canadian federal income tax consequences generally applicable under the Income
Tax Act (Canada) and the regulations enacted thereunder (collectively, the Canadian Tax Act and the Canada-United
States Tax Convention (1980) (the Convention to the holding and disposition of Common Shares. 

Comment
is restricted to holders of Common Shares each of whom, at all material times for the purposes of the Canadian Tax Act and the
Convention, (i) is resident solely in the United States for tax purposes, (ii) is a qualifying person under and
entitled to the benefits of the Convention, (iii) holds all Common Shares as capital property, (iv) holds no Common Shares that
are taxable Canadian property (as defined in the Canadian Tax Act) of the holder, (v) deals at arm s length
with and is not affiliated with the Company, (vi) does not and is not deemed to use or hold any Common Shares in a business carried
on in Canada, (vii) is not an insurer that carries on business in Canada and elsewhere, and (viii) is not an authorized
foreign bank (as defined in the Canadian Tax Act) (each such holder, a U.S. Resident Holder ). 

Certain
U.S.-resident entities that are fiscally transparent for United States federal income tax purposes (including limited liability
companies) may not in all circumstances be entitled to the benefits of the Convention. 

Members of or holders of an interest in
such an entity that holds Common Shares should consult their own tax advisers regarding the extent, if any, to which the benefits
of the Convention will apply to the entity in respect of its Common Shares. 

Generally,
a U.S. Resident Holder s Common Shares will be considered to be capital property of such holder provided that the U.S. Resident
Holder is not a trader or dealer in securities, did not acquire, hold, or dispose of the Common Shares in one or more transactions
considered to be an adventure or concern in the nature of trade i.e. , speculation) and does not hold the Common Shares
in the course of carrying on a business. 

This
summary is based on the current provisions of the Canadian Tax Act and the Convention in effect as of the date prior to the date
hereof, all specific proposals to amend the Canadian Tax Act and Convention publicly announced by or on behalf of the Minister
of Finance (Canada) prior to the date hereof, and the current published administrative policies and assessing practices of the
Canada Revenue Agency (the CRA ). It is assumed that all such amendments will be enacted as currently proposed, and
that there will be no other material change to any applicable law or administrative policy or assessing practice, whether by way
of judicial, legislative or governmental decision or action, although no assurance can be given in these respects. This summary
is not exhaustive of all possible Canadian federal income tax considerations. Except as otherwise expressly provided, this summary
does not take into account any provincial, territorial, or foreign tax considerations, which may differ materially from those
set out herein. 

This
summary is of a general nature only, is not exhaustive of all possible Canadian federal income tax considerations, and is not
intended to be and should not be construed as legal or tax advice to any particular U.S. Resident Holder. U.S. Resident Holders
are urged to consult their own tax advisers for advice with respect to their particular circumstances. The discussion below is
qualified accordingly. 

Generally,
a U.S. Resident Holder s Common Shares will not constitute taxable Canadian property of such holder at a particular
time at which the Common Shares are listed on a designated stock exchange (which currently includes the Toronto
Stock Exchange (the TSX and the Nasdaq) unless both of the following conditions are concurrently met: 

(i) at
 any time during the 60-month period that ends at the particular time, 25 or more of
 the issued shares of any class of the capital stock of the Company were owned by or belonged
 to one or any combination of: 

(A) the
 U.S. Resident Holder; 

(B) persons
 with whom the U.S. Resident Holder did not deal at arm s length; and 

(C) partnerships
 in which the U.S. Resident Holder or a person referred to in clause (B) holds a membership
 interest directly or indirectly through one or more partnerships; and 

(ii) at
 any time during the 60-month period that ends at the particular time, more than 50 of
 the fair market value of the Common Shares was derived directly or indirectly from, one
 or any combination of, real or immovable property situated in Canada, Canadian
 resource properties (as defined in the Canadian Tax Act), timber resource
 properties (as defined in the Canadian Tax Act), or options in respect of, or
 interests in any of the foregoing, whether or not the property exists. 

Common
Shares may also be deemed to be taxable Canadian property in certain circumstances set out in the Canadian Tax Act. 

A
U.S. Resident Holder who disposes or is deemed to dispose of one or more Common Shares generally should not thereby incur any
liability for Canadian federal income tax in respect of any capital gain arising as a consequence of the disposition. 

A
U.S. Resident Holder to whom the Company pays or credits or is deemed to pay or credit a dividend on such holder s Common
Shares will be subject to Canadian withholding tax, and the Company will be required to 

withhold the tax from the dividend and
remit it to the CRA for the holder s account. The rate of withholding tax under the Canadian Tax Act is 25 of the gross
amount of the dividend, but should generally be reduced under the Convention to 15 (or, if the U.S. Resident Holder is a company
which is the beneficial owner of at least 10 of the voting stock of the Company, 5 of the gross amount of the dividend. For
this purpose, a company that is a resident of the United States for purposes of the Canadian Tax Act and the Convention and is
entitled to the benefits of the Convention shall be considered to own the voting stock of the Company owned by an entity that
is considered fiscally transparent under the laws of the United States and that is not a resident of Canada, in proportion to
such company s ownership interest in that entity. 

Warrants 

From
time to time, the Company has outstanding Common Share purchase warrants, with each Common Share purchase warrant exercisable
for one Common Share. The exercise price per Common Share and the number of Common Shares issuable upon exercise of Common Share
purchase warrants is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events, including, but not limited to, the following: 

the
 subdivision or re-division of the outstanding Common Shares into a greater number of
 Common Shares; 

the
 reduction, combination or consolidation of the outstanding Common Shares into a lesser
 number of Common Shares; 

the
 issuance of Common Shares or securities exchangeable for, or convertible into, Common
 Shares to all or substantially all of the holders of Common Shares by way of stock dividend
 or other distribution (other than a distribution of Common Shares upon the exercise of
 Common Share purchase warrants or any outstanding options); 

the
 reorganization of the Company or the consolidation or merger or amalgamation of the Company
 with or into another corporate body; and 

a
 reclassification or other similar change to the outstanding Common Shares. 

The
Company will issue the Common Shares issuable upon exercise of Common Share purchase warrants within five business days following
its receipt of notice of exercise and payment of the exercise price, subject to surrender of the Common Share purchase warrants.
Prior to the exercise of any Common Share purchase warrants, holders of the Common Share purchase warrants will not have any of
the rights of holders of the Common Shares issuable upon exercise, including the right to vote or to receive any payments of dividends
on the Common Shares issuable upon exercise. 

NioCorp
Assumed Warrants 

On
March 17, 2023 (the Closing Date ), the Company closed a series of transactions (the GXII Transaction pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2022 (the Business Combination Agreement ),
by and among the Company, GX Acquisition Corp. II, a Delaware corporation GXII ), and Big Red Merger Sub Ltd., a
Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. In connection with the closing of the GXII Transaction
(the Closing ), pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, the Company assumed GXII s obligations under
the Warrant Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2021 (the GXII Warrant Agreement ), by and between GXII and Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company CST ), as warrant agent, and each share purchase warrant of GXII thereunder (the
 GXII Warrants that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Closing Date was converted into one Common
Share purchase warrant (the NioCorp Assumed Warrants pursuant to the GXII Warrant Agreement, as amended by an Assignment,
Assumption and Amendment Agreement, dated the Closing Date (the GXII Warrant Agreement, as so amended, the NioCorp Assumed
Warrant Agreement ), among the Company, GXII, CST, as existing warrant agent, and Computershare Inc. and its affiliate Computershare
Trust Company, N.A, together as successor warrant agent (the NioCorp Assumed Warrant Agent ). In connection with
the Closing, NioCorp issued (a) 9,999,959 public NioCorp Assumed Warrants in respect of the GXII Warrants that were publicly traded
prior to the Closing and (b) 5,666,667 NioCorp Assumed Warrants to GX Sponsor II LLC (the Sponsor in respect of
the GXII Warrants that it held prior to the 

Closing, which NioCorp Assumed Warrants were subsequently distributed by the Sponsor
to its members in connection with the Closing. 

Both
the public NioCorp Assumed Warrants and the NioCorp Assumed Warrants issued to the Sponsor are subject to the terms of the NioCorp
Assumed Warrant Agreement and are identical, with certain exceptions applicable to the NioCorp Assumed Warrants issued to the
Sponsor for so long as such NioCorp Assumed Warrants are held by the Sponsor, its members, or their respective affiliates and
other permitted transferees. In accordance with the NioCorp Assumed Warrant Agreement, any NioCorp Assumed Warrants issued to
the Sponsor that are held by someone other than the Sponsor, its members, or their respective affiliates and other permitted transferees,
are treated as public NioCorp Assumed Warrants. 

Each
NioCorp Assumed Warrant is exercisable on and after April 16, 2023 until its expiration for 1.11829212 Common Shares at a price
of 11.50 per 1.11829212 Common Shares (subject to adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like). Under the terms of NioCorp Assumed Warrant Agreement, for so long as the NioCorp Assumed Warrants issued to the
Sponsor are held by the Sponsor, its members, or their respective affiliates and other permitted transferees, such holders have
the right to elect to exercise those NioCorp Assumed Warrants on a cashless basis. For such NioCorp Assumed Warrants exercised
on a cashless basis after the Closing, the holder will be entitled to pay the exercise price for those NioCorp Assumed Warrants
by surrendering all or portion of the cash and/or Common Shares (valued at their fair market value) into which those NioCorp Assumed
Warrants are exercisable as shall be elected by the holder. For this purpose, Common Shares so surrendered will be deemed to have
a fair market value equal to the average reported last sale price of the Common Shares for the 10 trading days ending
on the third trading day prior to the date of exercise of the applicable NioCorp Assumed Warrants. 

The
NioCorp Assumed Warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on March 17, 2028 or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The
Company will not be obligated to deliver any Common Shares pursuant to the exercise of a NioCorp Assumed Warrant and will have
no obligation to settle such exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Common Shares
underlying the NioCorp Assumed Warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company
satisfying its obligations described below with respect to registration. No NioCorp Assumed Warrant will be exercisable and the
Company will not be obligated to issue Common Shares upon exercise of a NioCorp Assumed Warrant unless Common Shares issuable
upon such exercise have been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence
of the registered holder of the NioCorp Assumed Warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences
are not satisfied with respect to a NioCorp Assumed Warrant, the holder of such NioCorp Assumed Warrant will not be entitled to
exercise such NioCorp Assumed Warrant and such NioCorp Assumed Warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will
the Company be required to net cash settle any NioCorp Assumed Warrant. 

The
NioCorp Assumed Warrants, and the underlying Common Shares issuable upon the exercise thereof, were registered under the Securities
Act pursuant to the Company s registration statement on Form S-4, originally filed on November 7, 2022, as subsequently
amended, which was declared effective by the SEC on February 8, 2023. The Company expects the ongoing registered offering of the
Common Shares underlying the NioCorp Assumed Warrants to be conducted pursuant to the Company s registration statement on
Form S-3, which was filed on April 14, 2023 and which the Company expects to post-effectively amend to convert such registration
statement to Form S-1. 

The
Company will have the right to call the public NioCorp Assumed Warrants for redemption at any time following the Closing Date: 

in whole and not in
 part; 

at a price of 0.01
 per NioCorp Assumed Warrant; 

upon not less than 30
 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each public NioCorp Assumed
 Warrant holder; 

if, and only if, the
 reported last sale price of the Common Shares equals or exceeds approximately 16.10 per share (subject to certain adjustments)
 for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing once the NioCorp Assumed Warrants become exercisable and
 ending three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the public NioCorp Assumed Warrant holders;
 and 

if there is an effective
 registration statement covering the Common Shares issuable upon exercise of the NioCorp Assumed Warrants, and a current prospectus
 relating thereto, available throughout the 30-day redemption period. 

The
NioCorp Assumed Warrants issued to the Sponsor are not redeemable by the Company for so long as such NioCorp Assumed Warrants
are held by the Sponsor, its members, or their respective affiliates or other permitted transferees. In addition, the Company
may not exercise its redemption right if the issuance of Common Shares upon exercise of the NioCorp Assumed Warrants is not exempt
from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or the Company is unable to effect such registration or
qualification. 

If
the Company calls the public NioCorp Assumed Warrants for redemption as described above, the Company will have the option to require
any holder that wishes to exercise its public NioCorp Assumed Warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining
whether to require all holders to exercise their public NioCorp Assumed Warrants on a cashless basis, the Company
will consider, among other factors, its cash position, the number of NioCorp Assumed Warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive
effect on the Company s shareholders of issuing the maximum number of Common Shares issuable upon the exercise of the NioCorp
Assumed Warrants. If the Company takes advantage of this option, all holders of public NioCorp Assumed Warrants would pay the
exercise price by surrendering their NioCorp Assumed Warrants for that number of Common Shares equal to the quotient obtained
by dividing (x) the product of the number of Common Shares underlying the public NioCorp Assumed Warrants, multiplied by the difference
between the exercise price of the NioCorp Assumed Warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the
fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Common Shares for
the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders
of public NioCorp Assumed Warrants. If the Company takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information
necessary to calculate the number of Common Shares to be received upon exercise of the NioCorp Assumed Warrants, including the
 fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of Common Shares
to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a redemption of the public NioCorp Assumed Warrants. If the Company calls
the public NioCorp Assumed Warrants for redemption and does not take advantage of this option, the Sponsor, its members, and their
respective affiliates and other permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their NioCorp Assumed Warrants for cash
or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other NioCorp Assumed Warrant holders would have been required
to use had all NioCorp Assumed Warrant holders been required to exercise their NioCorp Assumed Warrants on a cashless basis, as
described in more detail below. 

A
holder of a NioCorp Assumed Warrant may notify the Company in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that
such holder will not have the right to exercise such NioCorp Assumed Warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise,
such holder (together with such holder s affiliates), to the NioCorp Assumed Warrant Agent s actual knowledge, would
beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the Common Shares outstanding immediately
after giving effect to such exercise. 

The
NioCorp Assumed Warrants have certain anti-dilution and adjustments rights upon certain events. 

The
NioCorp Assumed Warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the certificate representing such NioCorp Assumed Warrants on or prior
to the expiration date at the offices of the NioCorp Assumed Warrant Agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of such
certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if
applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to the order of the NioCorp Assumed Warrant Agent or by wire transfer,
for the number of NioCorp Assumed Warrants being exercised. The NioCorp Assumed Warrant holders will not have the rights or privileges
of holders of Common Shares or any attendant voting rights until they exercise their NioCorp Assumed Warrants and receive Common
Shares. After the issuance of Common Shares upon exercise of the NioCorp Assumed Warrants, each 

holder will be entitled to one
vote for each Common Share held of record on all matters to be voted on by NioCorp shareholders. 

If,
upon exercise of the NioCorp Assumed Warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, the Company
will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of Common Shares to be issued to the NioCorp Assumed Warrant holder. 

The
NioCorp Assumed Warrants were issued in registered form under the NioCorp Assumed Warrant Agreement. The NioCorp Assumed Warrant
Agreement may be amended by the parties thereto without the consent of any registered holder (i) for the purpose of curing any
ambiguity, or curing, correcting or supplementing any mistake, or adding or changing any other provisions with respect to matters
or questions arising under NioCorp Assumed Warrant Agreement as the parties may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties
deem shall not adversely affect the interest of the registered holders of the NioCorp Assumed Warrants, and (ii) to provide for
the delivery of such kind and amount of Common Shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon a reclassification,
reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of NioCorp
Assumed Warrants would have received if such holder had exercised his, her or its NioCorp Assumed Warrants immediately prior to
such event. All other modifications or amendments, including any amendment to increase the warrant price or shorten the exercise
period, shall require the vote or written consent of the registered holders of a majority of the then outstanding public NioCorp
Assumed Warrants. Any amendment solely to the NioCorp Assumed Warrants issued to the Sponsor and that are held by the Sponsor,
its members, or their respective affiliates or other permitted transferees, shall require the vote or written consent of a majority
of the holders of the then outstanding NioCorp Assumed Warrants issued to the Sponsor. 

Convertible
Debentures 

On
January 26, 2023, NioCorp entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (as amended, the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing
Agreement with YA II PN, Ltd. YA ). Pursuant to the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing Agreement, YA advanced
a total amount of 15,360,000 to NioCorp in consideration of the issuance by NioCorp to YA of 16,000,000 aggregate principal
amount of unsecured convertible debentures (the Convertible Debentures at the time of Closing (the Debenture
Closing ). As of [September [27]], 2023, there was 8,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Convertible Debentures outstanding. 

Each
Convertible Debenture issued under the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing Agreement is an unsecured obligation of NioCorp, matures
on September 17, 2024, which maturity may be extended for one six-month period in certain circumstances at the option of NioCorp,
and incurs a simple interest rate obligation of 5.0 per annum (which will increase to 15.0 per annum upon the occurrence of
an event of default). The outstanding principal amount of, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, and premium, if any, on the
Convertible Debentures must be paid by NioCorp in cash when the same becomes due and payable under the terms of the Convertible
Debentures at their stated maturity, upon their redemption or otherwise. 

Subject
to certain limitations contained within the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing Agreement and the Convertible Debentures, including
those as described below, holders of the Convertible Debentures will be entitled to convert the principal amount of, and accrued
and unpaid interest, if any, on each Convertible Debenture, in whole or in part, from time to time over their term, into a number
of Common Shares equal to the quotient of the principal amount and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, being converted divided
by the Conversion Price. The Conversion Price means, as of any Conversion Date (as defined below) or other date
of determination, the greater of (i) 90 of the average of the daily U.S. dollar volume-weighted average price of the Common Shares
on the principal U.S. market for the Common Shares as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets during the five consecutive trading
days 

immediately preceding the date on which the holder exercises its conversion right in accordance with the requirements of
the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing Agreement (the Conversion Date or other date of determination, but not
lower than the Floor Price (as defined below), and (ii) the five-day volume-weighted average price of the Common Shares on the
TSX (or on the principal U.S. market if the majority of the trading volume and value of the Common Shares occurred on Nasdaq during
the relevant period) for the five consecutive trading days immediately prior to the Conversion Date or other date of determination
less the maximum applicable discount allowed by the TSX. The Floor Price means a price of 2.1435 per share, which
is equal to the lesser of (a) 30 of the average of the daily volume-weighted average price of the Common Shares on the principal
U.S. market for the Common Shares as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets during the five consecutive trading days immediately
preceding the Debenture Closing and (b) 30 of the average of the volume-weighted average price of the Common Shares on the principal
U.S. market for the Common Shares as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets during the five consecutive trading days immediately
following the Debenture Closing, subject to certain adjustments to give effect to any stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock
split, recapitalization or similar event. 

The
terms of the Convertible Debentures restrict the number of Convertible Debentures that may be converted during each calendar month
by YA at a Conversion Price below a fixed price equal to approximately 8.9422 (i.e., the quotient of 10.00 divided by 1.11829212
(being the number of Common Shares that were exchanged for each share of GXII at the Closing, after giving effect to the Reverse
Stock Split)), subject to adjustment to give effect to any stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, recapitalization
or similar event. The Convertible Debentures are subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. 

The
terms of the Convertible Debentures restrict the conversion of Convertible Debentures by YA if such a conversion would cause YA
to exceed certain beneficial ownership thresholds in NioCorp or such a conversion would cause the aggregate number of Common Shares
issued pursuant to the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing Agreement to exceed the thresholds for issuance of Common Shares under
the rules of the TSX and Nasdaq, unless prior shareholder approval is obtained. 

Financing
Warrants 

In
conjunction with the Debenture Closing, NioCorp issued to YA Common Share purchase warrants (the Financing Warrants to purchase 1,789,267 Common Shares, which is equal to the quotient of the principal amount of Convertible Debentures issued in
such Debenture Closing divided by the Exercise Price, which is equal to approximately 8.9422 (i.e., the quotient
of 10.00 divided by 1.11829212 (being the number of Common Shares that were exchanged for each share of GXII at the Closing,
after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split)), in each case, subject to adjustment to give effect to any stock dividend, stock
split, reverse stock split, recapitalization or similar event. 

The
Financing Warrants are exercisable, in whole or in part, but not in increments of less than 50,000 aggregate Exercise Price (unless
the remaining aggregate Exercise Price is less than 50,000), beginning on May 4, 2023, and may be exercised at any time prior
to their expiration. Holders of the Financing Warrants may exercise their Financing Warrants, at their election, by paying the
Exercise Price in cash or, if at any time there is no effective registration statement registering, or no current prospectus available
for, the resale of the underlying Common Shares, on a cashless exercise basis. On each of the first 12 monthly anniversaries of
September 17, 2023, 1/12th of the Financing Warrants will expire. 

The
Financing Warrants have customary anti-dilution adjustments to be determined in accordance with the requirements of the applicable
stock exchanges, including the TSX. 

The
terms of the Financing Warrants restrict the exercise of Financing Warrants by YA if such an exercise would cause YA to exceed
certain beneficial ownership thresholds in NioCorp or such an exercise would cause the aggregate number of Common Shares issued
pursuant to the Yorkville Convertible Debt Financing Agreement to exceed the thresholds for issuance of Common Shares under the
rules of the TSX and Nasdaq, unless prior shareholder approval is obtained. 

</EX-4.25>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 n2574_x163ex21-1.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF NIOCORP DEVELOPMENTS LTD.

Exhibit
21.1 

List
of Subsidiaries of NioCorp Developments Ltd. (the Company 

Name 
 State/Province
 of Formation 
 Ownership 
 
 0896800
 B.C. Ltd. 0896800 
 
 British
 Columbia 
 100 
 by the Company 
 
 Elk
 Creek Resources Corp. 
 
 Delaware 
 100 
 of the Class A common stock by 0896800 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 n2574_x163ex23-1.htm
 CONSENT OF BDO USA, P.C.

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

NioCorp
Developments Ltd. 

 Centennial,
Colorado 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-254511, 333-260673, 333-270541,
333-270542, 333-271266 and 333-271268) and Form S-8 (No. 333-222313) of NioCorp Developments Ltd. of our report dated October
6, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. Our report contains an explanatory
paragraph regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

/s/
BDO USA, P.C. 

 Spokane,
Washington 

October
6, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 n2574_x163ex23-2.htm
 CONSENT OF DAHROUGE GEOLOGICAL CONSULTING USA LTD.

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT
OF QUALIFIED PERSON 

Dahrouge
Geological Consulting USA Ltd. hereby consents to the public filing of Sections 1.1 to 1.5, 1.9 to 1.11, 2 to 6, 7.1 to 7.2, 8,
9.2, 9.3, 16, 18 to 21, 22.1, 22.3, 22.9 to 22.12, 23.1.1, and 23.1.9 (the Covered Sections of the Technical Report
Summary titled Technical Report Summary, Elk Creek Project, Nebraska with an Effective Date of June 30, 2022 (the
 Technical Report Summary as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023
(the Form 10-K of NioCorp Developments Ltd. (the Company ). 

Dahrouge
Geological Consulting USA Ltd. also consents to the incorporation by reference of the Covered Sections in the Company s
Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-222313) and Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Registration Nos. 333-254511,
333-260673, 333-270541, 333-270542, 333-271266 and 333-271268) (collectively, the Registration Statements ). 

Dahrouge
Geological Consulting USA Ltd. also consents to the use of and references to our name, including our status as an expert or qualified
person (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection
with the Form 10-K, the Registration Statements and the Technical Report Summary. 

Dahrouge
Geological Consulting USA Ltd. also consents to any extracts from or a summary of the Covered Sections in the Form 10-K and incorporated
by reference in the Registration Statements (the Disclosure ). 

Dahrouge
Geological Consulting USA Ltd. certifies that we have read the Disclosure being filed by the Company and that it fairly and accurately
represents the information in the Covered Sections. 

Signed
and dated this 6 th day of October 2023 at Centennial, Colorado. 

/s/ Trevor
Mills 

Trevor Mills, P.G., SME-RM 

Principal Geologist / US Operations
 Manager 

Dahrouge Geological Consulting USA Ltd. 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-23.3>
 6
 n2574_x163ex23-3.htm
 CONSENT OF UNDERSTOOD MINERAL RESOURCES LTD.

Exhibit 23.3 

CONSENT
OF QUALIFIED PERSON 

Understood
Mineral Resources Ltd. hereby consents to the public filing of Sections 1.6, 9.1, 11 and 22.2 (the Covered Sections of the Technical Report Summary titled Technical Report Summary, Elk Creek Project, Nebraska with an Effective Date
of June 30, 2022 (the Technical Report Summary as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2023 (the Form 10-K of NioCorp Developments Ltd. (the Company ). 

Understood
Mineral Resources Ltd. also consents to the incorporation by reference of the Covered Sections in the Company s Registration
Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-222313) and Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Registration Nos. 333-254511, 333-260673,
333-270541, 333-270542, 333-271266 and 333-271268) (collectively, the Registration Statements ). 

Understood
Mineral Resources Ltd. also consents to the use of and references to our name, including our status as an expert or qualified
person (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection
with the Form 10-K, the Registration Statements and the Technical Report Summary. 

Understood
Mineral Resources Ltd. also consents to any extracts from or a summary of the Covered Sections in the Form 10-K and incorporated
by reference in the Registration Statements (the Disclosure ). 

Understood
Mineral Resources Ltd. certifies that we have read the Disclosure being filed by the Company and that it fairly and accurately
represents the information in the Covered Sections. 

Signed
and dated this 6 th day of October 2023 at 22 Middleton Crescent, Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada. 

/s/ Matt
Batty 
 
 Matt Batty, MSc, P.Geo 
 
 Owner
and Geostatistican 
 
 Understood
Mineral Resources Ltd. 

</EX-23.3>

<EX-23.4>
 7
 n2574_x163ex23-4.htm
 CONSENT OF OPTIMIZE GROUP INC.

Exhibit 23.4 

CONSENT
OF QUALIFIED PERSON 

Optimize
Group Inc. hereby consents to the public filing of Sections 1.7, 12, 13.3 to 13.5, 15.7, 22.5 and 23.1.4 (the Covered Sections of the Technical Report Summary titled Technical Report Summary, Elk Creek Project, Nebraska with an Effective Date
of June 30, 2022 (the Technical Report Summary as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2023 (the Form 10-K of NioCorp Developments Ltd. (the Company ). 

Optimize
Group Inc. also consents to the incorporation by reference of the Covered Sections in the Company s Registration Statement
on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-222313) and Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Registration Nos. 333-254511, 333-260673, 333-270541,
333-270542, 333-271266 and 333-271268) (collectively, the Registration Statements ). 

Optimize
Group Inc. also consents to the use of and references to our name, including our status as an expert or qualified person 
(as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with
the Form 10-K, the Registration Statements and the Technical Report Summary. 

Optimize
Group Inc. also consents to any extracts from or a summary of the Covered Sections in the Form 10-K and incorporated by reference
in the Registration Statements (the Disclosure ). 

Optimize
Group Inc. certifies that we have read the Disclosure being filed by the Company and that it fairly and accurately represents
the information in the Covered Sections. 

Signed
and dated this 6 th day of October 2023 at Toronto, Ontario, Canada. 

/s/ Gavin
Clow 
 
 Gavin
Clow, P.Eng. 
 
 Mining
Manager - Canada 
 
 Optimize
Group Inc. 

</EX-23.4>

<EX-23.5>
 8
 n2574_x163ex23-5.htm
 CONSENT OF TETRA TECH

Exhibit 23.5 

CONSENT
OF QUALIFIED PERSON 

Tetra
Tech hereby consents to the public filing of Sections 14.5, 15.1.1, 15.1.2, 15.2 to 15.4, 22.7 and 23.1.6 (the Covered
Sections of the Technical Report Summary titled Technical Report Summary, Elk Creek Project, Nebraska with
an Effective Date of June 30, 2022 (the Technical Report Summary as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 (the Form 10-K of NioCorp Developments Ltd. (the Company ). 

Tetra
Tech also consents to the incorporation by reference of the Covered Sections in the Company s Registration Statement on
Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-222313) and Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Registration Nos. 333-254511, 333-260673, 333-270541,
333-270542, 333-271266 and 333-271268) (collectively, the Registration Statements ). 

Tetra
Tech also consents to the use of and references to our name, including our status as an expert or qualified person 
(as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with
the Form 10-K, the Registration Statements and the Technical Report Summary. 

Tetra
Tech also consents to any extracts from or a summary of the Covered Sections in the Form 10-K and incorporated by reference in
the Registration Statements (the Disclosure ). 

Tetra
Tech certifies that we have read the Disclosure being filed by the Company and that it fairly and accurately represents the information
in the Covered Sections. 

Signed
and dated this 6 th day of October 2023 at Salt Lake City, Utah. 

/s/ David
R. Winters 
 
 David
R. Winters, SE, PE 
 
 Senior
Principal Engineer 
 
 Tetra
Tech 

</EX-23.5>

<EX-23.6>
 9
 n2574_x163ex23-6.htm
 CONSENT OF ADRIAN BROWN CONSULTANTS INC.

Exhibit 23.6 

CONSENT
OF QUALIFIED PERSON 

Adrian
Brown Consultants Inc. hereby consents to the public filing of Sections 7.4.1, 7.4.2 and 13.2 (the Covered Sections of the Technical Report Summary titled Technical Report Summary, Elk Creek Project, Nebraska with an Effective Date
of June 30, 2022 (the Technical Report Summary as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2023 (the Form 10-K of NioCorp Developments Ltd. (the Company ). 

Adrian
Brown Consultants Inc. also consents to the incorporation by reference of the Covered Sections in the Company s Registration
Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-222313) and Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Registration Nos. 333-254511, 333-260673,
333-270541, 333-270542, 333-271266 and 333-271268) (collectively, the Registration Statements ). 

Adrian
Brown Consultants Inc. also consents to the use of and references to our name, including our status as an expert or qualified
person (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection
with the Form 10-K, the Registration Statements and the Technical Report Summary. 

Adrian
Brown Consultants Inc. also consents to any extracts from or a summary of the Covered Sections in the Form 10-K and incorporated
by reference in the Registration Statements (the Disclosure ). 

Adrian
Brown Consultants Inc. certifies that we have read the Disclosure being filed by the Company and that it fairly and accurately
represents the information in the Covered Sections. 

Signed
and dated this 6 th day of October 2023 at Denver, Colorado, USA. 

/s/
Adrian Brown 

Adrian Brown, P.E. 

Principal Engineer 

Adrian Brown Consultants Inc. 

</EX-23.6>

<EX-23.7>
 10
 n2574_x163ex23-7.htm
 CONSENT OF MAGEMI MINING INC.

Exhibit 23.7 

CONSENT
OF QUALIFIED PERSON 

Magemi
Mining Inc. hereby consents to the public filing of Sections 10.1, 14.1.1, 14.2.1, 14.3.1, and 14.4.1 (the Covered Sections of the Technical Report Summary titled Technical Report Summary, Elk Creek Project, Nebraska with an Effective Date
of June 30, 2022 (the Technical Report Summary as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2023 (the Form 10-K of NioCorp Developments Ltd. (the Company ). 

Magemi
Mining Inc. also consents to the incorporation by reference of the Covered Sections in the Company s Registration Statement
on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-222313) and Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Registration Nos. 333-254511, 333-260673, 333-270541,
333-270542, 333-271266 and 333-271268) (collectively, the Registration Statements ). 

Magemi
Mining Inc. also consents to the use of and references to our name, including our status as an expert or qualified person 
(as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with
the Form 10-K, the Registration Statements and the Technical Report Summary. 

Magemi
Mining Inc. also consents to any extracts from or a summary of the Covered Sections in the Form 10-K and incorporated by reference
in the Registration Statements (the Disclosure ). 

Magemi
Mining Inc. certifies that we have read the Disclosure being filed by the Company and that it fairly and accurately represents
the information in the Covered Sections. 

Signed
and dated this 6 th day of October 2023 at North York, Ontario, Canada. 

/s/ Georgi Doundarov 

Georgi Doundarov, M.SC, P.Eng.,
 PMP, CCP 

CEO 

Magemi Mining Inc. 

</EX-23.7>

<EX-23.8>
 11
 n2574_x163ex23-8.htm
 CONSENT OF L3 PROCESS DEVELOPMENT

Exhibit 23.8 

CONSENT
OF QUALIFIED PERSON 

L3
Process Development hereby consents to the public filing of Sections 10.2, 10.2.1 to 10.2.3, 14.1.2, 14.1.4, 14.2.2, 14.2.4, 14.3.2,
14.3.4, 14.4.2, 14.4.4, 22.4, 22.6, 23.1.2, and 23.1.5 (the Covered Sections of the Technical Report Summary titled
 Technical Report Summary, Elk Creek Project, Nebraska with an Effective Date of June 30, 2022 (the Technical
Report Summary as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 (the Form
10-K of NioCorp Developments Ltd. (the Company ). 

L3
Process Development also consents to the incorporation by reference of the Covered Sections in the Company s Registration
Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-222313) and Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Registration Nos. 333-254511, 333-260673,
333-270541, 333-270542, 333-271266 and 333-271268) (collectively, the Registration Statements ). 

L3
Process Development also consents to the use of and references to our name, including our status as an expert or qualified
person (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection
with the Form 10-K, the Registration Statements and the Technical Report Summary. 

L3
Process Development also consents to any extracts from or a summary of the Covered Sections in the Form 10-K and incorporated
by reference in the Registration Statements (the Disclosure ). 

L3
Process Development certifies that we have read the Disclosure being filed by the Company and that it fairly and accurately represents
the information in the Covered Sections. 

Signed
and dated this 6 th day of October 2023 at Salt Lake City. 

/s/ Eric
 Larochelle Ing. 

Eric Larochelle Ing. 

Co-Owner - CEO 

L3 Process Development 

</EX-23.8>

<EX-23.9>
 12
 n2574_x163ex23-9.htm
 CONSENT OF OLSSON

Exhibit 23.9 

CONSENT
OF QUALIFIED PERSON 

Olsson
hereby consents to the public filing of Sections 1.8, 17, 22.8 and 23.1.7 (the Covered Sections of the Technical
Report Summary titled Technical Report Summary, Elk Creek Project, Nebraska with an Effective Date of June 30, 2022
(the Technical Report Summary as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30,
2023 (the Form 10-K of NioCorp Developments Ltd. (the Company ). 

Olsson
also consents to the incorporation by reference of the Covered Sections in the Company s Registration Statement on Form
S-8 (Registration No. 333-222313) and Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Registration Nos. 333-254511, 333-260673, 333-270541,
333-270542, 333-271266 and 333-271268) (collectively, the Registration Statements ). 

Olsson
also consents to the use of and references to our name, including our status as an expert or qualified person (as
defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the
Form 10-K, the Registration Statements and the Technical Report Summary. 

Olsson
also consents to any extracts from or a summary of the Covered Sections in the Form 10-K and incorporated by reference in the
Registration Statements (the Disclosure ). 

Olsson
certifies that we have read the Disclosure being filed by the Company and that it fairly and accurately represents the information
in the Covered Sections. 

Signed
and dated this 6 th day of October 2023 at Omaha, Nebraska. 

/s/ Brian
Osborn 
 
 Brian
Osborn 
 
 Senior Vice
President 
 
 Olsson 

</EX-23.9>

<EX-23.10>
 13
 n2574_x163ex23-10.htm
 CONSENT OF A2GC

Exhibit 23.10 

CONSENT
OF QUALIFIED PERSON 

A2GC
hereby consents to the public filing of Sections 7.3, 13.1 and 23.1.3 (the Covered Sections of the Technical Report
Summary titled Technical Report Summary, Elk Creek Project, Nebraska with an Effective Date of June 30, 2022 (the
 Technical Report Summary as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023
(the Form 10-K of NioCorp Developments Ltd. (the Company ). 

A2GC
also consents to the incorporation by reference of the Covered Sections in the Company s Registration Statement on Form
S-8 (Registration No. 333-222313) and Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Registration Nos. 333-254511, 333-260673, 333-270541,
333-270542, 333-271266 and 333-271268) (collectively, the Registration Statements ). 

A2GC
also consents to the use of and references to our name, including our status as an expert or qualified person (as
defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the
Form 10-K, the Registration Statements and the Technical Report Summary. 

A2GC
also consents to any extracts from or a summary of the Covered Sections in the Form 10-K and incorporated by reference in the
Registration Statements (the Disclosure ). 

A2GC
certifies that we have read the Disclosure being filed by the Company and that it fairly and accurately represents the information
in the Covered Sections. 

Signed
and dated this 6 th day of October 2023 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. 

/s/
 Patrick Andrieux 

Patrick Andrieux, Ph.D., P.Eng., Eng. 

Principal Engineer 

A2GC 

</EX-23.10>

<EX-23.11>
 14
 n2574_x163ex23-11.htm
 CONSENT OF METALLURGY CONCEPT SOLUTIONS

Exhibit 23.11 

CONSENT
OF QUALIFIED PERSON 

Metallurgy
Concept Solutions LLC hereby consents to the public filing of Sections 10.3, 14.1.3, 14.2.3, 14.3.3, and 14.4.3 (the Covered
Sections of the Technical Report Summary titled Technical Report Summary, Elk Creek Project, Nebraska with
an Effective Date of June 30, 2022 (the Technical Report Summary as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 (the Form 10-K of NioCorp Developments Ltd. (the Company ). 

Metallurgy
Concept Solutions LLC also consents to the incorporation by reference of the Covered Sections in the Company s Registration
Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-222313) and Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Registration Nos. 333-254511, 333-260673,
333-270541, 333-270542, 333-271266 and 333-271268) (collectively, the Registration Statements ). 

Metallurgy
Concept Solutions LLC also consents to the use of and references to our name, including our status as an expert or qualified
person (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection
with the Form 10-K, the Registration Statements and the Technical Report Summary. 

Metallurgy
Concept Solutions LLC also consents to any extracts from or a summary of the Covered Sections in the Form 10-K and incorporated
by reference in the Registration Statements (the Disclosure ). 

Metallurgy
Concept Solutions LLC certifies that we have read the Disclosure being filed by the Company and that it fairly and accurately
represents the information in the Covered Sections. 

Signed
and dated this 6 th day of October 2023 at 32 Rue Provost apt C, St-Remi, Quebec, Canada, J0L 2L0. 

/s/ Sylvain
Harton 
 
 Sylvain
Harton, P. Eng. 
 
 Senior
Metallurgist Engineer 
 
 Metallurgy
Concept Solutions LLC 

</EX-23.11>

<EX-23.12>
 15
 n2574_x163ex23-12.htm
 CONSENT OF SCOTT HONAN, M.SC., SME-RM, NIOCORP

Exhibit 23.12 

CONSENT
OF QUALIFIED PERSON 

I,
Scott Honan, M.Sc., SME-RM, consent to the public filing of Sections 13.7.5, 13.7.6, 13.7.7, 13.7.8, 13.7.15, 15.5, 15.6 and 22.7.1
(the Covered Sections of the Technical Report Summary titled Technical Report Summary, Elk Creek Project,
Nebraska with an Effective Date of June 30, 2022 (the Technical Report Summary as an exhibit to the Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 (the Form 10-K of NioCorp Developments Ltd. (the Company ). 

I
also consent to the incorporation by reference of the Covered Sections in the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8
(Registration No. 333-222313) and Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Registration Nos. 333-254511, 333-260673, 333-270541, 333-270542,
333-271266 and 333-271268) (collectively, the Registration Statements ). 

I
also consent to the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or qualified person (as defined
in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 10-K,
the Registration Statements and the Technical Report Summary. 

I
also consent to any extracts from or a summary of the Covered Sections in the Form 10-K and incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statements (the Disclosure ). 

I
certify that I have read the Disclosure being filed by the Company and that it fairly and accurately represents the information
in the Covered Sections. 

Signed
and dated this 6 th day of October 2023 at Centennial, Colorado, USA. 

/s/ Scott
Honan 
 
 Scott
Honan, M.Sc., SME-RM 
 
 Chief
Operating Officer 
 
 NioCorp
Developments Ltd. 

</EX-23.12>

<EX-23.13>
 16
 n2574_x163ex23-13.htm
 CONSENT OF EVERETT BIRD, P.E., CEMENTATION

Exhibit 23.13 

CONSENT
OF QUALIFIED PERSON 

I,
Everett Bird, P.E., consent to the public filing of Sections 13.7.1, 13.7.2, 13.7.3, 13.7.4 and 13.7.13 (the Covered Sections of the Technical Report Summary titled Technical Report Summary, Elk Creek Project, Nebraska with an Effective Date
of June 30, 2022 (the Technical Report Summary as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2023 (the Form 10-K of NioCorp Developments Ltd. (the Company ). 

I
also consent to the incorporation by reference of the Covered Sections in the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8
(Registration No. 333-222313) and Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Registration Nos. 333-254511, 333-260673, 333-270541, 333-270542,
333-271266 and 333-271268) (collectively, the Registration Statements ). 

I
also consent to the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or qualified person (as defined
in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 10-K,
the Registration Statements and the Technical Report Summary. 

I
also consent to any extracts from or a summary of the Covered Sections in the Form 10-K and incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statements (the Disclosure ). 

I
certify that I have read the Disclosure being filed by the Company and that it fairly and accurately represents the information
in the Covered Sections. 

Signed
and dated this 6 th day of October 2023 at Salt Lake City, Utah. 

/s/
 Everett Bird 

Everett Bird, P.E. 

Engineering Manager 

Cementation 

</EX-23.13>

<EX-23.14>
 17
 n2574_x163ex23-14.htm
 CONSENT OF MATT HALES, P.E., CEMENTATION

Exhibit 23.14 

CONSENT
OF QUALIFIED PERSON 

I,
Matt Hales, P.E., consent to the public filing of Sections 13.7.9, 13.7.10, 13.7.11, 13.7.14, 15.1.3, and 15.1.4 (the Covered
Sections of the Technical Report Summary titled Technical Report Summary, Elk Creek Project, Nebraska with
an Effective Date of June 30, 2022 (the Technical Report Summary as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 (the Form 10-K of NioCorp Developments Ltd. (the Company ). 

I
also consent to the incorporation by reference of the Covered Sections in the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8
(Registration No. 333-222313) and Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Registration Nos. 333-254511, 333-260673, 333-270541, 333-270542,
333-271266 and 333-271268) (collectively, the Registration Statements ). 

I
also consent to the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or qualified person (as defined
in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 10-K,
the Registration Statements and the Technical Report Summary. 

I
also consent to any extracts from or a summary of the Covered Sections in the Form 10-K and incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statements (the Disclosure ). 

I
certify that I have read the Disclosure being filed by the Company and that it fairly and accurately represents the information
in the Covered Sections. 

Signed
and dated this 6 th day of October 2023 at Salt Lake City, Utah. 

/s/
 Matt Hales 
 
 Matt
Hales, P.E. 
 
 Electrical
Engineering Lead 
 
 Cementation 

</EX-23.14>

<EX-23.15>
 18
 n2574_x163ex23-15.htm
 CONSENT OF MAHMOOD KHWAJA, P.E., CDM SMITH

Exhibit 23.15 

CONSENT
OF QUALIFIED PERSON 

I,
Mahmood Khwaja, P.E., consent to the public filing of Section 15.8 (the Covered Section of the Technical Report
Summary titled Technical Report Summary, Elk Creek Project, Nebraska with an Effective Date of June 30, 2022 (the
 Technical Report Summary as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023
(the Form 10-K of NioCorp Developments Ltd. (the Company ). 

I
also consent to the incorporation by reference of the Covered Section in the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8
(Registration No. 333-222313) and Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Registration Nos. 333-254511, 333-260673, 333-270541, 333-270542,
333-271266 and 333-271268) (collectively, the Registration Statements ). 

I
also consent to the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or qualified person (as defined
in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 10-K,
the Registration Statements and the Technical Report Summary. 

I
also consent to any extracts from or a summary of the Covered Section in the Form 10-K and incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statements (the Disclosure ). 

I
certify that I have read the Disclosure being filed by the Company and that it fairly and accurately represents the information
in the Covered Section. 

Signed
and dated this 6 th day of October 2023 at Boston, Massachusetts, USA. 

/s/
Mahmood Khwaja 

Mahmood Khwaja, PE 

Vice President / Senior Geotechnical Engineer 

Technical Services Unit ISG 

CDM Smith 

</EX-23.15>

<EX-23.16>
 19
 n2574_x163ex23-16.htm
 CONSENT OF MARTIN LEPAGE, P.ENG., CEMENTATION

Exhibit 23.16 

CONSENT
OF QUALIFIED PERSON 

I,
Martin Lepage, P.Eng., Ing., consent to the public filing of Sections 13.7.12 and 23.1.8 (the Covered Sections of the Technical Report Summary titled Technical Report Summary, Elk Creek Project, Nebraska with an Effective Date
of June 30, 2022 (the Technical Report Summary as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2023 (the Form 10-K of NioCorp Developments Ltd. (the Company ). 

I
also consent to the incorporation by reference of the Covered Sections in the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8
(Registration No. 333-222313) and Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Registration Nos. 333-254511, 333-260673, 333-270541, 333-270542,
333-271266 and 333-271268) (collectively, the Registration Statements ). 

I
also consent to the use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or qualified person (as defined
in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 10-K,
the Registration Statements and the Technical Report Summary. 

I
also consent to any extracts from or a summary of the Covered Sections in the Form 10-K and incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statements (the Disclosure ). 

I
certify that I have read the Disclosure being filed by the Company and that it fairly and accurately represents the information
in the Covered Sections. 

Signed
and dated this 6 th day of October 2023 at North Bay, Ontario, Canada. 

/s/ Martin Lepage 

Martin
Lepage, P. Eng. 

Lead Technical
 Engineer - Hoisting 

Cementation 

</EX-23.16>

<EX-23.17>
 20
 n2574_x163ex23-17.htm
 CONSENT OF WYNAND MARX, M.ENG., BBE CONSULTING

Exhibit 23.17 

CONSENT
OF QUALIFIED PERSON 

I, Wynand Marx, M.Eng.,
consent to the public filing of Section 13.6 (the Covered Section of the Technical Report Summary titled Technical
Report Summary, Elk Creek Project, Nebraska with an Effective Date of June 30, 2022 (the Technical Report Summary as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 (the Form 10-K of NioCorp
Developments Ltd. (the Company ). 

I also consent to the
incorporation by reference of the Covered Section in the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-222313)
and Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Registration Nos. 333-254511, 333-260673, 333-270541, 333-270542, 333-271266 and 333-271268)
(collectively, the Registration Statements ). 

I also consent to the
use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or qualified person (as defined in Subpart 1300
of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 10-K, the Registration
Statements and the Technical Report Summary. 

I also consent to any
extracts from or a summary of the Covered Section in the Form 10-K and incorporated by reference in the Registration Statements
(the Disclosure ). 

I certify that I have
read the Disclosure being filed by the Company and that it fairly and accurately represents the information in the Covered Section. 

Signed and dated this
6 th day of October 2023 at Johannesburg, South Africa. 

/s/ Wynand Marx 
 
 Wynand Marx, M.Eng. 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 BBE Consulting 

</EX-23.17>

<EX-31.1>
 21
 n2574_x163ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Mark A. Smith, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NioCorp Developments Ltd.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present
in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of,
and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report
our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
October 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /S/
 Mark A. Smith 

Mark A. Smith 

Chief
Executive Officer 
 (Principal
Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 22
 n2574_x163ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Neal Shah, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NioCorp Developments Ltd.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present
in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of,
and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report
our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
October 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /S/
 Neal Shah 

Neal Shah 

Chief
Financial Officer 
 (Principal
Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 23
 n2574_x163ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of NioCorp Developments Ltd. (the Company ), for the year ended June
30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mark Smith, Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation
of the Company. 

Date:
October 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /S/
 Mark A. Smith 

Mark A. Smith 

Chief
Executive Officer 
 (Principal
Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 24
 n2574_x163ex32-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of NioCorp Developments Ltd. (the Company ), for the year ended June
30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Neal Shah, Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
October 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /S/
 Neal Shah 

Neal Shah 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 (Principal
Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 25
 niobf-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 27
 niobf-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 28
 niobf-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 29
 niobf-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

