<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231122_10-K_edgar_data_1930087_0001930087-23-000047.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16886092</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>659310</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2292324</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5504042</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3534347</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4580775</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001930087-23-000047.hdr.sgml : 20231122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231122154402
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001930087-23-000047
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Golub Capital Private Credit Fund
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001930087
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01555
		FILM NUMBER:		231433255

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 PARK AVE
		STREET 2:		25TH FL
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10166
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-750-6060

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 PARK AVE
		STREET 2:		25TH FL
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10166

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001930087-23-000047.txt : 20231122

10-K
 1
 gcred-20230930.htm
 10-K

gcred-20230930 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 _____________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Form 
 _____________________________________________________________________________________________ (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 
 _____________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered None N/A N/A 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No o 
 Auditor Firm ID: Auditor Name: Auditor Location: 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes o No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Yes o No 
 As of September 30, 2023, there was established public market for the Registrant's common shares. 
 The number of shares of the Registrant's common shares, 0.01 par value, outstanding as of November 22, 2023 is . 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Part I. Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 38 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 79 
 Item 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 79 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 79 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 79 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 79 
 Part II. Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 80 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 81 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 82 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 101 
 Item 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 103 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 145 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 145 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 145 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 145 
 Part III. Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 146 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 146 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 146 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 146 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 146 
 Part IV. Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 147 
 Signatures 
 150 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, except as otherwise indicated, the terms: 
 
 we, us, our , Company and GCRED refer to Golub Capital Private Credit Fund, a Delaware statutory trust, and its consolidated subsidiaries; 
 
 GCRED Holdings refers to GCRED Holdings LLC, a Delaware LLC, our direct subsidiary; 
 
 2023 CLO Depositor refers to Golub Capital Private Credit Fund CLO Depositor statutory trust, a Delaware statutory trust, our direct subsidiary; 
 
 2023 Issuer refers to Golub Capital Private Credit Fund CLO, a Delaware statutory trust, our indirect subsidiary formerly GCP SG Warehouse 2022-1, a Delaware statutory trust (the "CLO Vehicle"); 
 
 GC Advisors refers to GC Advisors LLC, our investment adviser 
 
 Administrator refers to Golub Capital LLC, an affiliate of GC Advisors and our administrator 
 
 Adviser Revolver refers to the line of credit with GC Advisors and which allowed for borrowing up to 50.0 million as of September 30, 2023; 
 
 2023 Debt Securitization refers to the 693.6 million term debt securitization that we completed on September 21, 2023, in which the 2023 Issuer issued an aggregate of 434.0 million of notes, or the 2023 Notes, including 395.5 million of Class A-1 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes, which bear interest at the three-month Secured Overnight Financing Rate or SOFR plus 2.40 and 38.5 million of Class A-2 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes, which bear interest at the three-month SOFR plus 2.30 , the Class A-2 Notes, together with the Class A-1 Notes are referred to as the Secured 2023 Notes , and approximately 259.6 million of Subordinated 2023 Notes, which do not bear interest; 
 
 CLO Vehicle Credit Facility refers to the amended and restated credit agreement by and among the CLO Vehicle, as borrower, Soci t G n rale, as administrative agent, the lenders and the subordinated noteholders party thereto, and Wilmington Trust, National Association as collateral agent, collateral administrator, custodian and collateral custodian that was terminated on September 21, 2023. Prior to its termination, the CLO Vehicle Credit Facility had a maturity date of June 7, 2030. The applicable base rate for borrowings under the CLO Vehicle Credit Facility was term SOFR for borrowings in U.S. dollars, the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate or CDOR for borrowings in Canadian dollars and the Euro Interbank Offered Rate or EURIBOR for borrowings in Euros. The applicable margin on borrowings under the CLO Vehicle Credit Facility through the September 21, 2023 termination date was 2.75 per annum; 
 
 SMBC Credit Facility refers to the senior secured revolving credit facility that the Company, as borrower, entered into on September 6, 2023 by and among Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as administrative agent and as collateral agent, and the lenders and issuing banks from time to time party thereto, that as of September 30, 2023, allowed for borrowing up to 490.0 million. Borrowings under the SMBC Credit Facility bear interest at the applicable base rate plus a margin of either 2.00 or 2.125 , subject to compliance with a borrowing base test. The applicable base rate under the SMBC Credit Facility is (i) SOFR with respect to any advances denominated in U.S. dollars, (ii) the Sterling Overnight Index Average or SONIA with respect to any advances denominated in U.K. pound sterling, (iii) EURIBOR with respect to any advances denominated in euros, and (iv) the relevant rate as defined in the SMBC Credit Facility for borrowings in other currencies; 
 
 Share Purchase and Sale Agreement refers to the agreement entered by and among the Company, GCP HS Fund, a Delaware statutory trust, GCP CLO Holdings Sub LP, an exempted limited partnership registered in the Cayman Islands (each, a Seller and, collectively, Sellers ), and GC Advisors. Pursuant to the Share Purchase and Sale Agreement, the Company acquired all of the assets and liabilities 
 1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

of the CLO Vehicle through the purchase from the Sellers of 100 of the beneficial interests in, and 100 of the subordinated notes issued by the CLO Vehicle. 
 
 Investment Advisory Agreement refers to the advisory agreement by and between us and GC Advisors, 
 dated as of April 28, 2023, as amended and restated on November 17, 2023; and 
 
 Golub Capital refers, collectively, to the activities and operations of Golub Capital LLC (formerly Golub Capital Management LLC), which entity employs all of Golub Capital s investment professionals, GC Advisors and associated investment funds and their respective affiliates. 

2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item 1. Business 
 
 GENERAL 
 
 We are an externally managed, non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the 1940 Act. In addition, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we intend to elect to be treated as a regulated investment company, or RIC, under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, beginning with our fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. We were formed on May 13, 2022 as a Delaware statutory trust and commenced investing activities on July 1, 2023. We make investments and generate current income and capital appreciation by investing primarily in privately originated and privately negotiated investments, predominantly through direct lending to U.S. private companies in the middle market and upper middle-market in the form of one stop and other senior secured loans. GC Advisors structures these one stop loans as senior secured loans, and we obtain security interests in the assets of the portfolio company that serve as collateral in support of the repayment of these loans. This collateral often takes the form of first-priority liens on the assets of the portfolio company. In many cases, we are the sole lender or we, together with our affiliates, are the sole lenders of one stop loans, which can afford us additional influence over the borrower in terms of monitoring and, if necessary, remediating any underperformance. 
 
 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the term middle-market generally refers to companies having earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, of less than 100.0 million annually. 
 
 Our investment objective is to generate current income and capital appreciation. We also selectively invest in second lien and subordinated (a loan that ranks senior only to a borrower's equity securities and ranks junior to all of such borrower's other indebtedness in priority of payment) loans of, and warrants and minority equity securities in U.S. middle-market companies. In addition, we may also invest in liquid credit instruments, including secured floating rate syndicated loans, securitized products and corporate bonds, and we expect that, as a general matter, our portfolio will initially be comprised of a greater percentage of such instruments than it will as our investment program matures, though the exact allocation may vary from time to time depending on market conditions and available investment opportunities. We intend to achieve our investment objective by (1) accessing the established loan origination channels developed by Golub Capital, a leading lender to U.S. middle-market companies that had over 60.0 billion of capital under management as of July 1, 2023, (2) selecting investments within our core middle-market company focus, (3) partnering with experienced private equity firms, or sponsors, in many cases with whom Golub Capital has invested alongside in the past, (4) implementing the disciplined underwriting standards of Golub Capital and (5) drawing upon the aggregate experience and resources of Golub Capital. 
 
 We seek to invest at least 80 of our total assets (net assets plus borrowings for investment purposes) directly or indirectly in private credit investments (loans, bonds and other credit and related instruments that are issued in private offerings or issued by private companies). If we change our 80 test, we will provide shareholders with at least 60 days notice of such change. We expect to make investments that typically will have position sizes under 1 of our portfolio, on average. We expect to selectively invest more than 1 of capital in some of our portfolio 
 companies and generally expect that the size of our individual investments will vary proportionately with the size of our capital base, particularly during the period prior to raising sufficient capital, which may result in larger individual investments when and if our capital base increases. We may invest in companies of any size or capitalization. 
 
 We intend to primarily invest in U.S. middle market and upper middle market companies and, to the extent we invest in foreign companies, we intend to do so in accordance with the limits of the 1940 Act applicable to business development companies and only in jurisdictions with established legal frameworks and a history of respecting creditors rights as well as investment grade sovereign credit ratings, which generally includes countries that are members of the Organisation for Economics Co-operation and Development such as the United Kingdom, countries that are members of the European Union, as well as Canada, Australia and Japan, among others. Subject to the limitations of the 1940 Act, we may invest in loans or other securities, the proceeds of which may refinance or otherwise repay debt or securities of companies whose debt is owned by other funds affiliated with Golub Capital. From time to time, we may co-invest with other funds affiliated with Golub Capital. 
 
 3 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

We generally invest in securities that have been rated below investment grade by independent rating agencies or that would be rated below investment grade if they were rated. These securities, which are often referred to as junk, have predominantly speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. In addition, many of our debt investments have floating interest rates that reset on a periodic basis and typically do not fully pay down principal prior to maturity, which could increase our risk of losing part or all of our investment. 
 
 We intend to finance our investments with borrowed money. The amount of leverage that we employ will depend on GC Advisors and our board of trustees assessment of market and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing. While we intend to target a leverage ratio of 1.0x to 1.5x debt-to-equity, this limitation will not prevent us from incurring additional leverage or otherwise exceeding such leverage ratio to the full extent permissible under the 1940 Act, including during periods when we are experiencing unusual market volatility or other unexpected conditions. We could issue senior debt securities to banks, insurance companies and other lenders, and/or issue unsecured debt or notes through one or more wholly-owned collateralized loan obligations, or CLOs. Under the terms of our Declaration of Trust, the board of trustees may authorize us to issue preferred shares in one or more classes or series without shareholder approval, to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. 
 
 In addition, investment in leveraged companies involves a number of significant risks. Leveraged companies in which we invest could have limited financial resources and could be unable to meet their obligations under their debt securities that we hold. 
 
 We may engage in hedging transactions to the limited extent such transactions are permitted under the 1940 Act and applicable commodities laws. We could, for example, use instruments such as interest rate swaps, caps, collars and floors and, if we were to invest in foreign securities, we could use instruments such as forward contracts or currency options in currencies selected to hedge against fluctuations in the relative values of our portfolio positions from changes in currency exchange rates and market interest rates. We could also, for example, borrow under a credit facility in currencies selected to minimize our foreign currency exposure. There can be no assurance any hedging strategy we employ will be successful. 
 
 Information Available 
 
 Our address is 200 Park Avenue, 25th Floor, New York, NY 10166. Our phone number is (212) 750-6060, and our internet address is www.gcredbdc.com . We make available, free of charge, on our website our proxy statement, annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this annual report on Form 10-K and you should not consider information contained on our website to be part of this annual report on Form 10-K or any other report we file with the SEC. 
 The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information we file with the SEC at www.sec.gov . 
 Our Adviser 
 
 Our investment activities are managed by our investment adviser, GC Advisors. GC Advisors is responsible for sourcing potential investments, conducting research and due diligence on prospective investments and equity sponsors, analyzing investment opportunities, structuring our investments and monitoring our investments and portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. GC Advisors was organized in September 2008 and is a registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, or the Advisers Act. Under our Investment Advisory Agreement, we pay GC Advisors a base management fee and an incentive fee for its services. See Business Management Agreements Management Fee for a discussion of the base management fee and incentive fee, including the cumulative incentive fee cap and the income and capital gains incentive fee payable by us to GC Advisors. The base management fee paid to GC Advisors is calculated based on the value of our net assets as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the applicable quarter adjusted for share issuances and repurchases. For purposes of the Investment Advisory Agreement, net assets means our total assets less liabilities determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Our board of trustees is charged with protecting our interests by monitoring how GC Advisors addresses these and other 
 4 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

conflicts of interest associated with its management services and compensation. While not expected to review or approve each borrowing, our independent trustees periodically review GC Advisors services and fees as well as its portfolio management decisions and portfolio performance. In connection with these reviews, our independent trustees consider whether our fees and expenses (including those related to leverage) remain appropriate. See Business Management Agreements Board Approval of the Investment Advisory Agreement. 
 
 GC Advisors is an affiliate of Golub Capital and pursuant to a staffing agreement, or the Staffing Agreement, Golub Capital LLC makes experienced investment professionals available to GC Advisors and provides access to the senior investment personnel of Golub Capital LLC and its affiliates. The Staffing Agreement provides GC Advisors with access to deal flow generated by Golub Capital LLC and its affiliates in the ordinary course of their businesses and commits the members of GC Advisors investment committee to serve in that capacity. As our investment adviser, GC Advisors is obligated to allocate investment opportunities among us and its other clients fairly and equitably over time in accordance with its allocation policy. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Related Party Transactions. However, there can be no assurance that such opportunities will be allocated to us fairly or equitably in the short-term or over time. GC Advisors seeks to capitalize on the significant deal origination, credit underwriting, due diligence, investment structuring, execution, portfolio management and monitoring experience of Golub Capital LLC s investment professionals. 
 
 Our Administrator 
 
 Golub Capital LLC, our Administrator and an affiliate of GC Advisors, provides the administrative services necessary for us to operate. See Business Management Agreements Administration Agreement for a discussion of the fees and expenses (subject to the review and approval of our independent trustees) we are required to reimburse to the Administrator. 
 
 About Golub Capital 
 
 Golub Capital, founded in 1994, is a leading lender to middle-market companies, with a long track record of investing in senior secured, one stop, second lien and subordinated loans. As of July 1, 2023, Golub Capital had over 60.0 billion of capital under management. Since its inception, Golub Capital has closed deals with over 370 middle-market sponsors and repeat transactions with over 260 sponsors. 
 
 Golub Capital s middle-market lending group is managed by an eight member senior management team consisting of Lawrence E. Golub, David B. Golub, Andrew H. Steuerman, Gregory W. Cashman, Spyro G. Alexopoulos, Marc C. Robinson, Robert G. Tuchscherer and Jason J. Van Dussen. As of September 30, 2023, Golub Capital had more than 170 investment professionals supported by more than 650 administrative and back office personnel that focus on operations, finance, legal and compliance, accounting and reporting, marketing, information technology and office management. 
 
 Market Trends 
 
 We pursue an investment strategy focused on investing primarily in newly originated first lien, senior secured, floating rate loans in U.S. middle-market companies in industries that we believe are resistant to recession. We find the middle market attractive for the following reasons: 
 
 Target Market. We believe that small and middle market companies in the United States with annual revenues between 10 million and 2.5 billion represent a significant growth segment of the U.S. economy and often require substantial capital investments to grow. Middle market companies have generated a significant number of investment opportunities for investment funds managed or advised by Golub Capital, and we believe that this market segment will continue to produce significant investment opportunities for us. We intend to focus our portfolio on borrowers in what we believe are recession resistant industries and/or believed to be insulated from COVID-19. 
 
 Specialized Lending Requirements . We believe that several factors render many U.S. financial institutions ill-suited to lend to U.S. middle market companies. For example, based on the experience of our management team, lending to U.S. middle market companies (1) is generally more labor intensive than lending to larger companies due to the smaller size of each investment and the fragmented nature 
 5 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

of information for such companies, (2) requires due diligence and underwriting practices consistent with the demands and economic limitations of the middle market and (3) also requires more extensive ongoing monitoring by the lender. 
 
 Demand for Debt Capital . We believe there is a large pool of committed but uninvested private equity capital for middle market companies. We expect private equity firms will seek to leverage their investments by combining equity capital with senior secured loans and subordinated debt from other sources, such as us. 
 
 Competition from Bank Lenders. We believe that many traditional bank lenders to middle market businesses have either exited or de-emphasized their service and product offerings in the middle market. These traditional lenders have instead focused on lending and providing other services to large corporate clients. We believe this has resulted in fewer key players and the reduced availability of debt capital to the companies we target. 
 
 Market Environment: We believe middle market investments are likely to excel in uncertain market environments, such as the current market environment following the COVID-19 outbreak that began in December 2019, and that these investments have historically generated premium yields with more desirable structures for lenders as compared to large corporate loans. (1) In addition, we believe the recent credit market dislocation will accelerate the market share shift toward well-positioned larger platforms. On the other hand, we believe that there has been increased competition for direct lending to middle market businesses, which would be expected to result in less favorable pricing terms for our potential investments. If we match our competitors pricing, terms and structure, we would expect to experience decreased net interest income, lower yields and increased risk of credit loss. However, we believe that Golub Capital s scale, product suite, entrenched relationships and strong market position will continue to allow us to find investment opportunities with attractive risk-adjusted returns. 
 
 (1) Standard Poor s High-End Middle-Market Lending Review Q4 2021 New-issue first-lien yield-to-maturity. Middle-Market loans have, on average, generated higher yields in comparison to large corporate loans based on data starting in June 2005. 
 
 Competitive Strengths 
 
 Deep, Experienced Management Team. We are managed by GC Advisors, which as of September 30, 2023, has access through the Staffing Agreement to the resources and expertise of Golub Capital s more than 850 employees, led by Lawrence E. Golub and our president and chief executive officer, David B. Golub. As of September 30, 2023, Golub Capital s more than 170 investment professionals had an average of approximately 13 years of investment experience and were supported by more than 650 administrative and back office personnel that focus on operations, finance, legal and compliance, accounting and reporting, marketing, information technology and office management. GC Advisors also manages (i) Golub Capital BDC, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or GBDC; (ii) Golub Capital BDC 3, Inc., a Maryland corporation, or GBDC 3; (iii) Golub Capital Direct Lending Corporation, a Maryland corporation, or GDLC; (iv) Golub Capital Direct Lending Unlevered Corporation, a Maryland corporation, or GDLCU; and (v) Golub Capital BDC 4, Inc., a Maryland corporation, or GBDC 4; each of which has elected to be regulated as a business development company, have investment mandates similar to ours, and primarily focus on investing in one stop and other senior secured loans and in the case of GBDC, whose shares of common stock are publicly traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. Golub Capital seeks to hire and retain high-quality investment professionals and reward those personnel based on investor returns. 
 
 Leading U.S. Debt Platform Provides Access to Proprietary Relationship-Based Deal Flow . GC Advisors gives us access to the deal flow of Golub Capital, one of the leading middle-market lenders in the United States. Golub Capital has been a top 3 Traditional Middle-Market Bookrunner each year from 2008 through Q1 2023 for senior secured loans of up to 500.0 million for leveraged buyouts based on number of deals completed, according to Thomson Reuters LPC and internal data. We believe this market position makes Golub Capital the first choice lender to many sponsors. Since its inception, Golub Capital has closed deals with over 370 middle-market sponsors and repeat transactions with over 260 sponsors. We believe that Golub Capital receives relationship-based early looks and last looks at many investment opportunities in the U.S. middle-market market, allowing it to be highly selective in the transactions it pursues. 
 
 6 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Disciplined Investment and Underwriting Process. GC Advisors utilizes the established investment process of Golub Capital for reviewing lending opportunities, structuring transactions and monitoring investments. Using its disciplined approach to lending, GC Advisors seeks to minimize credit losses through effective underwriting, comprehensive due diligence investigations, structuring and the implementation of restrictive debt covenants. We expect that GC Advisors will continue to select borrowers whose businesses will retain significant value, even in a depressed market or a distressed sale. GC Advisors intends to reduce risk further by focusing on repeat transactions with proven, successful sponsors. While emphasizing thorough credit analysis, GC Advisors intends to maintain strong relationships with sponsors by offering rapid initial feedback from senior investment professionals on each investment opportunity. 
 
 Regimented Credit Monitoring. Following each investment, GC Advisors implements a regimented credit monitoring system. This careful approach, which involves ongoing review and analysis by teams of professionals, has enabled GC Advisors to identify problems early and to assist borrowers before they face difficult liquidity constraints. If necessary, GC Advisors can assume the role of deal sponsor in a work-out situation and has extensive restructuring experience, both in and out of bankruptcy. GC Advisors believes in the need to prepare for possible negative contingencies in order to address them promptly should they arise. 
 
 Concentrated Middle-Market Focus . Because of our focus on the middle-market, we understand the following 
 general characteristics of middle-market lending: 
 
 middle-market companies are generally less leveraged than large companies and, we believe, offer more attractive investment returns in the form of upfront fees, prepayment penalties and higher interest rates; 
 middle-market issuers are more likely to have simple capital structures; 
 carefully structured covenant packages enable middle-market lenders to take early action to remediate poor financial performance; and 
 middle-market lenders can undertake thorough due diligence investigations prior to investment. 
 
 Investment Criteria/Guidelines 
 
 7 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

8 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

The following chart illustrates the stages of Golub Capital s evaluation and underwriting process: 
 
 ILLUSTRATIVE DEAL EVALUATION PROCESS 

Execution. In executing transactions for us, GC Advisors utilizes the due diligence process developed by Golub Capital. Through a consistent approach to underwriting and careful attention to the details of execution, Golub Capital seeks to maintain discipline with respect to credit, pricing, and structure to ensure the ultimate success of the financing. Upon completion of due diligence, the investment team working on an investment delivers a final memorandum to GC Advisors investment committee. Once an investment has been approved by the investment committee, it moves through a series of steps generally, including initial documentation using standard document templates, final documentation, including resolution of business points and the execution of original documents held in escrow. Upon completion of final documentation, a loan is funded upon the execution of an investment committee memorandum by members of GC Advisors investment committee. 
 
 9 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Monitoring. We view active portfolio monitoring as a vital part of our investment process. We consider board observation rights, where appropriate, regular dialogue with company management and sponsors and detailed, internally generated monitoring reports to be critical to our performance. Golub Capital has developed a monitoring template that is designed to reasonably ensure compliance with these standards. This template is used by GC Advisors as a tool to assess investment performance relative to our plan. In addition, our portfolio companies often rely on GC Advisors to provide them with financial and capital markets expertise. 
 
 As part of the monitoring process, GC Advisors regularly assesses the risk profile of each of our investments and rates each of them based on an internal system developed by Golub Capital and its affiliates. This system is not generally accepted in our industry or used by our competitors. It is based on the following categories, which we refer to as GC Advisors internal performance ratings: 
 
 Internal Performance Ratings Rating Definition 5 Involves the least amount of risk in our portfolio. The borrower is performing above expectations, and the trends and risk factors are generally favorable. 4 Involves an acceptable level of risk that is similar to the risk at the time of origination. The borrower is generally performing as expected, and the risk factors are neutral to favorable. 3 Involves a borrower performing below expectations and indicates that the loan s risk has increased somewhat since origination. The borrower could be out of compliance with debt covenants; however, loan payments are generally not past due. 2 Involves a borrower performing materially below expectations and indicates that the loan s risk has increased materially since origination. In addition to the borrower being generally out of compliance with debt covenants, loan payments could be past due (but generally not more than 180 days past due). 1 Involves a borrower performing substantially below expectations and indicates that the loan s risk has substantially increased since origination. Most or all of the debt covenants are out of compliance and payments are substantially delinquent. Loans rated 1 are not anticipated to be repaid in full and we will reduce the fair market value of the loan to the amount we anticipate will be recovered. 
 
 Our internal performance ratings do not constitute any rating of investments by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization or represent or reflect any third-party assessment of any of our investments. 
 
 For any investment rated 1, 2 or 3, GC Advisors increases its monitoring intensity and prepares regular updates for the investment committee, summarizing current operating results and material impending events and suggesting recommended actions. 
 
 GC Advisors monitors and, when appropriate, changes the internal performance ratings assigned to each investment in our portfolio. In connection with our valuation process, GC Advisors and our board of trustees review these internal performance ratings on a quarterly basis. 
 
 The following table shows the distribution of our investments on the 1 to 5 internal performance rating scale at fair value as of September 30, 2023: As of September 30, 2023 Internal Performance Rating Investments at Fair Value (In thousands) Percentage of Total Investments 5 3,427 0.3 4 1,152,235 97.8 3 22,971 1.9 2 1 Total 1,178,633 100.0 
 10 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Investment Committee 
 
 GC Advisors investment committee, which is comprised of officers of GC Advisors, evaluates and approves all of our investments, subject to the oversight of our board of trustees. The investment committee process is intended to bring the diverse experience and perspectives of the committee s members to the analysis and consideration of each investment. The investment committee currently consists of Lawrence E. Golub, David B. Golub, Andrew H. Steuerman, Gregory W. Cashman, Spyro G. Alexopoulos, Marc C. Robinson, Robert G. Tuchscherer and Jason J. Van Dussen. The investment committee serves to provide investment consistency and adherence to our core investment philosophy and policies. The investment committee also determines appropriate investment sizing and suggests ongoing monitoring requirements. Investment teams and investment committees responsible for an area of investment may include investment professionals and senior management from among one or more of GC Advisors and its affiliates. 
 
 In addition to reviewing investments, investment committee meetings serve as a forum to discuss credit views and outlooks. Potential transactions and deal flow are reviewed on a regular basis. Members of the investment team are encouraged to share information and credit views with the investment committee early in their analysis. We believe this process improves the quality of the analysis and assists the deal team members to work more efficiently. 
 
 Each transaction is presented to the investment committee in a formal written report. Each investment opportunity generally receives the unanimous approval of the investment committee. Each member of the investment committee performs a similar role for other investment funds, accounts or other investment vehicles, collectively referred to as accounts, sponsored or managed by Golub Capital and its affiliates. 
 
 Broadly Syndicated Loans Investment Team 
 
 GC Advisors broadly syndicated loans investment team BSL Team is generally responsible for managing our broadly syndicated loans where Golub Capital does not act as lead arranger, joint lead arranger or co-manager BSLs ). Our BSL investments may be comprised of debt obligations with various public credit ratings, although we expect such investments primarily to be comprised of obligations below investment grade quality. 
 
 Investment Structure 
 
 Once GC Advisors determines that a prospective portfolio company is suitable for investment, GC Advisors typically works with the private equity sponsor, if applicable, the management of that company and its other capital providers to structure our investment. GC Advisors negotiates with these parties to agree on how our investment should be structured relative to other capital in the portfolio company s capital structure. 
 
 GC Advisors structures our investments, which typically have maturities of three to seven years, as follows: 
 
 Senior Secured Loans . GC Advisors structures these investments as senior secured loans. We obtain security interests in the assets of the portfolio company that serve as collateral in support of the repayment of our senior secured loans. This collateral often takes the form of first-priority liens on the assets of the portfolio company. Our senior secured loans often provide for moderate loan amortization in the early years of the loan, with the majority of the amortization deferred until loan maturity. Our senior secured loans may include a payment in kind, or PIK, feature. 
 
 One Stop Loans. GC Advisors structures our one stop loans as senior secured loans. A one stop loan is a single loan that blends the characteristics of traditional first lien senior secured debt and traditional junior debt. The structure generally combines the stronger lender protections associated with senior debt with the superior economics of junior capital. We obtain security interests in the assets of the portfolio company that serve as collateral in support of the repayment of these loans. This collateral often takes the form of first-priority liens on the assets of the portfolio company. In some cases, one stop loans are provided to borrowers experiencing high revenue growth supported by a high level of discretionary expenditures. As part of the underwriting of such loans and consistent with industry practice, we adjust our characterization of the earnings of such borrowers for a reduction or elimination of such 
 11 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

discretionary expenses, if appropriate. One stop loans typically provide for moderate loan amortization in the initial years of the facility, with the majority of the amortization deferred until loan maturity. Our one stop loans may include a PIK feature. One stop loans generally allow the borrower to make a large lump sum payment of principal at the end of the loan term and there is a risk of loss if the borrower is unable to pay the lump sum or refinance the amount owed at maturity. In many cases, we are the sole lender or we, together with our affiliates, are the sole lenders of a one stop loan, which can afford us additional influence over the borrower in terms of monitoring and, if necessary, remediating any underperformance. 
 
 One stop loans include loans to technology companies undergoing strong growth due to new services, increased adoption and/or entry into new markets. We refer to loans to these companies as recurring revenue loans. Other targeted characteristics of recurring revenue businesses include strong customer revenue retention rates, a diversified customer base and backing from growth equity or venture capital firms. In some cases, the borrower s high revenue growth is supported by a high level of discretionary spending. As part of the underwriting of such loans and consistent with industry practice, we adjust our characterization of the earnings of such borrowers for a reduction or elimination of such discretionary expenses, if appropriate. 
 
 Second Lien Loans. GC Advisors structures these investments as subordinated, secured loans for which our claims on the related collateral are subordinated. We obtain security interests in the assets of the portfolio company that serve as collateral in support of the repayment of such loans. This collateral typically takes the form of second priority liens on the assets of a portfolio company. Second lien loans typically provide for minimal loan amortization in the initial years of the facility, with the majority of the amortization deferred until loan maturity. 
 
 Subordinated Loans. GC Advisors structures these investments as unsecured, subordinated loans that provide for relatively high, fixed interest rates and provide us with significant current interest income. These loans typically require interest-only payments (often representing a combination of cash pay and payment-in-kind, or PIK, interest) in the early years, with all or the majority of amortization of principal deferred until loan maturity. Subordinated loans generally allow the borrower to make a large lump sum payment of principal at the end of the loan term, and there is a risk of loss if the borrower is unable to pay the lump sum or refinance the amount owed at maturity. 
 
 Second lien loans and subordinated loans are generally more volatile than first lien, senior secured loans and involve a greater risk of loss of principal. In addition, the PIK feature of many subordinated loans, which effectively operates as negative amortization of loan principal, increases credit risk exposure over the life of the loan. Subordinated loans are more likely to include a PIK feature. 
 
 Equity Investments. GC Advisors structures these investments as direct or indirect minority equity co-investments in a portfolio company, usually on terms similar to the controlling private equity sponsor and in connection with our loan to such portfolio company. As a result, if a portfolio company appreciates in value, we can achieve additional investment return from these equity co-investments. GC Advisors can structure these equity co-investments to include provisions protecting our rights as a minority-interest holder, which could include a put, or right to sell such securities back to the issuer, upon the occurrence of specified events or demand and piggyback registration rights. However, because these equity co-investments will typically be in private companies, there is no guarantee that we, as a minority-interest holder, will control the timing or value of our realization of any gains on such investments. Our equity co-investments will typically include customary tag-along and/or drag-along rights that will permit or require us to participate in a sale of such equity co-investments at such time as the majority owners, not GC Advisors, determine. 
 
 GC Advisors tailors the terms of each investment to the facts and circumstances of the transaction and the prospective portfolio company, negotiating a structure that protects our rights and manages our risk while creating incentives for the portfolio company to achieve its business plan and improve its operating results. GC Advisors seeks to limit the downside potential of our investments by: 
 
 selecting investments that we believe have a very low probability of loss; 
 requiring a total return on our investments that we believe will compensate us appropriately for credit risk; and 
 12 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

negotiating covenants in connection with our investments that afford our portfolio companies as much flexibility in managing their businesses as possible, consistent with the preservation of our capital. Such restrictions could include affirmative and negative covenants, default penalties, lien protection, change of control provisions and board rights. 
 We expect to hold most of our investments to maturity or repayment, but we may sell some of our investments earlier if a liquidity event occurs, such as a sale, recapitalization or worsening of the credit quality of the portfolio company. 
 
 Investments 
 
 We invest primarily in first lien, senior secured loans in middle-market companies in industries that we believe are recession resistant. In addition, we seek to have a portfolio of first-lien, senior secured loans to borrowers believed to be insulated from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Under normal conditions and once we have invested a substantial amount of proceeds from the offerings, we expect to make investments that typically will have position sizes under 1 of our portfolio, on average. We expect to selectively invest more than 1 of capital in some of our portfolio companies and generally expect that the size of our individual investments will vary proportionately with the size of our capital base, particularly during the period prior to raising sufficient capital, which may result in larger individual investments when and if our capital base increases. We may invest in companies of any size or capitalization. Set forth below is a list of our ten largest portfolio company investments as of September 30, 2023, as well as the top ten industries in which we were invested as of September 30, 2023, calculated as a percentage of our total investments at fair value as of such date. 
 Portfolio Company Fair Value of Investments (In thousands) Percentage of Total Investments Hyland Software, Inc. 28,256 2.4 VSG Acquisition Corp. and Sherrill, Inc. 23,638 2.0 COP CollisionRight Holdings, Inc. 23,191 2.0 SSRG Holdings, LLC 23,099 2.0 TWAS Holdings, LLC 22,951 1.9 Majesco 21,477 1.8 Finastra USA, Inc. 20,415 1.7 Envernus, Inc. 20,408 1.7 Qgenda Intermediate Holdings, LLC 20,067 1.7 IG Investments Holdings, LLC 20,007 1.7 223,509 18.9 
 Industry Fair Value of Investments (In thousands) Percentage of Total Investments Software 238,548 20.3 Insurance 90,944 7.7 Automobiles 70,998 6.0 Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 69,989 6.0 Healthcare Providers and Services 69,045 5.9 Diversified Consumer Services 59,230 5.0 Health Care Technology 53,800 4.6 Professional Services 52,912 4.5 Specialty Retail 50,877 4.3 IT Services 50,300 4.3 806,643 68.6 

13 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Managerial Assistance 
 
 As a business development company, we offer, and must provide upon request, managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. This assistance could involve monitoring the operations of our portfolio companies, participating in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising officers of portfolio companies and providing other organizational and financial guidance. The Administrator or an affiliate of the Administrator provides such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that request this assistance. We could receive fees for these services and reimburse the Administrator or an affiliate of the Administrator, as applicable, for its allocated costs in providing such assistance, subject to the review and approval by our board of trustees, including our independent trustees. 
 
 Temporary Investments 
 
 Pending investment in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, our investments could consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, repurchase agreements and high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or less from the date of investment, which we refer to, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70 of our assets are qualifying assets or temporary investments. Typically, we will invest in U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements, so long as the agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price that is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that could be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25 of our total assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty, we would generally not meet the Diversification Tests, described in Section 851(b)(3) of the Code in order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. GC Advisors will monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Our primary competitors in providing financing to middle-market companies include public and private funds, other business development companies, commercial and investment banks, commercial financing companies and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity and hedge funds. Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, we believe some competitors have access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a business development company or to the source-of-income, asset diversification and distribution requirements we must satisfy to elect and maintain our qualification as a RIC. 
 
 We use the expertise of the investment professionals of Golub Capital and its affiliates to which we have access to assess investment risks and determine appropriate pricing for our investments in portfolio companies. In addition, the relationships of the senior members of Golub Capital and its affiliates enable us to learn about, and compete effectively for, financing opportunities with attractive middle-market companies in the industries in which we invest. See " Risk Factors - Risks Relating to our Business and Structure - We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities, which could reduce returns and result in losses ." 

14 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Administration 
 
 We do not have any direct employees, and our day-to-day investment operations are managed by GC Advisors. Our business and affairs are managed under the direction of our board of trustees. We have a chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief operating officer, chief compliance officer, managing directors and an associate director, and to the extent necessary, our board of trustees can elect to appoint additional officers going forward. Our officers are officers and/or employees of Golub Capital LLC, an affiliate of GC Advisors, and our allocable portion of the cost of our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs is paid by us pursuant to the administration agreement, or the Administration Agreement, with the Administrator. See Management Agreements Administration Agreement. 
 
 15 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SUMMARY RISK FACTORS 
 
 The risk factors described below are a summary of the principal risk factors associated with an investment in us. These are not the only risks we face. You should carefully consider these risk factors, together with the risk factors set forth in Item 1A. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the other reports and documents filed by us with the SEC. 
 
 We are subject to risks relating to our business and structure 
 
 We are a relatively new company with a limited operating history. 
 We are subject to risks associated with the current interest rate environment and to the extent we use debt to finance our investments, changes in interest rates will affect our cost of capital and net investment income. 
 We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities, which could reduce returns and result in losses. 
 Rising interest rates could affect the value of our investments and could make it more difficult for portfolio companies to make periodic payments on their loans. 
 We are subject to risks associated with the transition away from LIBOR. 
 We are dependent upon GC Advisors for our success and upon its access to the investment professionals and partners of Golub Capital and its affiliates. 
 Our business model depends to a significant extent upon strong referral relationships with sponsors and investing in companies backed by private equity sponsors. Any inability of GC Advisors to maintain or develop these relationships, or the failure of these relationships to generate investment opportunities, could adversely affect our business. 
 There are significant potential conflicts of interest as a result of our arrangements with GC Advisors and its affiliates and GC Advisors investment committee that could affect our investment returns. 
 GC Advisors could make certain investment decisions for the purpose of receiving transaction fees. 
 Reductions, waivers or absorptions of fees and costs can temporarily result in higher returns to investors than they would otherwise receive if full fees and costs were charged. 
 GC Advisors could prioritize its relationship with a borrower or private equity sponsor instead of seeking the most advantageous terms for our investments. 
 GC Advisors operates in multiple business lines and could pursue additional business lines, which could create a conflict of interest in the allocation of its time and focus. 
 Golub Capital could pursue strategic transactions, which could create a conflict of interest in the allocation of GC Advisors time and focus. 
 We and GC Advisors could be the target of litigation or regulatory investigations. 
 We are subject to certain risks related to our ability to qualify as a RIC and to related regulations governing our operation as a business development company. 
 We finance our investments with borrowed money, which will accelerate and increase the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and could increase the risk of investing in us. 
 We may default under our credit facilities. 
 The majority of our portfolio investments are recorded at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of trustees and, as a result, there could be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments. 
 Our board of trustees could change our investment objective, operating policies and strategies without prior notice or shareholder approval. 
 GC Advisors can resign on 120 days notice, and we can provide no assurance that we could find a suitable replacement within that time, resulting in a disruption in our operations that could adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. 
 The Administrator can resign on 60 days notice, and we can provide no assurance that we could find a suitable replacement within that time, resulting in a disruption in our operations that could adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to risks relating to our investments 
 
 Economic recessions or downturns could impair our portfolio companies and defaults by our portfolio companies will harm our operating results. 
 16 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Inflation could adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition of our portfolio companies. 
 Our investments in debt, leveraged portfolio companies, and private and middle-market portfolio companies are risky and we could lose all or part of our investment. 
 The lack of liquidity in our investments could adversely affect our business. 
 Price declines and illiquidity in the corporate debt markets could adversely affect the fair value of our portfolio investments, reducing our net asset value, or NAV through increased net unrealized depreciation. 
 Our portfolio companies could prepay loans, which could reduce our yields if capital returned cannot be invested in transactions with equal or greater expected yields. 
 We are subject to credit and default risk and our portfolio companies could be unable to repay or refinance outstanding principal on their loans at or prior to maturity. 
 Our portfolio could be concentrated in a limited number of portfolio companies and industries, which will subject us to a risk of significant loss if any of these companies defaults on its obligations under any of its debt instruments or if there is a downturn in a particular industry. 
 We could hold the debt securities of leveraged companies that could, due to the significant volatility of such companies, enter into bankruptcy proceedings. 
 Our failure to make follow-on investments in our portfolio companies could impair the value of our portfolio. 
 Because we generally do not hold controlling equity interests in our portfolio companies, we generally will not be able to exercise control over our portfolio companies or to prevent decisions by management of our portfolio companies that could decrease the value of our investments. 
 Our portfolio companies could incur debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies and such portfolio companies could fail to generate sufficient cash flow to service their debt obligations to us. 
 The disposition of our investments could result in contingent liabilities. 
 GC Advisors liability is limited, and we have agreed to indemnify GC Advisors against certain liabilities, which could lead GC Advisors to act in a riskier manner on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. 
 We could be subject to risks if we engage in hedging transactions and could become subject to risks if we invest in foreign securities. 
 We could suffer losses from our equity investments. 
 We could be subject to lender liability claims with respect to our portfolio company investments. 
 
 Investors are subject to risks relating to an investment in our securities 
 
 Investing in our securities could involve an above average degree of risk. 
 There is a risk that investors in our equity securities will not receive distributions or that our distributions will not grow over time and a portion of our distributions could be a return of capital. 
 We have not established any limit on the amount of funds we can use from available sources, such as borrowings, if any, or proceeds from private placements of our common shares, to fund distributions. 
 17 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

MANAGEMENT AGREEMENTS 
 GC Advisors is located at 200 Park Avenue, 25th Floor, New York, NY 10166. GC Advisors is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act. GC Advisors is controlled by Lawrence E. Golub and David B. Golub and the beneficial interests in GC Advisors are majority owned, indirectly, by two affiliated trusts for the benefit of Lawrence E. Golub and David B. Golub and their respective families. The trustees of those trusts are Stephen A. Kepniss and David L. Finegold. Subject to the overall supervision of our board of trustees and in accordance with the 1940 Act, GC Advisors manages our day-to-day operations and provides investment advisory services to us. Under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, GC Advisors: 
 determines the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes; 
 identifies, evaluates and negotiates the structure of the investments we make (including performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies); 
 executes, closes, services and monitors the investments we make; 
 determines the securities and other assets that we purchase, retain or sell; and 
 provides us with such other investment advisory, research and related services as we, from time to time, reasonably require for the investment of our funds. 
 GC Advisors services under the Investment Advisory Agreement are not exclusive. Subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, GC Advisors can enter into one or more sub-advisory agreements under which GC Advisors would obtain assistance in fulfilling its responsibilities under the Investment Advisory Agreement. 
 
 Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, we pay GC Advisors a fee for investment advisory and management services consisting of two components a base management fee, or the Base Management Fee, and an incentive fee, or the Incentive Fee. The cost of both the Base Management Fee and the Incentive Fee is ultimately borne by our shareholders. 
 
 Management Fee 
 
 The Base Management Fee is payable quarterly in arrears at an annual rate of 1.25 of the value of our net assets as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the applicable quarter adjusted for share issuances and repurchases. For purposes of the Investment Advisory Agreement, net assets means our total assets less liabilities determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. For the first calendar quarter in which we have operations, net assets will be measured as the beginning total assets less liabilities as of the date on which we break escrow. 
 
 Incentive Fee 
 
 The Incentive Fee consists of two components that are independent of each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. A portion of the incentive fee is based on a percentage of our income (the Income Incentive Fee and a portion is based on a percentage of our capital gains (the Capital Gain Incentive Fee ). 

18 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Income Incentive Fee 
 
 The Income Incentive Fee is based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns means, as the context requires, either the dollar value of, or percentage rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediate preceding quarter, as adjusted for share issuances and repurchases, from interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus our operating expenses accrued for the quarter (including the management fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement entered into between us and the Administrator, and any interest expense or fees on any credit facilities or outstanding debt and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred shares, but excluding the incentive fee and any shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees). 
 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns include, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with PIK interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns do not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. The impact of expense support payments and recoupments are also excluded from Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediate preceding quarter, is compared to a hurdle rate of return of 1.25 per quarter (5.0 annualized). 
 
 We calculate the Income Incentive Fee quarterly in arrears with respect to our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in each calendar quarter as follows: 
 
 zero in any calendar quarter in which the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns does not exceed the hurdle rate; 
 100 of that portion of such Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than a rate of return of 1.43 (5.72 annualized). We refer to this portion of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns (which exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 1.43 as the catch-up . The catch-up is meant to provide GC Advisors with approximately 12.5 of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns as if a hurdle rate did not apply if this net investment income exceeds 1.43 in any calendar quarter; and 
 12.5 of the dollar amount of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, if any, that exceed a rate of return of 1.43 (5.72 annualized). This reflects that once the hurdle rate is reached and the catch-up is achieved, 12.5 of all Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns thereafter are allocated to GC Advisors. 
 
 The sum of these calculations yields the Income Incentive Fee. This amount is appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the quarter. 
 
 Capital Gain Incentive Fee 
 
 The Capital Gain Incentive Fee component is payable at the end of each calendar year in arrears. The amount payable equals: 
 
 12.5 of cumulative realized capital gains from inception through the end of such calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid incentive fee on capital gains as calculated in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Each year, the fee paid for the capital gains incentive fee is net of the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fee for all prior periods. We will accrue, but will not pay, a capital gains incentive fee with respect to unrealized appreciation because a capital gains incentive fee would be owed to GC Advisors if we were to sell the relevant investment and realize a capital gain. In no event will the capital gains incentive fee payable pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement be in excess of the amount permitted by the Advisers Act, including Section 205 thereof. 
 
 19 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Payment of Our Expenses 
 
 All investment professionals of GC Advisors and/or its affiliates, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and management services to us, and the compensation and routine overhead expenses of personnel allocable to these services to us, are provided and paid for by GC Advisors and not by us. We bear all other out-of-pocket costs and expenses of our operations and transactions. See "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview Expenses. 
 
 Duration and Termination 
 
 Unless terminated earlier as described below, the Investment Advisory Agreement will continue in effect for an initial term of two years and then from year to year thereafter if approved annually by our board of trustees or by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, and, in either case, if also approved by a majority of our trustees who are not interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act, of us or GC Advisors. The Investment Advisory Agreement automatically terminates in the event of its assignment, as defined in the 1940 Act, by GC Advisors and can be terminated by either party without penalty upon not less than 60 days written notice to the other. The holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, by vote, can also terminate the Investment Advisory Agreement without penalty. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to our Business and Structure We are dependent upon GC Advisors for our success and upon its access to the investment professionals and partners of Golub Capital and its affiliates. . 
 
 Indemnification 
 
 The Investment Advisory Agreement provides that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations, GC Advisors and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with it are entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of GC Advisors services under the Investment Advisory Agreement or otherwise as our investment adviser. 
 
 Approval of the Investment Advisory Agreement 
 
 At a meeting of our board of trustees held on April 4, 2023, our board of trustees voted unanimously to approve the Investment Advisory Agreement for an initial term of two years from its effective date. In reaching a decision to approve the Investment Advisory Agreement, our board of trustees reviewed a significant amount of information and considered, among other things: 
 
 the nature, quality and extent of the advisory and other services to be provided to us by GC Advisors; 
 the investment advisory fee rates to be paid by us to GC Advisors; 
 the fee structures of comparable externally managed business development companies that engage in similar investing activities; 
 our projected operating expenses and expense ratio comparisons of business development companies with similar investment objectives; 
 information about the services performed and the personnel performing such services under the Investment Advisory Agreement; and 
 the organizational capability and financial condition of GC Advisors and its affiliates. 
 
 Based on the information reviewed and the considerations detailed above, our board of trustees, including all of the trustees who are not interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act, of us or GC Advisors, concluded that the investment advisory fee rates and terms are fair and reasonable in relation to the services provided. 

20 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Administration Agreement 
 
 Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, the Administrator furnishes us with office facilities and equipment and provides clerical, bookkeeping, recordkeeping and other administrative services at such facilities. Under the Administration Agreement, the Administrator performs, or oversees or arranges for the performance of, our required administrative services, which include being responsible for the financial and other records that we are required to maintain and preparing reports to our shareholders and reports filed with the SEC. In addition, the Administrator assists us in determining and publishing our net asset value, or NAV, and net offering price, oversees the preparation and filing of our tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to our shareholders, and generally oversees the payment of our expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others. The Administrator can retain third parties to assist in providing administrative services to us. To the extent that the Administrator outsources any of its functions, we pay the fees associated with such functions on a direct basis without profit to the Administrator. We reimburse the Administrator for the allocable portion (subject to review and approval of our board of trustees) of the Administrator s overhead and other expenses incurred by it in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent, fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions and our allocable portion of the cost of our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs. Our board of trustees reviews the expenses reimbursed to the Administrator, including any allocation of expenses among us and other entities for which the Administrator provides similar services, to determine that these expenses are reasonable and comparable to administrative services charged by unaffiliated third-party asset managers. In addition, if requested to provide managerial assistance to our portfolio companies, the Administrator is paid an additional amount based on the cost of the services provided, which shall not exceed the amount we receive from such portfolio companies for providing this assistance. The Administration Agreement can be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other party. 
 
 Indemnification 
 
 The Administration Agreement provides that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations, the Administrator and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with it are entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of the Administrator s services under the Administration Agreement or otherwise as our administrator. 
 
 Managing Dealer Agreement 
 
 We have entered into a managing dealer agreement (the Managing Dealer Agreement with Arete Wealth Management, LLC (the Managing Dealer ). Under the terms of the Managing Dealer Agreement, the Managing Dealer manages relationships with third-party brokers engaged by the Managing Dealer to participate in the distribution of our Class I Shares, Class D Shares and Class S shares (referred to as participating brokers ), and financial advisors. The Managing Dealer is entitled to receive shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees monthly in arrears at an annual rate of 0.85 and 0.25 of the aggregate NAV attributable to Class S shares and Class D shares, respectively. No shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees are paid with respect to Class I shares. The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees are payable to the Managing Dealer, but the Managing Dealer anticipates that all or a portion of the shareholder servicing fees and/or distribution fees will be retained by, or reallowed (paid) to, participating brokers. In addition, pursuant to the Managing Dealer Agreement, we pay the Managing Dealer certain fees for its services as Managing Dealer, which are borne indirectly by our shareholders. 
 
 The Managing Dealer is a broker-dealer registered with the SEC and a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ). 
 
 The Managing Dealer Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, by vote of a majority of our trustees who are not interested persons , as defined in the 1940 Act, and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of our distribution and servicing plan or the Managing Dealer Agreement or by vote a majority of our outstanding voting securities, on not more than 60 days written notice to the Managing 
 21 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Dealer or GC Advisors. The Managing Dealer Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment, as defined in the 1940 Act. 
 
 Distribution and Servicing Plan 
 
 On April 4, 2023, our board of trustees approved a distribution and servicing plan (the Distribution and Servicing Plan ). The following table shows the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees we pay the Managing Dealer with respect to the Class S, Class D and Class I on an annualized basis as a percentage of our NAV for such class. The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees are paid monthly in arrears, calculated using the NAV of the applicable class as of the beginning of the first calendar day of each applicable quarter. The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees are calculated and paid separately for each class. 
 Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fee as a of NAV Class S Shares 0.85 Class D Shares 0.25 Class I Shares N/A 
 
 The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees paid under the Distribution and Servicing Plan are used primarily to compensate the Managing Dealer for such services provided in connection with the offering and sale of our shares, and/or to reimburse the Managing Dealer for related expenses incurred, including payments by the Managing Dealer to compensate or reimburse brokers, other financial institutions or other industry professionals, for distribution services and sales support services provided and related expenses. Payments of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee are also used to compensate the Managing Dealer for personal services and/or the maintenance of shareholder accounts services provided to shareholders in the related share class and may be made without regard to expenses actually incurred. 
 
 Payments of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees on behalf of a particular share class must be in consideration of services rendered for or on behalf of such class. In addition to the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees, we also pay the Managing Dealer certain additional fees for its services under the Distribution and Servicing Plan, which are borne indirectly by our shareholders. Any fees paid pursuant to the Distribution and Servicing Plan may not exceed the maximum amounts, if any, as may from time to time be permitted by FINRA rules. 
 
 Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement 
 
 We have entered into an expense support and conditional reimbursement agreement with GC Advisors. Pursuant to the agreement, GC Advisors may elect to pay certain expenses on the our behalf (each, an Expense Support Payment ), provided that no portion of the payment will be used to pay any of our interest expense or distribution and/or shareholder servicing fees. Any Expense Support Payment that GC Advisors has committed to pay must be paid to us by GC Advisors in any combination of cash or other immediately available funds no later than forty-five days after such commitment was made in writing, and/or offset against amounts due from us to GC Advisors or its affiliates. 
 
 Following any calendar month in which Available Operating Funds (as defined below) exceed the cumulative distributions accrued to our shareholders based on distributions declared with respect to record dates occurring in such calendar month (the amount of such excess being hereinafter referred to as Excess Operating Funds ), we shall pay such Excess Operating Funds, or a portion thereof, to GC Advisors until such time as all Expense Support Payments made by GC Advisors to us within three years prior to the last business day of such calendar month have been reimbursed. Any payments required to be made by us shall be referred to herein as a Reimbursement Payment . Available Operating Funds means the sum of (i) our net investment income calculated in accordance with GAAP, (ii) net capital gains (including the excess of net long-term capital gains over net short-term capital losses) and (iii) dividends and other distributions paid to us on account of investments in portfolio companies (to the extent such amounts listed in clause (iii) are not included under clauses (i) and (ii) above). 

22 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

No Reimbursement Payment for any month will be made if: (1) the Effective Rate of Distributions Per Share (as defined below) declared by us at the time of such Reimbursement Payment is less than the Effective Rate of Distributions Per Share at the time the Expense Payment was made to which such Reimbursement Payment relates, or (2) our Operating Expense Ratio (as defined below) at the time of such Reimbursement Payment is greater than the Operating Expense Ratio at the time the Expense Payment was made to which such Reimbursement Payment relates. Pursuant to the Expense Support Agreement, Effective Rate of Distributions Per Share means the annualized rate (based on a 365 day year) of regular cash distributions per share exclusive of returns of capital, distribution rate reductions due to distribution and shareholder fees, and declared special dividends or special distributions, if any. The Operating Expense Ratio is calculated by dividing operating expenses, less organizational and offering expenses, base management and incentive fees owed to Adviser, and interest expense, by our net assets. 
 
 Our obligation to make a Reimbursement Payment shall automatically become our liability on the last business day of the applicable calendar month, except to the extent GC Advisors has waived its right to receive such payment for the applicable month. 
 
 Public Offering Escrow Agreement 
 
 We entered into an escrow agreement (the Public Offering Escrow Agreement with UMB Bank, N.A.. We will accept purchase orders and hold investors funds in an interest-bearing escrow account until we receive purchase orders for at least 100 investors in such class (the Minimum Shareholder Amount and our board of trustees has authorized the release of the funds in the escrow account. If, as of the close of business on the one year anniversary of the commencement of the its offering, we have not satisfied the Minimum Shareholder Amount, the escrow agent will promptly send investors a full refund of their investment with interest and without deduction for escrow expenses. If we break escrow for its offering, interest earned on funds in escrow will be released to our account and constitute part of our net assets. 
 
 License Agreement 
 
 We have entered into a license agreement with Golub Capital LLC under which Golub Capital LLC has granted us a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name Golub Capital . Under this agreement, we will have a right to use the Golub Capital name for so long as GC Advisors or one of its affiliates remains our investment adviser. Other than with respect to this limited license, we will have no legal right to the Golub Capital name. This license agreement will remain in effect so long as the Investment Advisory Agreement with GC Advisors is in effect. The license agreement can be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other party. 
 
 Staffing Agreement 
 
 We do not have any internal management capacity or employees. We depend on the diligence, skill and network of business contacts of the senior investment professionals of GC Advisors to achieve our investment objective. GC Advisors is an affiliate of Golub Capital LLC and depends upon access to the investment professionals and other resources of Golub Capital LLC and its affiliates to fulfill its obligations to us under the Investment Advisory Agreement. GC Advisors also depends upon Golub Capital LLC to obtain access to deal flow generated by the professionals of Golub Capital LLC and its affiliates. Under the Staffing Agreement, Golub Capital LLC provides GC Advisors with the resources necessary to fulfill these obligations. The Staffing Agreement provides that Golub Capital LLC will make available to GC Advisors experienced investment professionals and access to the senior investment personnel of Golub Capital LLC for purposes of evaluating, negotiating, structuring, closing and monitoring our investments. The Staffing Agreement also includes a commitment that the members of GC Advisors investment committee serve in such capacity. The Staffing Agreement remains in effect until terminated and could be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other party. Services under the Staffing Agreement are provided to GC Advisors on a direct cost reimbursement basis, and such fees are not our obligation. 

23 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

REGULATION 
 
 General 
 
 We are a business development company under the 1940 Act and intend to elect to be treated as a RIC under the Code. The 1940 Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions between business development companies and their affiliates (including any investment advisers), principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters and requires that a majority of the trustees of a business development company be persons other than interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. In addition, the 1940 Act provides that we cannot change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a business development company without the approval of a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 
 
 We can invest up to 100 of our assets in securities acquired directly from issuers in privately negotiated transactions. With respect to such securities, we could, for the purpose of public resale, be deemed an underwriter, as that term is defined in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. Our intention is to not write (sell) or buy put or call options to manage risks associated with the publicly traded securities of our portfolio companies, except that we could enter into hedging transactions to manage the risks associated with interest rate or foreign currency fluctuations. However, we could purchase or otherwise receive warrants to purchase the common stock of our portfolio companies in connection with acquisition financing or other investments. 
 
 Similarly, in connection with an acquisition, we could acquire rights to require the issuers of acquired securities or their affiliates to repurchase them under certain circumstances. We also do not intend to acquire securities issued by any investment company in excess of the limits imposed by the 1940 Act. With regard to that portion of our portfolio invested in securities issued by investment companies, it should be noted that such investments could subject our shareholders to additional expenses. None of these policies, or any of our other policies, is fundamental and each could be changed without shareholder approval. To the extent we adopt any fundamental policies, no person from whom we borrow will have, in such person s capacity as lender or debt holder, either a veto power or a vote in approving or changing any of our fundamental policies. 
 
 Qualifying Assets 
 
 Under the 1940 Act, a business development company is restricted from acquiring any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the company s total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are the following: 
 
 (1) Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as could be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer that: 
 a. is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 
 b. is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company, or SBIC, wholly-owned by the business development company) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and 
 c. satisfies either of the following: 
 i. does not have any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or has any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange subject to a 250.0 million market capitalization maximum; or 
 ii. is controlled by a business development company or a group of companies including a business development company, the business development company actually exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of the eligible portfolio company, and, 
 24 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

as a result, the business development company has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company. 
 (2) Securities of any eligible portfolio company that we control. 
 (3) Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident to such a private transaction, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities, was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 
 (4) Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already own 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 
 (5) Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 
 (6) Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities that mature in one year or less from the date of investment. 
 The regulations defining and interpreting qualifying assets can change over time. We could adjust our investment focus as needed to comply with and/or take advantage of any regulatory, legislative, administrative or judicial actions in this area. 
 
 We look through our consolidated subsidiaries to the underlying holdings (considered together with portfolio assets held outside of our consolidated subsidiaries) for purposes of determining compliance with the 70 qualifying assets requirement of the 1940 Act. At least 70 of our assets will be eligible assets. 
 
 Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies 
 
 A business development company must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described in (1), (2) or (3) above. However, in order to count portfolio securities as qualifying assets for the purpose of the 70 test, the business development company must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities significant managerial assistance. However, when the business development company purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group could make available such managerial assistance. Making available significant managerial assistance means any arrangement whereby the business development company, through its trustees, officers or employees, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. The Administrator, or an affiliate of the Administrator, provides such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that request this assistance. 
 
 Senior Securities 
 
 We are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of shares senior to our common shares if our asset coverage, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 200 (or 150 upon receipt of certain approvals and subject to the requirement that we make an offer to repurchase the shares of our shareholders) immediately after each such issuance (or such other percentage as could be prescribed by law from time to time). Prior to the enactment of the Small Business Credit Availability Act, or SBCAA, in March 2018, the asset coverage requirement applicable to business development companies was 200 . The SBCAA permits a business development company to be subject to an asset coverage requirement of 150 so long as it meets certain disclosure requirements and obtains certain approvals. The reduced asset coverage requirement permits a business development company to have a ratio of total consolidated assets to outstanding indebtedness of 2:1 as compared to a maximum of 1:1 under the 200 asset coverage requirement. In other words, under the 1940 Act, we are able to borrow 2 for investment purposes for every 1 of investor equity, as opposed to borrowing 1 for investment purposes for every 1 of investor equity. On May 17, 2023, our sole shareholder approved the adoption of this 150 threshold pursuant to Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act and such election became effective the following day. As of September 30, 2023, our asset coverage for borrowed amounts was 213.9 . 
 25 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding, we will be required to make provisions to prohibit any dividend distribution to our shareholders or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the dividend distribution or repurchase. We will also be permitted to borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our total assets for temporary or emergency purposes, which borrowings would not be considered senior securities. 
 
 We consolidate our financial results with all of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, including GCRED Holdings, the 2023 Issuer, formerly the CLO Vehicle, and the 2023 CLO Depositor for financial reporting purposes and measure our compliance with the leverage test applicable to business development companies under the 1940 Act on a consolidated basis. For a discussion of the risks associated with leverage, see Risk Factors Risks Relating to our Business and Structure Regulations governing our operation as a business development company affect our ability to, and the way in which we, raise additional capital. As a business development company, the necessity of raising additional capital exposes us to risks, including the typical risks associated with leverage . 
 
 Codes of Ethics 
 
 We and GC Advisors have each adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to each code can invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that could be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements. You can read and copy the code of ethics from the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. See Business General Information Available . In addition, each code of ethics is attached as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
 
 We have delegated our proxy voting responsibility to GC Advisors. The proxy voting policies and procedures of GC Advisors are set out below. The guidelines are reviewed periodically by GC Advisors and our trustees who are not interested persons and, accordingly, are subject to change. 
 
 Introduction 
 
 As an investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act, GC Advisors has a fiduciary duty to act solely in our best interests. As part of this duty, GC Advisors recognizes that it must vote our securities in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest and in our best interests. 
 
 GC Advisors policies and procedures for voting proxies for its investment advisory clients are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4)-6 under, the Advisers Act. 
 
 Proxy Policies 
 
 GC Advisors votes proxies relating to our portfolio securities in what it perceives to be the best interest of our shareholders. GC Advisors reviews on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted to a shareholder vote to determine its effect on the portfolio securities we hold. In most cases GC Advisors will vote in favor of proposals that GC Advisors believes are likely to increase the value of the portfolio securities we hold. Although GC Advisors will generally vote against proposals that could have a negative effect on our portfolio securities, GC Advisors could vote for such a proposal if there exist compelling long-term reasons to do so. 
 
 Our proxy voting decisions are made by GC Advisors chief executive officer and president. To ensure that GC Advisors vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, GC Advisors requires that (1) anyone involved in the decision-making process disclose to its chief compliance officer any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote and (2) employees involved in the decision-making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how GC Advisors intends to vote on a proposal in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. Where conflicts of interest may be present, GC Advisors will disclose such conflicts to us, including our independent trustees, and could request guidance from us on how to vote such proxies. 
 26 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Proxy Voting Records 
 
 You can obtain information without charge about how GC Advisors voted proxies by making a written request for proxy voting information to: Golub Capital Private Credit Fund, Attention: Investor Relations, 200 Park Avenue, 25th Floor, New York, NY 10166, or by calling us to collect at (212) 750-6060. 
 
 Privacy Principles 
 
 We are committed to maintaining the privacy of our shareholders and to safeguarding their nonpublic personal information. 
 
 We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about our shareholders to employees of GC Advisors and its affiliates with a legitimate business need for the information. We will maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect the nonpublic personal information of our shareholders. 
 
 Other 
 
 Under the 1940 Act, we are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect us against larceny and embezzlement. Furthermore, as a business development company, we are prohibited from protecting any trustee or officer against any liability to us or our shareholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 
 
 We and GC Advisors are required to adopt and implement written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of relevant federal securities laws, review these policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation, and designate a chief compliance officer to be responsible for administering these policies and procedures. 
 
 We could also be prohibited under the 1940 Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our board of trustees who are not interested persons and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC. The SEC has interpreted the business development company prohibition on transactions with affiliates to prohibit joint transactions among entities that share a common investment adviser. The staff of the SEC has granted no-action relief permitting purchases of a single class of privately placed securities provided that the adviser negotiates no term other than price and certain other conditions are met. Any co-investment would be made subject to compliance with existing regulatory guidance, applicable regulations and our allocation procedures. If opportunities arise that would otherwise be appropriate for us and for another account sponsored or managed by GC Advisors to make different investments in the same issuer, GC Advisors will need to decide which account will proceed with the investment. Moreover, in certain circumstances, we could be unable to invest in an issuer in which another account sponsored or managed by GC Advisors has previously invested. 
 
 On February 27, 2017, GC Advisors and certain other funds and accounts sponsored or managed by GC Advisors and its affiliates, received exemptive relief from the SEC that permits us greater flexibility to negotiate the terms of co-investments if our board of trustees determines that it would be advantageous for us to co-invest with other accounts sponsored or managed by GC Advisors or its affiliates in a manner consistent with our investment objectives, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors. We believe that co-investment by us and accounts sponsored or managed by GC Advisors and its affiliates could afford us additional investment opportunities and the ability to achieve greater diversification. Under the terms of this exemptive relief, a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our independent trustees is required to make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the proposed transaction are reasonable and fair to us and our shareholders and do not involve overreaching of us or our shareholders on the part of any person concerned and (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of our shareholders and is consistent with our investment strategies and policies. On January 13, 2023, the SEC issued an order amending the existing co-investment exemptive relief order to incorporate the terms of the temporary, conditional exemptive relief announced by the SEC on April 8, 2020 in order to permit those entities permitted to rely on the order to participate in certain follow-on co-investment transactions. 
 27 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, imposes a variety of regulatory requirements on companies with a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and their insiders. Many of these requirements affect us. For example: 
 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Exchange Act our principal executive officer and principal financial officer must certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports; 
 pursuant to Item 307 under Regulation S-K under the Securities Act our periodic reports must disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, beginning with our fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, our management must prepare an annual report regarding its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting; and 
 pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act and Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 
 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to review our current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated under such act. We will continue to monitor our compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will take actions necessary to ensure that we comply with that act. 
 
 JOBS Act 
 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, or the JOBS Act. As an emerging growth company, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting and disclosure requirements that are applicable to public companies that are not emerging growth companies. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to: 
 
 have an auditor attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which may increase the risk that material weaknesses or other deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting go undetected; 
 submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory votes pursuant to the say on frequency and say on pay provisions (requiring a non-binding shareholder vote to approve compensation of certain executive officers) and the say on golden parachute provisions (requiring a non-binding shareholder vote to approve golden parachute arrangements for certain executive officers in connection with mergers and certain other business combinations) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, or Dodd-Frank; or 
 disclose certain executive compensation related items, such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the chief executive officer s compensation to median employee compensation, to the extent applicable. 
 
 In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company may take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies. This means that an emerging growth company can delay adopting certain accounting standards until such standards are otherwise applicable to private companies. 
 
 We will remain an emerging growth company for up to five years, or until the earliest of: (1) the last date of the fiscal year during which we had total annual gross revenues first exceed 1.235 billion; (2) the last day of the fiscal year ending after the fifth anniversary of any initial public offering of our common shares; (3) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt; or (4) the date on which we are 
 
 28 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

deemed to be a large accelerated filer as defined under Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act 
 (however, we are not likely to lose our status as an emerging growth company as a result of being deemed a large accelerated filer because there is not, and there is not expected to be, a public trading market for our common shares). 
 
 We do not believe that being an emerging growth company will have a significant impact on our business or our public or private offering of shares. As stated above, we have elected to opt in to the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards available to emerging growth companies. Also, because we are not a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer under Section12b2 of the Exchange Act, and will not be for so long as our common shares are not traded on a securities exchange, we will not be subject to auditor attestation requirements of Section404(b)of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act even once we are no longer an emerging growth company. In addition, so long as we are externally managed by GC Advisors and we do not directly compensate our executive officers, or reimburse GC Advisors or its affiliates for the salaries, bonuses, benefits and severance payments for persons who also serve as one of our executive officers or as an executive officer of GC Advisors, we do not expect to include disclosures relating to executive compensation in our periodic reports or proxy statements and, as a result, do not expect to be required to seek shareholder approval of executive compensation and golden parachute compensation arrangements pursuant to Section14A(a)and (b)of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 
 
 The following discussion is a general summary of the material U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to us and to an investment in shares of our common shares. This summary does not purport to be a complete description of the income tax considerations applicable to such an investment. For example, we have not described certain considerations that could be relevant to certain types of holders subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax laws, including shareholders subject to the alternative minimum tax, tax-exempt organizations, insurance companies, dealers in securities, traders in securities that elect to mark-to-market their securities holdings, pension plans and trusts, persons that have a functional currency (as defined in Section 985 of the Code) other than the U.S. dollar and financial institutions. This summary assumes that investors hold our common shares as capital assets (within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code). The discussion is based upon the Code, Treasury regulations and administrative and judicial interpretations, each as of the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and all of which are subject to change, possibly retroactively, which could affect the continuing validity of this discussion. We have not sought and will not seek any ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, or the IRS, regarding any offering of our securities. This summary does not discuss any aspects of U.S. estate or gift tax or foreign, state or local tax. It does not discuss the special treatment under U.S. federal income tax laws that could result if we invested in tax-exempt securities or certain other investment assets. For purposes of this discussion, references to dividends are to dividends within the meaning of the U.S. federal income tax laws and associated regulations and can include amounts subject to treatment as a return of capital under section 19(a) of the 1940 Act. 
 A U.S. shareholder is a beneficial owner of our common shares that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: 
 
 a citizen or individual resident of the United States; 
 
 a corporation, or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, created or organized in or under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia; 
 
 an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or 
 
 a trust if either a U.S. court can exercise primary supervision over its administration and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all of its substantial decisions or the trust was in existence on August 20, 1996, was treated as a U.S. person prior to that date, and has made a valid election to be treated as a U.S. person. 
 
 A Non-U.S. shareholder is a beneficial owner of our common shares that is not a U.S. shareholder. 

29 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

If a partnership (including an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds our common shares, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. A prospective investor that is a partner in a partnership that will hold our common shares should consult its tax advisors with respect to the purchase, ownership and disposition of our common shares. 
 
 Tax matters are very complicated and the tax consequences to an investor of an investment in our common shares will depend on the facts of his, her or its particular situation. We encourage investors to consult their own tax advisors regarding the specific consequences of such an investment, including tax reporting requirements, the applicability of U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax laws, eligibility for the benefits of any applicable tax treaty, and the effect of any possible changes in the tax laws. 
 
 Election to Be Taxed as a RIC 
 
 We intend to elect to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we generally will not be subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any net ordinary income or capital gains that we timely distribute to our shareholders as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to our shareholders. To qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, we must distribute to our shareholders, for each taxable year, dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes of an amount generally at least equal to 90 of our investment company taxable income, which is generally our net ordinary income plus the excess of realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses and determined without regard to any deduction for dividends paid, or the Annual Distribution Requirement. Although not required for us to maintain our RIC tax status, in order to preclude the imposition of a 4 nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax imposed on RICs, we must timely distribute to our shareholders in respect of each calendar year dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes of an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98 of our net ordinary income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections) for the calendar year, (2) 98.2 of the excess (if any) of our realized capital gains over our realized capital losses, or capital gain net income, adjusted for certain ordinary losses, generally for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year and (3) the sum of any net ordinary income plus capital gains net income for preceding years that were recognized but not distributed during such years and on which we incurred no federal income tax, or the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement. 
 
 Taxation as a RIC 
 
 If we: 
 qualify as a RIC; and 
 satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement; 
 then we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our investment company taxable income and net capital gain, which is defined as net long-term capital gains in excess of net short-term capital losses, we timely distribute as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to our shareholders. As a RIC, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates on any net income or net capital gain not distributed as dividends to our shareholders. 
 In order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things: 
 
 qualify and have in effect an election to be treated as a business development company under the 1940 Act at all times during each taxable year; 
 derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities loans, gains from the sale of stock or other securities, or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock or securities, and net income derived from interests in qualified publicly traded partnerships (partnerships that are traded on an established securities market or tradable on a secondary market, other than partnerships that derive 90 of their income from interest, dividends and other permitted RIC income), or the 90 Income Test; and 
 diversify our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year: 
 30 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

at least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of our assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer; and 
 no more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer or of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable tax rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or in the securities of one or more qualified publicly traded partnerships, or the Diversification Tests. 
 We can invest in partnerships, including qualified publicly traded partnerships, which could result in our being subject to state, local or foreign income, franchise or other tax liabilities. 
 
 In addition, as a RIC, we are subject to ordinary income and capital gain distribution requirements under U.S. federal excise tax rules for each calendar year. If we do not meet the required distributions, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax on the undistributed amount. The failure to meet U.S. federal excise tax distribution requirements will not cause us to lose our RIC status, and we could choose to retain taxable income or capital gains in excess of current year distributions into the next tax year in an amount less than what would trigger payments of federal income tax under Subchapter M of the Code. We could then be required to pay a 4 excise tax on such income or capital gains. 
 
 A RIC is limited in its ability to deduct expenses in excess of its investment company taxable income. If our deductible expenses in a given taxable year exceed our investment company taxable income, we could incur a net operating loss for that taxable year. However, a RIC is not permitted to carry forward net operating losses to subsequent taxable years and such net operating losses do not pass through to its shareholders. In addition, deductible expenses can be used only to offset investment company taxable income, not net capital gain. A RIC cannot use any net capital losses (that is, the excess of realized capital losses over realized capital gains) to offset its investment company taxable income, but could carry forward such net capital losses, and use them to offset future capital gains, indefinitely. Due to these limits on deductibility of expenses and net capital losses, we could for tax purposes have aggregate taxable income for several taxable years that we are required to distribute and that is taxable to our shareholders even if such taxable income is greater than the net income we actually earn during those taxable years. 
 
 Any underwriting fees paid by us are not deductible in computing our investment company taxable income. We could be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive cash. For example, if we hold a debt instrument that is treated under applicable tax rules as having original issue discount (such as debt instruments with PIK interest or, in certain cases, with increasing interest rates or issued with warrants), we must include in income each taxable year a portion of the original issue discount that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. Because any original issue discount accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the taxable year of accrual, we could be required to make a distribution to our shareholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement or the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. Furthermore, a portfolio company in which we hold equity or debt instruments could face financial difficulty that requires us to work out, modify, or otherwise restructure such equity or debt instruments. Any such restructuring could, depending upon the terms of the restructuring, cause us to incur unusable or nondeductible losses or recognize future non-cash taxable income. 
 
 Certain of our investment practices could be subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that could, among other things, (1) treat dividends that would otherwise constitute qualified dividend income as non-qualified dividend income, (2) treat dividends that would otherwise be eligible for the corporate dividends received deduction as ineligible for such treatment, (3) disallow, suspend or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions, (4) convert lower-taxed long-term capital gain into higher-taxed short-term capital gain or ordinary income, (5) convert an ordinary loss or a deduction into a capital loss (the deductibility of which is more limited), (6) cause us to recognize income or gain without a corresponding receipt of cash, (7) adversely affect the time as to when a purchase or sale of stock or securities is deemed to occur, (8) adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial 
 31 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

transactions and (9) produce income that will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 
 Income Test. We intend to monitor our transactions and could make certain tax elections to mitigate the effect of these provisions and to preserve our qualification as a RIC. There can be no assurance that we will be eligible for any such tax elections or that any adverse effects of these provisions will be mitigated. 
 
 Certain distributions reported by us as Section 163(j) interest dividends may be treated as interest income by shareholders for purposes of the tax rules applicable to interest expense limitations under Section 163(j) of the Code. Such treatment by the shareholder is generally subject to holding period requirements and other potential limitations, although the holding period requirements are generally not applicable to dividends declared by money market funds and certain other funds that declare dividends daily and pay such dividends on a monthly or more frequent basis. The amount that we are eligible to report as a Section 163(j) dividend for a tax year is generally limited to the excess of our business interest income over the sum of our (i) business interest expense and (ii) other deductions properly allocable to our business interest income. 
 
 We can invest a portion of our net assets in below investment grade instruments. Investments in these types of instruments can present special tax issues for us. U.S. federal income tax rules are not entirely clear about issues such as when we can cease to accrue interest, original issue discount or market discount, when and to what extent deductions can be taken for bad debts or worthless instruments, how payments received on obligations in default should be allocated between principal and income and whether exchanges of debt obligations in a bankruptcy or workout context are taxable. We intend to address these and other issues to the extent necessary in order to seek to ensure that we distribute sufficient income to avoid any material amount of either U.S. federal income tax or the 4 nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax. 
 
 Gain or loss realized by us from warrants acquired by us as well as any loss attributable to the lapse of such warrants generally will be treated as capital gain or loss. Such gain or loss generally will be long-term or short-term, depending on how long we held a particular warrant. 
 
 Our investment in non-U.S. securities could be subject to non-U.S. income, withholding and other taxes. In that case, our yield on those securities would be decreased. U.S. shareholders generally will not be entitled to claim a U.S. foreign tax credit or deduction with respect to non-U.S. taxes paid by us. 
 
 If we acquire shares in a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, we could be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a portion of any excess distribution received on, or any gain from the disposition of, such shares even if we distribute such income as a taxable dividend to shareholders. Additional charges in the nature of interest generally will be imposed on us in respect of deferred taxes arising from any such excess distribution or gain. If we invest in the shares of a PFIC and elect to treat the PFIC as a qualified electing fund under the Code, or QEF, in lieu of the foregoing requirements, we will be required to include in income each year our proportionate share of the ordinary earnings and net capital gain of the QEF, even if such income is not distributed by the QEF. Alternatively, we could elect to mark our shares in a PFIC at the end of each taxable year to market; in this case, we will recognize as ordinary income any increase in the value of such shares, and as ordinary loss any decrease in such value to the extent that any such decrease does not exceed prior increases in such value included in our income. Our ability to make either election will depend on factors beyond our control, and is subject to restrictions which could limit the availability of the benefit of these elections. Under either election, we could be required to recognize in a taxable year income in excess of any distributions we receive from PFICs and any proceeds from dispositions of PFIC stock during that taxable year, and such income will nevertheless be subject to the Annual Distribution Requirement and will be taken into account for purposes of determining whether we satisfy the distribution requirements under U.S. federal excise tax rules. 
 
 Under Section 988 of the Code, gains or losses attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates between the time we accrue income, expenses or other liabilities denominated in a foreign currency and the time we actually collect such income or pay such expenses or liabilities are generally treated as ordinary income or loss. Similarly, gains or losses on foreign currency-denominated forward, futures and option contracts, as well as certain other financial instruments, and the disposition of debt obligations denominated in a foreign currency, to the extent attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates between the acquisition and disposition dates, are also treated as ordinary income or loss. 
 
 32 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Although we do not presently expect to do so, we are authorized to borrow funds and to sell assets in order to satisfy distribution requirements. However, under the 1940 Act, we are not permitted to make distributions to our shareholders while our debt obligations and other senior securities are outstanding unless certain asset coverage tests are met. See Business Regulation Senior Securities . Moreover, our ability to dispose of assets to meet our distribution requirements could be limited by (1) the illiquid nature of our portfolio and/or (2) other requirements relating to our qualification as a RIC, including the Diversification Tests. If we dispose of assets in order to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement or the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement, we could make such dispositions at times that, from an investment standpoint, are not advantageous. 
 
 Some of the income and fees that we recognize , such as fees for providing managerial assistance, certain fees earned with respect to our investments, income recognized in a work-out or restructuring of a portfolio investment, or income recognized from an equity investment in an operating partnership, will not satisfy the 90 Income Test. In order to ensure that such income and fees do not disqualify us as a RIC for a failure to satisfy the 90 Income Test, we could be required to recognize such income and fees indirectly through one or more entities treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Such corporations will be required to incur a liability for U.S. corporate income tax as well as state and local tax on their earnings, which ultimately will reduce our return on such income and fees. 
 
 Failure to Qualify as a RIC 
 
 If we were unable to qualify for treatment as a RIC and are unable to cure the failure, for example, by disposing of certain investments quickly or raising additional capital to prevent the loss of RIC status, we would be subject to tax on all of our taxable income at regular corporate rates. The Code provides certain relief from RIC disqualification due to inadvertent failures to comply with the 90 Income Test and the Diversification Tests, although there could be additional taxes due in such cases. We cannot assure you that we would qualify for any such relief should we fail the 90 Income Test or the Diversification Tests. 
 
 Should failure occur, not only would all our taxable income be subject to tax at regular corporate rates, we would not be able to deduct dividend distributions to shareholders in computing our taxable income, nor would such distributions be required to be made. Distributions, including distributions of net long-term capital gain, would generally be taxable to our shareholders as ordinary dividend income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. Subject to certain limitations under the Code, certain corporate shareholders would be eligible to claim dividends received deduction with respect to such dividends and non-corporate shareholders would generally be able to treat such dividends as qualified dividend income, which is subject to reduced rates of U.S. federal income tax. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the shareholder s tax basis, and any remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain. If we fail to qualify as a RIC for a period greater than two consecutive taxable years, in order to qualify as a RIC in a subsequent taxable year, we could be subject to regular corporate income tax on any net built-in gains with respect to certain of our assets (i.e . , the excess of the aggregate gains, including items of income, over aggregate losses that would have been realized with respect to such assets if we had been liquidated) that we elect to recognize on requalification or when recognized over the next five taxable years. The remainder of this discussion assumes that we qualify as a RIC and have satisfied the Annual Distribution Requirement. 
 
 Taxation of U.S. Shareholders 
 
 Distributions by us generally are taxable to U.S. shareholders and generally will be characterized as either ordinary income or capital gains. Distributions of our investment company taxable income (which is, generally, our net ordinary income plus net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses, and determined without regard to any deduction for dividends paid) will be taxable as ordinary income to U.S. shareholders to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, whether paid in cash or reinvested in additional common shares. To the extent such distributions paid by us to non-corporate shareholders (including individuals) are attributable to dividends from U.S. corporations and certain qualified foreign corporations and if certain holding period requirements are met, such distributions generally will be treated as qualified dividend income and generally will be eligible for a maximum U.S. 
 
 33 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

federal tax rate of either 15 or 20 , depending on whether the individual shareholder s income exceeds certain threshold amounts, and if other applicable requirements are met, such 
 distributions generally will be eligible for the corporate dividends received deduction to the extent such dividends have been paid by a U.S. corporation. In this regard, it is anticipated that distributions paid by us will generally not be attributable to dividends and, therefore, generally will not qualify for the preferential maximum U.S. federal tax rate applicable to non-corporate shareholders as well as will not be eligible for the corporate dividends received deduction. 
 
 Distributions of our net capital gains (which is generally our realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses) properly designated by us as capital gain dividends to a U.S. shareholder generally will be characterized as long-term capital gains. Capital gain dividends distributed to U.S. shareholders, other than corporations, are generally subject to a maximum U.S. federal income tax rate of either 15 or 20 , depending on whether the individual shareholder s income exceeds certain threshold amounts, regardless of the U.S. shareholder s holding period for the shareholder s common shares and regardless of whether paid in cash or reinvested in additional common shares. Capital gain dividends distributed to U.S. shareholders classified as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes are generally subject to U.S. federal income tax at rates applicable to ordinary income. Distributions in excess of our earnings and profits first will reduce a U.S. shareholder s adjusted tax basis in such shareholder s common shares and, after the adjusted basis is reduced to zero, will constitute capital gains to such U.S. shareholder. Shareholders receiving dividends or distributions in newly issued shares common shares will be treated as receiving a distribution equal to the value of the shares received, and should have a cost basis of such amount. 
 
 Although we currently intend to distribute any net capital gains at least annually, we can in the future decide to retain some or all of our net capital gains but designate the retained amount as a deemed distribution. In that case, among other consequences, we will be subject to tax on the retained amount, each U.S. shareholder will be required to include their share of the deemed distribution in income as if it had been distributed to the U.S. shareholder, and the U.S. shareholder will be entitled to claim a credit equal to their allocable share of the tax incurred by us on the deemed distribution by us. The amount of the deemed distribution net of such tax will be added to the U.S. shareholder s tax basis for their common shares. Since we expect to pay tax on any retained net capital gains at our regular corporate tax rate, and since that rate is in excess of the maximum rate currently payable by individuals on long-term capital gains, the amount of tax that individual shareholders will be treated as having paid and for which they will receive a credit will exceed the tax they owe on the retained net capital gain. Such excess generally could be claimed as a credit against the U.S. shareholder s other U.S. federal income tax obligations or could be refunded to the extent it exceeds a shareholder s liability for U.S. federal income tax. A shareholder that is not subject to U.S. federal income tax or otherwise required to file a U.S. federal income tax return would be required to file a U.S. federal income tax return on the appropriate form in order to claim a refund for the taxes we paid. In order to utilize the deemed distribution approach, we must provide written notice to our shareholders prior to the expiration of 60 days after the close of the relevant taxable year. We cannot treat any of our investment company taxable income as a deemed distribution. 
 
 For purposes of determining (1) whether the Annual Distribution Requirement is satisfied for any tax year and (2) the amount of capital gain dividends paid for that tax year, we could under certain circumstances, elect to treat a dividend that is paid during the following tax year as if it had been paid during the tax year in question. If we make such an election, the U.S. shareholder will still be treated as receiving the dividend in the tax year in which the distribution is made. However, any dividend declared by us in October, November or December of any calendar year, payable to shareholders of record on a specified date in such a month and actually paid during January of the following calendar year, will be treated as if it had been paid by us and received by our U.S. shareholders on December 31 of the calendar year in which the dividend was declared. 
 
 If an investor purchases our common shares shortly before the record date of a distribution, the price of our common shares will include the value of the distribution and the investor will be subject to tax on the distribution even though it represents a return of their investment. 
 
 34 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

A U.S. shareholder generally will recognize taxable gain or loss if the shareholder sells or otherwise disposes of their common shares. Any gain or loss arising from such sale or disposition generally will be treated as long-term capital gain or loss if the shareholder has held their common shares for more than one year. 
 Otherwise, it would be classified as short-term capital gain or loss. However, any capital loss arising from the sale or disposition of our common shares held for six months or less will be treated as long-term capital loss to the extent of the amount of capital gain dividends received, or undistributed capital gain deemed received, with respect to such shares. In addition, all or a portion of any loss recognized upon a disposition of our common shares could be disallowed if our common shares are purchased (whether through reinvestment of distributions or otherwise) within 30 days before or after the disposition. In such a case, the basis of the common shares acquired will be increased to reflect the disallowed loss. 
 
 In general, individual U.S. shareholders are subject to a maximum U.S. federal income tax rate of either 15 or 20 (depending on whether the individual U.S. shareholder s income exceeds certain threshold amounts) on their net capital gain, i.e. , the excess of realized net long-term capital gain over realized net short-term capital loss for a taxable year, including a long-term capital gain derived from an investment in our common shares. Such rate is generally lower than the maximum U.S. federal income tax rate on ordinary taxable income currently payable by individuals. Corporate U.S. shareholders currently are subject to U.S. federal income tax on net capital gain at the maximum 21 rate also applied to ordinary income. Non-corporate shareholders incurring net capital losses for a tax year i.e. , net capital losses in excess of net capital gains) generally can deduct up to 3,000 of such losses against their ordinary income each tax year; any net capital losses of a non-corporate shareholder in excess of 3,000 generally could be carried forward and used in subsequent tax years as provided in the Code. Corporate shareholders generally cannot deduct any net capital losses for a tax year, but can carry back such losses for three tax years or carry forward such losses for five tax years. Dividends distributed by us generally will not be eligible for the dividends received deduction or the lower tax rates applicable to certain qualified dividends. 
 
 We will provide information to each of our U.S. shareholders, as promptly as possible after the end of each calendar year, a notice detailing, on a per share and per distribution basis, the amounts includible in such U.S. shareholder s taxable income for such calendar year as ordinary income and as long-term capital gain. In addition, the U.S. federal tax status of each year s distributions generally will be reported to the IRS. Distributions can also be subject to additional state, local and foreign taxes depending on a U.S. shareholder s particular situation. 
 
 We will be treated as a publicly offered regulated investment company (within the meaning of Section 67 of the Code) as a result of either (i) our common shares and our preferred shares collectively being held by at least 500 persons at all times during a taxable year, (ii) our common shares being continuously offered pursuant to a public offering (within the meaning of Section 4 of the Securities Act) or (iii) our common shares being treated as regularly traded on an established securities market. Until and unless we are treated as a publicly offered regulated investment company for any taxable year, for purposes of computing the taxable income of U.S. shareholders that are individuals, trusts or estates, (i) distributions from our earnings will be computed without taking into account such U.S. shareholders allocable shares of the management and incentive fees paid to GC Advisors and certain of our other expenses, (ii) each such U.S. shareholder will be treated as having paid or incurred such U.S. shareholder s allocable share of these fees and expenses and (iii) each such U.S. shareholder s allocable share of these fees and expenses will be treated as miscellaneous itemized deductions by such U.S. shareholder. For taxable years beginning before 2026, miscellaneous itemized deductions generally are not deductible by a U.S. shareholder that is an individual, trust or estate. For taxable years beginning in 2026 or later, miscellaneous itemized deductions are deductible only to the extent that the aggregate of such U.S. shareholder s miscellaneous itemized deductions exceeds 2 of such U.S. shareholder s adjusted gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes, are not deductible for purposes of determining a U.S. shareholder s liability for the U.S. federal alternative minimum tax and are subject to the overall limitation on itemized deductions under Section 68 of the Code. 
 The relevant withholding agent could be required to withhold U.S. federal income tax, or backup withholding, currently at a rate of 24 from all taxable distributions to any non-corporate U.S. shareholder (1) who fails to furnish us with a correct taxpayer identification number or a certificate that such shareholder is exempt from backup 
 35 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

withholding or (2) with respect to whom the IRS notifies us that such shareholder has failed to properly report certain interest and dividend income to the IRS and to respond to notices to that effect. An individual s taxpayer identification number is the taxpayer s social security number. 
 
 Any amount withheld under backup withholding is not an additional tax and is generally allowed as a credit against the U.S. shareholder s U.S. federal income tax liability and could entitle such shareholder to a refund, provided that proper information is timely provided to the IRS. 
 
 If a U.S. shareholder recognizes a loss with respect to our common shares of 2 million or more for an individual shareholder or 10 million or more for a corporate shareholder, the shareholder must file with the IRS a disclosure statement on Form 8886 in accordance with IRS regulations. Direct shareholders of portfolio securities are in many cases exempted from this reporting requirement, but under current guidance, shareholders of a RIC are not exempted. The fact that a loss is reportable under these regulations does not affect the legal determination of whether the taxpayer s treatment of the loss is proper. U.S. shareholders should consult their tax advisors to determine the applicability of these regulations in light of their specific circumstances. 
 
 An additional 3.8 Medicare tax is imposed on certain net investment income (including ordinary dividends and capital gain distributions received from us and net gains from redemptions or other taxable dispositions of our common shares) of U.S. individuals, estates and trusts to the extent that such person s modified adjusted gross income (in the case of an individual) or adjusted gross income (in the case of an estate or trust) exceeds certain threshold amounts. 
 
 Taxation of Non-U.S. Shareholders 
 
 Whether an investment in our common shares is appropriate for a Non-U.S. shareholder will depend upon that person s particular circumstances. An investment in our common shares by a Non-U.S. shareholder could have adverse tax consequences. Non-U.S. shareholders should consult their tax advisors before investing in our common shares. 
 
 Subject to the discussion below, distributions of our investment company taxable income to Non-U.S. shareholders (including interest income, net short-term capital gain or foreign-source dividend and interest income, which generally would be free of withholding if paid to Non-U.S. shareholders directly) generally will be subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax at a 30 rate (or lower rate provided by an applicable treaty) to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits unless the distributions are effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business of the Non-U.S. shareholder, in which case the distributions will generally be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the rates applicable to U.S. persons. For a corporate Non-U.S. shareholder, distributions (both actual and deemed), and gains realized upon the sale of our common shares that are effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business could, under certain circumstances, be subject to an additional branch profits tax at a 30 rate (or at a lower rate if provided for by an applicable treaty). In each such case, we will not be required to withhold U.S. federal income tax if the Non-U.S. shareholder complies with applicable certification and disclosure requirements. Special certification requirements apply to a Non-U.S. shareholder that is a foreign partnership or a foreign trust, and such entities are urged to consult their own tax advisors. 
 
 Certain properly reported dividends received by a Non-U.S. shareholder generally are exempt from U.S. federal withholding tax when they (1) are paid in respect of our qualified net interest income (generally, our U.S.-source interest income, other than certain contingent interest and interest from obligations of a corporation or partnership in which we or the non-U.S. shareholder are at least a 10 shareholder, reduced by expenses that are allocable to such income), or (2) are paid in connection with our qualified short-term capital gains (generally, the excess of our net short-term capital gain over our long-term capital loss for a tax year) as well as if certain other requirements are satisfied. Nevertheless, it should be noted that in the case of our common shares held through an intermediary, the intermediary could have withheld U.S. federal income tax even if we reported the payment as having been derived from qualified net interest income or from qualified short-term capital gains. Moreover, depending on the 
 36 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

circumstances, we could report all, some or none of our potentially eligible dividends as derived from such qualified net interest income or as qualified short-term capital gains, or treat such dividends, in whole or in part, as ineligible for this exemption from withholding. 
 
 Actual or deemed distributions of our net capital gains to a Non-U.S. shareholder, and gains realized by a Non-U.S. shareholder upon the sale or other disposition of our common shares, will not be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax and generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax unless the distributions or gains, as the case could be, are effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business of the Non-U.S. shareholder and, if an income tax treaty applies, are attributable to a permanent establishment maintained by the Non-U.S. shareholder in the United States or, in the case of an individual Non-U.S. shareholder, the shareholder is present in the United States for 183 days or more during the year of the sale, other disposition or capital gain dividend and if certain other conditions are met. 
 
 If we distribute our net capital gains in the form of deemed rather than actual distributions (which we could do in the future), a Non-U.S. shareholder will be entitled to a U.S. federal income tax credit or tax refund equal to the shareholder s allocable share of any U.S. federal income tax we incur on the capital gains deemed to have been distributed. In order to obtain the refund, the Non-U.S. shareholder must obtain a U.S. taxpayer identification number and file a U.S. federal income tax return even if the Non-U.S. shareholder would not otherwise be required to obtain a U.S. taxpayer identification number or file a U.S. federal income tax return. 
 
 A Non-U.S. shareholder who is a non-resident alien individual, and who is otherwise subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax, could be subject to information reporting and backup withholding of U.S. federal income tax on dividends unless the Non-U.S. shareholder provides us or the dividend paying agent with a U.S. nonresident withholding tax certification (e.g., an IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, or an acceptable substitute form) or otherwise meets documentary evidence requirements for establishing that it is a Non-U.S. shareholder or otherwise establishes an exemption from backup withholding. 
 
 Pursuant to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, or FATCA, the applicable withholding agent is generally required to withhold U.S. tax (at a 30 rate) with respect to payments of dividends paid to certain non-U.S. entities that fail to comply (or be deemed compliant) with extensive reporting and withholding requirements designed to inform the U.S. Department of the Treasury of U.S.-owned foreign investment accounts. The information required to be reported include the identity and taxpayer identification number of each account holder and transaction activity within the holder s account. Shareholders could be requested to provide additional information to enable the applicable withholding agent to determine whether withholding is required. 
 
 An investment in shares by a non-U.S. person could also be subject to U.S. federal estate tax. Non-U.S. persons should consult their own tax advisors with respect to the U.S. federal income tax, U.S. federal estate tax, withholding tax, and state, local and foreign tax consequences of acquiring, owning or disposing of our common shares. 
 
 37 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should carefully consider these risk factors, together with all of the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the other reports and documents filed by us with the SEC. The risks set out below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or not presently deemed material by us could also impair our operations and performance. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. In such case, our NAV could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risk factors described below are the principal risk factors associated with an investment in us as well as those factors generally associated with an investment company with investment objectives, investment policies, capital structure or trading markets similar to ours. 

38 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

39 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

40 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

41 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

42 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

43 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

44 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

45 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

46 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

47 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

48 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

49 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

50 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

51 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

- - 
 
 (1) Assumes 1,264.1 million in total assets, 572.3 million in debt outstanding and 653.3 million in net assets as of September 30, 2023 and an effective interest rate for the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023 of 7.87 . 
 
 Based on our outstanding indebtedness of 572.3 million as of September 30, 2023 and the effective annual interest rate of 7.87 as of that date, our investment portfolio would have been required to experience an annual return of at least 7.63 to cover annual interest payments on the outstanding debt. 

52 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

53 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

54 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

55 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

56 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

57 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

58 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

59 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

60 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

61 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

62 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

63 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

64 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

65 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

66 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

67 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

68 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

69 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

70 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

71 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

72 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

73 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

74 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

75 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

76 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

77 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

78 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties 
 Properties 
 We do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. Our headquarters are located at 200 Park Avenue, 25th Floor, New York, NY 10166 and are provided by the Administrator pursuant to the Administration Agreement. We believe that our office facilities are suitable and adequate to our business. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We, GC Advisors and the Administrator may, from time to time, be involved in legal and regulatory proceedings arising out of their respective operations in the normal course of business or otherwise. While there can be no assurance of the ultimate disposition of any such proceedings, each of us, GC Advisors and the Administrator do not believe it is currently subject to any material legal proceedings. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 79 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Share Issuances 
 
 We offer on a continuous basis up to 5.0 billion of common shares of beneficial interest pursuant to an offering registered with the SEC. We have applied for exemptive relief from the SEC that, if granted, will permit us to offer to sell any combination of three classes of common shares, Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares, with a dollar value up to the maximum offering amount (the Public Offering ). There is no assurance, however, that the relief will be granted. The share classes have different ongoing shareholder servicing fees. Our common shares are not listed for trading on a stock exchange or other securities market and there is no established public trading market for our common shares. 
 
 As of November 22, 2023, we had 2,490 Class I shareholders of record. 
 
 In connection with the Public Offering, we sell shares at an offering price per share as determined in accordance with our share pricing policy. Under such policy, in connection with each monthly closing on the sale of shares of Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares, our board of trustees has authorized GC Advisors to establish a net offering price that it believes reflects a price per share that is no less than the then-current NAV per share. The following table summarizes the net offering price per share of Class I shares during the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023: 
 
 Net Offering Price Per Share For the Month Ended Class I July 31, 2023 25.00 August 31, 2023 25.05 September 30, 2023 25.00 
 
 Distributions 
 
 Our distributions, if any, are determined by the board of trustees. We intend to elect to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. In order to be subject to tax as a RIC, we must distribute to our shareholders dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes each tax year of an amount at least equal to 90 of our net ordinary income and net short-term capital gains in excess of our net long-term capital losses, or investment company taxable income, determined without regard to any deduction for dividends paid. In addition, we are subject to ordinary income and capital gain distribution requirements under U.S. federal excise tax rules for each calendar year. If we do not meet the required distributions we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible federal excise tax on the undistributed amount. 
 The following table reflects the cash distributions, including dividends and returns of capital per share that we have declared on our Class I common shares for the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023. 
 Distributions Declared Record Dates Payment Dates Per Share Amount (In thousands) July 31, 2023 August 29, 2023 0.21 5,463 August 31, 2023 September 29, 2023 0.21 5,475 September 30, 2023 October 30, 2023 0.21 5,488 Total 0.63 16,426 
 
 80 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

We have adopted a dividend reinvestment plan that provides for reinvestment of our dividends and other distributions on behalf of our shareholders. As a result, if our board of trustees authorizes, and we declare, a cash dividend or other distribution, then our shareholders who participate in our dividend reinvestment plan will have their cash distribution reinvested in additional common shares, rather than receiving the cash distribution. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 On April 27, 2023, an affiliate of GC Advisors purchased 2,000 shares of our Class F common shares of 
 beneficial interest at 25.00 per share. 
 
 On June 14, 2023, we completed the Private Offering (as defined in Note 1 of our consolidated financial statements) and entered into subscription agreements for total commitments of 650.3 million to purchase our Class F shares. 
 
 On June 30, 2023, we received the Private Offering subscription proceeds and issued 26,010,927.600 shares of our Class F common shares at 25.00 per share. Following the completion of the Private Offering and prior to the commencement of the Public Offering, our Class F shares were reclassified as Class I shares. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 6. Reserved 

81 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. In this report, we, us, our and GCRED refer to Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Some of the statements in this annual report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements, which relate to future events or our future performance or financial condition. The forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K involve risks and uncertainties, including statements as to: 
 
 our future operating results; 
 our business prospects, including our ability to achieve our respective objectives due to disruptions, including those caused by global health pandemics, including those caused by global health pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, or other large scale events; 
 the effect of investments that we expect to make and the competition for those investments; 
 our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 
 actual and potential conflicts of interest with GC Advisors and other affiliates of Golub Capital; 
 the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its effect on the industries in which we invest; 
 the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 
 the use of borrowed money to finance a portion of our investments; 
 the adequacy of our financing sources and working capital; 
 the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies; 
 general economic and political trends and other external factors, including the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 changes in political, economic or industry conditions, the interest rate environment or conditions affecting the financial and capital markets that could result in changes to the value of our assets; 
 elevating levels of inflation, and its impact on us, on our portfolio companies and on the industries in which we invest; 
 the ability of GC Advisors to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments; 
 the ability of GC Advisors or its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals; 
 the ability of GC Advisors to continue to effectively manage our business due to disruptions, including those caused by global health pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, or other large scale events; 
 turmoil in Ukraine and Russia, including sanctions related to such turmoil, and the potential for volatility in energy prices and other supply chain issues and any impact on the industries in which we invest; 
 our ability to qualify and maintain our qualification as a RIC and as a business development company; 
 the impact of information technology systems and systems failures, including data security breaches, data privacy compliance, network disruptions, and cybersecurity attacks; 
 general price and volume fluctuations in the stock markets; 
 the impact on our business of Dodd-Frank and the rules and regulations issued thereunder and any actions toward repeal thereof; and 
 the effect of changes to tax legislation and our tax position. 
 
 Such forward-looking statements may include statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words may, might, will, intend, should, could, can, would, expect, believe, estimate, anticipate, predict, potential, plan or similar words. The forward looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those implied or 
 82 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the factors set forth as Risk Factors in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 We have based the forward-looking statements included in this report on information available to us on the date of this report. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements and future results could differ materially from historical performance. You are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we make directly to you or through reports that we have filed or in the future file with the SEC including annual reports on Form 10-K, registration statements on Form N-2, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. This annual report on Form 10-K contains statistics and other data that have been obtained from or compiled from information made available by third-party service providers. We have not independently verified such statistics or data. 

Overview 
 
 We are an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company under the 1940 Act. In addition, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we intend to elect to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. As a business development company and a RIC, we are also subject to certain constraints, including limitations imposed by the 1940 Act and after our election to be treated as a RIC, limitations imposed by the Code. We were formed in March 2022 as a Delaware statutory trust and commenced operations on June 30, 2023. 
 Our investment objective is to generate current income and capital appreciation by investing primarily in one stop (a loan that combines characteristics of traditional first lien senior secured loans and second lien or subordinated loans and that are often referred to by other middle-market lenders as unitranche loans) and other senior secured loans of U.S. middle-market companies. We also selectively invest in second lien and subordinated loans of, and warrants and minority equity securities in U.S. middle-market companies. In addition, we may also invest in liquid credit instruments, including secured floating rate syndicated loans, securitized products and corporate bonds, and we expect that, as a general matter, our portfolio will initially be comprised of a greater percentage of such instruments than it will as our investment program matures, though the exact allocation may vary from time to time depending on market conditions and available investment opportunities. We intend to achieve our investment objective by (1) accessing the established loan origination channels developed by Golub Capital, a leading lender to U.S. middle-market companies with over 60.0 billion in capital under management as of July 1, 2023, (2) selecting investments within our core middle-market company focus, (3) partnering with experienced private equity firms, or sponsors, in many cases with whom Golub Capital has invested alongside in the past, (4) implementing the disciplined underwriting standards of Golub Capital and (5) drawing upon the aggregate experience and resources of Golub Capital. 
 Our investment activities are managed by GC Advisors and supervised by our board of trustees of which a majority of the members are independent of us, GC Advisors and its affiliates. 
 Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2023 and as amended and restated on November 17, 2023, we have agreed to pay GC Advisors an annual base management fee based on the value of our net assets as well as an incentive fee based on our investment performance. Under the Administration Agreement, we are provided with certain administrative services by the Administrator, which is currently Golub Capital LLC. Under the Administration Agreement, we have agreed to reimburse the Administrator for our allocable portion (subject to the review and approval of our independent trustees) of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement. 
 We seek to invest at least 80 of our total assets (net assets plus borrowings for investment purposes) directly or indirectly in private credit investments (loans, bonds and other credit and related instruments that are issued in private offerings or issued by private companies). If we change our 80 test, we will provide shareholders with at least 60 days notice of such change. We expect to make investments that typically will have position sizes under 1 of our portfolio, on average. We expect to selectively invest more than 1 of capital in some of our portfolio companies and generally expect that the size of our individual investments will vary proportionately with the size of our capital base, particularly during the period prior to raising sufficient capital, which may result in larger individual investments when and if our capital base increases. We may invest in companies of any size or capitalization. 
 83 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

We generally invest in securities that have been rated below investment grade by independent rating agencies or that would be rated below investment grade if they were rated. These securities, which are often referred to as junk, have predominantly speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. In addition, many of our debt investments have floating interest rates that reset on a periodic basis and typically do not fully pay down principal prior to maturity, which may increase our risk of losing part or all of our investment. 
 As of September 30, 2023, our portfolio at fair value was comprised of the following: 
 As of September 30, 2023 
 Investment Type Investments at Fair Value (In thousands) Percentage of Total Investments Senior secured 216,911 18.4 One stop 961,628 81.6 Equity 94 0.0 Total 1,178,633 100.0 
 Represents an amount less than 0.1 
 One stop loans include loans to technology companies undergoing strong growth due to new services, increased adoption and/or entry into new markets. We refer to loans to these companies as recurring revenue loans. Other targeted characteristics of recurring revenue businesses include strong customer revenue retention rates, a diversified customer base and backing from growth equity or venture capital firms. In some cases, the borrower s high revenue growth is supported by a high level of discretionary spending. As part of the underwriting of such loans and consistent with industry practice, we adjust our characterization of the earnings of such borrowers for a reduction or elimination of such discretionary expenses, if appropriate. As of September 30, 2023, one stop loans included 86.5 million of recurring revenue loans at fair value. 
 
 Senior secured loans include broadly syndicated loans where we do not act as lead arranger, joint lead arranger or co-manager BSL loans ). As of September 30, 2023, senior secured loans included 162.4 million of BSL loans at fair value. 
 
 As of September 30, 2023, we had debt and equity investments in 153 portfolio companies. 
 
 The following table shows the weighted average annualized income yield and weighted average annualized investment income yield of our earning portfolio company investments, which represented 100 of our debt investments, for the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023: 
 Period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023 Weighted average income yield (1) 
 12.1 Weighted average investment income yield (2) 
 12.6 
 Annualized for periods of less than one year. 
 (1) Represents income from interest, fees, accrued PIK and non-cash dividend income, excluding amortization of capitalized fees and discounts divided by the average fair value of earning portfolio company investments, and does not represent a return to any investor in us. 
 (2) Represents income from interest, fees, accrued PIK and non-cash dividend income and amortization of capitalized fees and discounts, divided by the average fair value of earning portfolio company investments, and does not represent a return to any investor in us. 
 
 Revenues : We generate revenue in the form of interest and fee income on debt investments and capital gains and distributions, if any, on portfolio company investments that we originate or acquire. Our debt investments, whether in the form of senior secured, one stop, second lien or subordinated loans, typically have a term of three to seven years and bear interest at a fixed or floating rate. In some instances, we receive payments on our debt investments based on scheduled amortization of the outstanding balances. In addition, we receive repayments of some of our 
 84 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

debt investments prior to their scheduled maturity date. The frequency or volume of these repayments fluctuates significantly from period to period. Our portfolio activity also reflects the proceeds of sales of securities. In some cases, our investments could provide for deferred interest payments or PIK, interest. The principal amount of loans and any accrued but unpaid interest generally become due at the maturity date. 
 In addition, we generate revenue in the form of commitment, origination, amendment, structuring or due diligence fees, fees for providing managerial assistance, administrative agent fees and consulting fees. Loan origination fees, original issue discount and market discount or premium are capitalized, and we accrete or amortize such amounts as interest income. We record prepayment premiums on loans as fee income. For additional details on revenues, see Critical Accounting Policies - Revenue Recognition. We recognize realized gains or losses on investments based on the difference between the net proceeds from the disposition and the amortized cost basis of the investment or derivative instrument, without regard to unrealized gains or losses previously recognized. We record current period changes in fair value of investments and derivative instruments that are measured at fair value as a component of the net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investment transactions in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 Expenses: Our primary operating expenses include the payment of fees to GC Advisors under the Investment Advisory Agreement and interest expense on our outstanding debt. We bear all other out-of-pocket costs and expenses of our operations and transactions including: 
 organizational expenses; 
 calculating our NAV and net offering price (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm); 
 fees and expenses incurred by GC Advisors payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisors, in monitoring financial and legal affairs for us and in monitoring our investments and performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies or otherwise relating to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments, which fees and expenses include, among other items, due diligence reports, appraisal reports, any studies commissioned by GC Advisors and travel and lodging expenses; 
 interest payable on debt, if any, incurred by us to finance its investments and expenses related to unsuccessful portfolio acquisition efforts; 
 offerings of our common shares and other securities, including underwriting compensation to the Managing Dealer (as defined in Note 3 of our consolidated financial statements) in connection with services it provides pursuant to the Managing Dealer Agreement (as defined in Note 3 of our consolidated financial statements); 
 investment advisory fees, including management fees and incentive fees; 
 administration fees and expenses payable under the Administration Agreement (including payments based upon our allocable portion of the Administrator s overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent, fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions and the allocable portion of the cost of our chief compliance officer, chief financial officer and their respective staffs); 
 fees payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisors, relating to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments in portfolio companies, including costs associated with meeting financial sponsors; 
 fees payable to transaction/brokerage platforms; 
 subscription processing fees and expenses; 
 reasonable bona fide due diligence expenses of participating broker-dealers supported by detailed and itemized invoices; 
 fees incurred by us for transfer agent, dividend agent and custodial fees and expenses; 
 fees and expenses payable under any managing dealer and selected dealer agreements, if any; 
 all costs of registration and listing of our securities on any securities exchange, if applicable; 
 85 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

U.S. federal and state registration and franchise fees; 
 U.S. federal, state and local taxes; 
 independent trustees fees and expenses; 
 costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents required by the SEC, state securities regulators or other regulators; 
 costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to shareholders, including printing costs; 
 costs associated with individual or group shareholders; 
 costs associated with compliance under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 
 our allocable portion of any fidelity bond, trustees and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; 
 direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors and outside legal costs; 
 costs and expenses, including travel, meals, accommodations, entertainment and other similar expenses, incurred by GC Advisors or its affiliates for meetings with existing investors and any intermediaries, registered investment advisors, financial and other advisors representing such existing investors; 
 proxy voting expenses; and 
 all other expenses incurred by us or the Administrator in connection with administering our business. 
 
 We have entered into an Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement (the Expense Support Agreement with GC Advisors. Under the Expense Support Agreement, GC Advisors may elect to pay certain expenses on our behalf (each, an Expense Support Payment ), provided that no portion of the payment will be used to pay any of our interest expense or distribution and/or shareholder servicing fees. Refer to Note 3 of our consolidated financial statements for further details on the Expense Support Agreement. 
 
 We expect our general and administrative expenses to be relatively stable or decline as a percentage of total assets during periods of asset growth and to increase during periods of asset declines. 
 
 GC Advisors, as collateral manager for our indirect, wholly owned, consolidated subsidiary, Golub Capital Private Credit Fund CLO LLC, or the 2023 Issuer, under a collateral management agreement, or the 2023 Collateral Management Agreement, is entitled to receive an annual fee in an amount equal to 0.35 of the principal balance of the portfolio loans held by the 2023 Issuer at the beginning of the collection period relating to each payment date, which is payable in arrears on each payment date. Under the 2023 Collateral Management Agreement, the term collection period relating to any payment date, refers to the period commencing on the tenth business day prior to the preceding payment date and ending on (but excluding) the tenth business day prior to such payment date. 
 Prior to the termination of the documents governing the CLO Vehicle Credit Facility, on September 21, 2023, GC Advisors served as collateral manager for GCP SG Warehouse 2022-1, or the CLO Vehicle, under a collateral management agreement, or the CLO Vehicle Collateral Management Agreement, and was entitled to receive an annual fee in an amount equal to 0.25 of the average principal balance of the portfolio loans held by the CLO Vehicle during the interest period relating to each payment date, which was payable in arrears on each payment date. GC Advisors irrevocably waived all collateral management fees payable under the CLO Vehicle Collateral Management Agreement through the September 21, 2023 termination. 
 
 Collateral management fees were paid directly by the CLO Vehicle and are paid directly by the 2023 Issuer to GC Advisors and are offset against the management fees payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement. The 2023 Issuer, formerly the CLO Vehicle, paid SG Americas Securities, LLC structuring and placement fees for its services in connection with the structuring of the 2023 Debt Securitization and CLO Vehicle Credit Facility. Term debt securitizations are also known as CLOs, and are a form of secured financing incurred by us, which are consolidated by us and subject to our overall asset coverage requirement. The 2023 Issuer also agreed to pay ongoing administrative expenses to the trustee, collateral manager, independent accountants, legal counsel, rating agencies 
 86 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

and independent managers in connection with developing and maintaining reports, and providing required services in connection with the administration of the 2023 Debt Securitization. 
 
 We believe that these administrative expenses approximate the amount of ongoing fees and expenses that we would be required to pay in connection with a traditional secured credit facility. Our common shareholders indirectly bear all of these expenses. 
 
 LIBOR Transition 
 
 In July 2017, the Financial Conduct Authority, or the FCA, announced its intention to cease sustaining the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate, or LIBOR, by the end of 2021. 
 
 Following their publication on June 30, 2023, no settings of the London Interbank Offered Rate, or LIBOR, continue to be published on a representative basis and publication of many non-U.S. dollar LIBOR settings has been entirely discontinued. 
 
 On December 21, 2022 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2022-06 (or ASU 2022-06 ), which deferred the sunset of Topic 848, Reference Rate Reform, until December 31, 2024. The issuance of ASU 2022-06 and the deferral of the sunset of Topic 848 eases the potential burden in accounting for the effects of reference rate reform on financial reporting. 
 
 On July 29, 2021, the U.S. Federal Reserve System, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering committee comprised of large U.S. financial institutions, formally recommended replacing U.S.-dollar LIBOR with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities. In April 2018, the Bank of England began publishing its proposed alternative rate, the Sterling Overnight Index Average, or SONIA. Each of SOFR and SONIA significantly differ from LIBOR, both in the actual rate and how it is calculated. 
 
 Further, on March 15, 2022, the Consolidation Appropriations Act of 2022, which includes the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, or the LIBOR Act, was signed into law in the United States. This legislation establishes a uniform benchmark replacement process for certain financial contracts that mature after June 30, 2023 that do not contain clearly defined or practicable LIBOR fallback provisions. The legislation also creates a safe harbor that shields lenders from litigation if they choose to utilize a replacement rate recommended by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve. 
 
 In addition, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority, or FCA, which regulates the publisher of LIBOR (ICE Benchmark Administration) has announced that it will require the continued publication of the one-, three- and six-month tenors of U.S.-dollar LIBOR on a non-representative synthetic basis until the end of September 2024, which may result in certain non-U.S. law-governed contracts and U.S. law-governed contracts not covered by the federal legislation remaining on synthetic U.S.-dollar LIBOR until the end of this period. 
 
 Although the transition process away from LIBOR has become increasingly well-defined (e.g. the LIBOR Act now provides a uniform benchmark replacement for certain LIBOR-based instruments in the United States), the transition process is complex and it could cause a disruption in the credit markets generally and could have adverse impacts on our business financial condition and results of operations, including, among other things, increased volatility or illiquidity in markets for instruments that continue to rely on LIBOR or which have been transitioned away from LIBOR to a different rate like SOFR and, in any case, could result in a reduction in the value of certain investments held by us. 
 
 In anticipation of the discontinuation of LIBOR, we assessed our debt facilities for our exposure to LIBOR. The notes offered in the 2023 Debt Securitization currently utilize a reference rate to three-month term SOFR, as do borrowings under the SMBC Credit Facility. We expect any new debt facilities that we enter into subsequent to September 30, 2023 will reference a benchmark interest rate other than LIBOR, such as SOFR. 
 
 87 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Recent Developments 
 
 On October 30, 2023, we issued 60,820.367 Class I common shares through the DRIP. 
 
 We received 2,442 of net proceeds from the issuance of Class I shares for subscriptions effective November 1, 2023. 
 
 On November 17, 2023, we entered into an amended and restated investment advisory agreement (the Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement with GC Advisors. The Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement amends and restates the investment advisory agreement, dated as of April 28, 2023, by and between us and GC Advisors (the Original Investment Advisory Agreement ). The terms of the Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement are unchanged from those of the Original Investment Advisory Agreement, under which GC Advisors has provided investment advisory services to us since inception, except to clarify that to the extent GC Advisors or an affiliate of GC Advisors provides investment advisory, collateral management or other similar services to a subsidiary of us, our management fee shall be reduced by an amount equal to the product of (a) the total fees paid to GC Advisors by such subsidiary for such services and (b) the percentage of such subsidiary s total equity that is owned, directly or indirectly, by us. 
 
 On November 17, 2023, our board of trustees adopted the Second Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust (the Second Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust in response to comments issued by certain state securities regulators in connection with their review of the of our continuous offering of common shares of beneficial interest. As amended, the Second Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust provides (i) that unless otherwise permitted by 1940 Act or applicable guidance or exemptive relief of the SEC, we shall not purchase or lease assets in which GC Advisors or any affiliate thereof has an interest unless certain conditions are met, including that the transaction occurs our formation; and (ii) that us and GC Advisors will take every commercially reasonable step to ensure that GC Advisors and those selling our shares on GC Advisors or our behalf will make every commercially reasonable effort to determine that the purchase of our shares is a suitable and appropriate investment for each shareholder. The other material terms of the Second Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust were unchanged. 
 
 On August 3, 2023 and November 17, 2023, our board of trustees declared distributions to Class I shareholders of record as set forth in the table below: 
 
 Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Amount Per Share August 3, 2023 October 31, 2023 November 29, 2023 0.21 November 17, 2023 November 30, 2023 December 29, 2023 0.22 November 17, 2023 December 30, 2023 January 30, 2024 0.22 November 17, 2023 January 31, 2024 February 28, 2024 0.22 

88 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Consolidated Results of Operations 
 
 We commenced operations on June 30, 2023. Consolidated operating results for the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 
 Period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023 (In thousands) Interest income 31,407 Payment-in-kind interest income 601 Accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums 1,196 Fee income 132 Total investment income 33,336 Net expenses 16,381 Net investment income 16,955 Net realized gain (loss) on investment transactions 1,596 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investment transactions (587) Net realized gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt (1,541) Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 16,423 Average earning portfolio company investments, at fair value 1,039,637 
 
 As we commenced operations on June 30, 2023, no income was earned prior to June 30, 2023. 
 
 Investment Income 
 
 The annualized income yield by debt security type for the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023 are as follows: 
 Period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023 Senior secured 11.0 One stop 11.3 
 
 Our loan portfolio is partially insulated from a drop in floating interest rates as 97.4 of our loan portfolio at fair value is subject to an interest rate floor. As of September 30, 2023, the weighted average base floor of our loans was 0.73 . 
 
 For additional details on investment yields and asset mix, refer to the Liquidity and Capital Resources - Portfolio Composition, Investment Activity and Yield section below. 
 89 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Expenses 
 
 The following table summarizes our expenses for the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023: 
 Period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023 (In thousands) Interest expense 10,637 Amortization of deferred debt issuance costs 87 Base management fee 2,049 Income incentive fee, net of waiver 2,034 Capital gain incentive fee accrued under GAAP Professional fees 1,414 Administrative service fee 212 General and administrative expenses 1,205 Expense support (1,257) Net expenses 16,381 Average debt outstanding 535,035 
 
 Incentive Fees 
 
 The incentive fee payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement consists of two parts: (1) the income component, or the Income Incentive Fee, and (2) the capital gains component, or the Capital Gain Incentive Fee. For the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023, we were fully through the catch-up provision of the Income Incentive Fee calculation and the Income Incentive Fee, as a percentage of Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, was 12.5 . For period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023, the Income Incentive Fee irrevocably waived by GC Advisors was 0.3 million. 
 
 As of September 30, 2023, there was no Capital Gain Incentive Fee payable as calculated under the Investment Advisory Agreement. In accordance with GAAP, we are required to include the aggregate unrealized capital appreciation on investments in the calculation and accrue a capital gain incentive fee as if such unrealized capital appreciation were realized, even though such unrealized capital appreciation is not permitted to be considered in calculating the Capital Gain Incentive Fee actually payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement. As of September 30, 2023, there was no capital gain incentive fee accrual calculated in accordance with GAAP. For the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023, there was no accrual of capital gain incentive fee under GAAP. Any payment due under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement is calculated in arrears at the end of each calendar year. As of September 30, 2023, no Capital Gain Incentive Fees have been payable as calculated under the Investment Advisory Agreement. 
 
 For additional details on unrealized appreciation and depreciation of investments, refer to the Net Realized and Unrealized Gains and Losses see section below. 
 
 Professional Fees, Administrative Service Fees, and General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 In general, we expect certain of our operating expenses, including professional fees, the administrative service fee, and other general and administrative expenses to decline as a percentage of our total assets during periods of growth and increase as a percentage of our total assets during periods of asset declines. 
 
 The Administrator pays for certain expenses incurred by us. These expenses are subsequently reimbursed in cash. There were 3.4 million of expenses reimbursed to the Administrator during the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023. As of September 30, 2023, included in accounts payable and accrued expenses was 3.6 million, including 1.3 million of Expense Support Payments, of expenses paid on behalf of us by the Administrator. 
 
 90 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Net Realized and Unrealized Gains and Losses 
 
 The following table summarizes our net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investment transactions for the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023: 
 Period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023 (In thousands) Net realized gain (loss) on investments 89 Net realized gain (loss) on foreign currency transactions 1,507 Net realized gain (loss) on investment transactions 1,596 Unrealized appreciation from investments 3,233 Unrealized (depreciation) from investments (2,541) Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on foreign currency translation (1,279) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investment transactions (587) Net realized gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt (1,541) 
 
 During the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023, we had a net realized gain of 1.6 million primarily driven by the translation of foreign currency amounts and transactions into U.S. dollars. 
 
 For the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023, we had 3.2 million in unrealized appreciation on 76 portfolio company investments, which was offset by 2.5 million in unrealized depreciation on 79 portfolio company investments. Unrealized appreciation for the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from fair valuing recent originations up to or near par and an increase in fair value due to the rise in market prices of portfolio company investments. Unrealized depreciation for the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from the amortization of discounts during the quarter on recently originated loans. 
 
 For the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023, we had a realized loss on extinguishment of debt of 1.5 million, which represents the unamortized discount on the notes issued under the CLO Vehicle Credit Facility at termination. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 For the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023, we experienced a net increase in cash and cash equivalents, foreign currencies and restricted cash and cash equivalents of 51.3 million. During the period, cash used in operating activities was 1,154.4 million, primarily as a result of purchases and fundings of portfolio investments of 1,200.5 million, partially offset by proceeds from principal payments of 22.8 million. During the same period, cash provided by financing activities was 1,205.7 million, primarily driven by borrowings on debt of 1,117.4 million and proceeds from the issuance of common shares of 650.3 million, that were partially offset by repayments of debt of 544.3 million and distributions paid of 7.9 million. 
 
 As of September 30, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents of 35.0 million. In addition, as of September 30, 2023, we had foreign currencies of 0.9 million and restricted cash and cash equivalents of 14.8 million. Cash and cash equivalents and foreign currencies are available to fund new investments, pay operating expenses and pay distributions. Restricted cash and cash equivalents can be used to pay principal and interest on borrowings and to fund new investments that meet the guidelines under our debt securitizations or credit facilities, as applicable. 
 
 Revolving Debt Facilities 
 
 SMBC Credit Facility - On September 6, 2023, we entered into the SMBC Credit Facility, which, as of September 30, 2023, allowed us to borrow up to 490.0 million at any one time outstanding, subject to leverage and borrowing base restrictions. As of September 30, 2023, we had outstanding debt under the SMBC Credit Facility of 176.8 
 91 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

million. As of September 30, 2023, subject to leverage and borrowing base restrictions, we had 313.2 million of remaining commitments and 242.7 million of availability on the SMBC Credit Facility. 
 
 Adviser Revolver - On July 3, 2023, we entered into the Adviser Revolver (as defined in Note 3 of our consolidated financial statements) with GC Advisors. As of September 30, 2023, we were permitted to borrow up to 50.0 million at any one time outstanding under the Adviser Revolver. We entered into the Adviser Revolver in order to have the ability to borrow funds on a short-term basis and generally intend to repay borrowings under the Adviser Revolver within 30 to 45 days from which they are drawn. As of September 30, 2023, we had no amounts outstanding under the Adviser Revolver. 
 
 Debt Securitizations 
 
 2023 Debt Securitization - On September 21, 2023, we completed the 2023 Debt Securitization. The Class A-1 Notes are included in the September 30, 2023 Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as our debt and the Class A-2 Notes and Subordinated 2023 Notes were eliminated in consolidation. As of September 30, 2023, we had outstanding debt under the 2023 Debt Securitization of 395.5 million. 
 
 Asset Coverage, Contractual Obligations, Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Other Liquidity Considerations 
 
 In accordance with the 1940 Act, with certain limited exceptions, we are currently allowed to borrow amounts such that our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least 150 after such borrowing. On May 17, 2023, our sole shareholder approved the application of the reduced asset coverage requirements of Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act and declined an offer by us to repurchase all our outstanding common shares. As a result of such approval, effective as of May 18, 2023, our asset coverage requirement is reduced from 200 to 150 , or a ratio of total consolidated assets to outstanding indebtedness of 2:1 as compared to a maximum of 1:1 under the 200 asset coverage requirement under the 1940 Act. We currently intend to target a GAAP debt-to-equity ratio between 1.0x to 1.50x. As of September 30, 2023, our asset coverage for borrowed amounts and GAAP debt-to-equity ratio was 213.9 and 0.88x, respectively. 
 
 As of September 30, 2023, we had outstanding commitments to fund investments totaling 20.8 million, including 3.7 million of unfunded commitments on revolvers. There is no guarantee that these amounts will be funded to the borrowing party now or in the future. The unfunded commitments relate to loans with various maturity dates, but the entire amount was eligible for funding to the borrowers as of September 30, 2023, subject to the terms of each loan s respective credit agreement. A summary of maturity requirements for our principal borrowings as of September 30, 2023 is included in Note 6 of our consolidated financial statements. We did not have any other material contractual payment obligations as of September 30, 2023. As of September 30, 2023, we believe that we had sufficient assets and liquidity to adequately cover future obligations under our unfunded commitments based on the cash balances that we maintain, availability under our SMBC Facility and Adviser Revolver, ongoing principal repayments on debt investment assets. 
 
 Although we expect to fund the growth of our investment portfolio through the net proceeds from future securities offerings and future borrowings, to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act, we cannot assure you that our efforts to raise capital will be successful. In addition, from time to time, we can amend, refinance, or enter into new leverage facilities and securitization financings, to the extent permitted by applicable law. In addition to capital not being available, it also could not be available on favorable terms. To the extent we are not able to raise capital on what we believe are favorable terms, we will focus on optimizing returns by investing capital generated from repayments into new investments we believe are attractive from a risk/reward perspective. Furthermore, to the extent we are not able to raise capital and are at or near our targeted leverage ratios, we expect to receive smaller allocations, if any, on new investment opportunities under GC Advisors allocation policy and have, in the past, received such smaller allocations under similar circumstances. 

92 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Portfolio Composition, Investment Activity and Yield 
 
 As of September 30, 2023, we had investments in 153 portfolio companies with a total fair value of 1,178.6 million. 
 
 The following table shows the asset mix of our new investment commitments for the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023: Period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023 (In thousands) Percentage Senior secured 220,092 17.7 One stop 1,020,647 82.3 Equity 94 0.0 Total new investment commitments 1,240,833 100.0 
 
 Represents an amount less than 0.1 
 For the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023, we had approximately 22.8 million in proceeds from principal payments. 
 
 The following table shows the principal, amortized cost and fair value of our portfolio of investments by asset class: As of September 30, 2023 (1) 
 Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value (In thousands) Senior secured 218,131 216,997 216,911 One stop 977,668 962,485 961,628 Equity N/A 94 94 Total 1,195,799 1,179,576 1,178,633 
 
 (1) As of September 30, 2023, 55.4 million and 55.7 million of our loans at amortized cost and fair value, respectively, included a feature permitting a portion of interest due on such loan to be PIK interest. 
 As of September 30, 2023, we had no loans on non-accrual status. As of September 30, 2023, the fair value of our debt investments as a percentage of the outstanding principal value was 98.6 . 
 
 The following table shows the weighted average rate, spread over the applicable base rate of floating rate and fees of middle-market investments originated and the weighted average rate of sales and payoffs of portfolio companies during the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023: 
 
 Period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023 Weighted average rate of new investment fundings 11.0 Weighted average spread over the applicable base rate of new floating rate investment fundings 5.6 Weighted average fees of new investment fundings 1.8 Weighted average rate of sales and payoffs of portfolio investments 9.0 
 
 As of September 30, 2023, 97.4 of our debt portfolio at both amortized cost and at fair value had interest rate floors that limit the minimum applicable interest rates on such loans. 
 93 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

As of September 30, 2023, the portfolio median 1 earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, for our portfolio companies was 73.6 million. The portfolio median EBITDA is based on the most recently reported trailing twelve-month EBITDA received from the portfolio company. 
 
 As part of the monitoring process, GC Advisors regularly assesses the risk profile of each of our investments and rates each of them based on an internal system developed by Golub Capital and its affiliates. This system is not 
 generally accepted in our industry or used by our competitors. It is based on the following categories, which we refer 
 to as GC Advisors internal performance ratings: Internal Performance Ratings Rating Definition 5 Involves the least amount of risk in our portfolio. The borrower is performing above expectations, and the trends and risk factors are generally favorable. 4 Involves an acceptable level of risk that is similar to the risk at the time of origination. The borrower is generally performing as expected, and the risk factors are neutral to favorable. 3 Involves a borrower performing below expectations and indicates that the loan s risk has increased somewhat since origination. The borrower could be out of compliance with debt covenants; however, loan payments are generally not past due. 2 Involves a borrower performing materially below expectations and indicates that the loan s risk has increased materially since origination. In addition to the borrower being generally out of compliance with debt covenants, loan payments could be past due (but generally not more than 180 days past due). 1 Involves a borrower performing substantially below expectations and indicates that the loan s risk has substantially increased since origination. Most or all of the debt covenants are out of compliance and payments are substantially delinquent. Loans rated 1 are not anticipated to be repaid in full and we will reduce the fair market value of the loan to the amount we anticipate will be recovered. 
 
 Our internal performance ratings do not constitute any rating of investments by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization or represent or reflect any third-party assessment of any of our investments. 
 
 For any investment rated 1, 2 or 3, GC Advisors will increase its monitoring intensity and prepare regular updates for the investment committee, summarizing current operating results and material impending events and suggesting recommended actions. 
 
 GC Advisors monitors and, when appropriate, changes the internal performance ratings assigned to each investment in our portfolio. In connection with our valuation process, GC Advisors and our board of trustees review these internal performance ratings on a quarterly basis. 
 
 The following table shows the distribution of our investments on the 1 to 5 internal performance rating scale at fair value as of September 30, 2023: As of September 30, 2023 Internal Performance Rating Investments at Fair Value (In thousands) Percentage of Total Investments 5 3,427 0.3 4 1,152,235 97.8 3 22,971 1.9 2 1 Total 1,178,633 100.0 

1 The portfolio median EBITDA is based on our portfolio of debt investments and excludes (i) portfolio companies with negative or de minimis EBITDA, (ii) investments designated as recurring revenue loans and broadly syndicated loans and (iii) portfolio companies with any loans on non-accrual status. 

94 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

The table below details the weighted average price of our debt investments by internal performance rating held as of September 30, 2023 . 
 
 Weighted Average Price 1 
 Category As of September 30, 2023 
 Internal Performance Ratings 4 and 5 (Performing At or Above Expectations) 98.6 Internal Performance Rating 3 (Performing Below Expectations) 97.1 Total 98.6 
 
 (1) Includes only debt investments held as of September 30, 2023. Value reflects weighted average fair value of debt investments as a percentage of principal by Internal Performance Rating category. 
 
 Distributions 
 
 We intend to make periodic distributions to our shareholders as determined by our board of trustees. For additional details on distributions, see Income taxes in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 We may not be able to achieve operating results that will allow us to make distributions at a specific level or to increase the amount of our distributions from time to time. In addition, the asset coverage requirements applicable to us as a business development company under the 1940 Act could potentially limit our ability to make distributions. If we do not distribute a certain percentage of our income annually, we will suffer adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences, including the possible loss of our ability to be subject to tax as a RIC. We cannot assure shareholders that they will receive any distributions. 
 
 Because federal income tax regulations differ from GAAP, distributions in accordance with tax regulations can differ from net investment income and realized gains recognized for financial reporting purposes. Differences are permanent or temporary. Permanent differences are reclassified within capital accounts in the financial statements to reflect their tax character. For example, permanent differences in classification result from the treatment of distributions paid from short-term gains as ordinary income dividends for tax purposes. Temporary differences arise when certain items of income, expense, gain or loss are recognized at some time in the future. 
 
 To the extent our taxable earnings fall below the total amount of our distributions for any tax year, a portion of those distributions could be deemed a return of capital to our shareholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus, the source of a distribution to our shareholders could be the original capital invested by the shareholder rather than our income or gains. Shareholders should read any written disclosure accompanying a distribution payment carefully and should not assume that the source of any distribution is our ordinary income or gains. 
 
 We have adopted an opt out dividend reinvestment plan for our common shareholders. As a result, if we declare a distribution, our shareholders cash distributions will be automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common shares unless a shareholder specifically opts out of our dividend reinvestment plan. If a shareholder opts out, that shareholder will receive cash distributions. Although distributions paid in the form of additional shares of our common shares will generally be subject to U.S. federal, state and local taxes in the same manner as cash distributions, shareholders participating in our dividend reinvestment plan will not receive any corresponding cash distributions with which to pay any such applicable taxes. 

Related Party Transactions 
 
 We have entered into a number of business relationships with affiliated or related parties, including the following: 
 
 We entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with GC Advisors. Mr. David Golub, our chief executive officer, is a manager of GC Advisors and owns an indirect pecuniary interest in GC Advisors. 
 Golub Capital LLC provides us with the office facilities and administrative services necessary to conduct day-to-day operations pursuant to our Administration Agreement. 
 95 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

We have entered into a license agreement with Golub Capital LLC, pursuant to which Golub Capital LLC has granted us a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name Golub Capital. 
 Under the Staffing Agreement, Golub Capital LLC has agreed to provide GC Advisors with the resources necessary to fulfill its obligations under the Investment Advisory Agreement. The Staffing Agreement provides that Golub Capital LLC will make available to GC Advisors experienced investment professionals and provide access to the senior investment personnel of Golub Capital LLC for purposes of evaluating, negotiating, structuring, closing and monitoring our investments. The Staffing Agreement also includes a commitment that the members of GC Advisors investment committee will serve in such capacity. Services under the Staffing Agreement are provided on a direct cost reimbursement basis. We are not a party to the Staffing Agreement. 
 We entered into the Expense Support Agreement with GC Advisors, pursuant to which GC Advisors may elect to pay certain expenses on our behalf, provided that no portion of the payment will be used to pay any interest or any of our distribution and/or shareholder servicing fees. 
 GC Advisors serves as collateral manager to the 2023 Issuer under the 2023 Collateral Management Agreement. Fees payable to GC Advisors for providing these services offset against the base management fee payable by us under the Investment Advisory Agreement. 
 On July 3, 2023, we entered into the Adviser Revolver with GC Advisors as the lender, pursuant to which GC Advisors has provided us with a 50 million unsecured, revolving line of credit for borrowings on a short-term basis to fulfill our working capital needs. 
 On April 27, 2023, an affiliate of GC Advisors purchased 2,000 shares of our Class F common shares of beneficial interest at 25.00 per share. 
 On July 1, 2023, we entered into the Share Purchase and Sale Agreement, with GCP HS Fund, GCP CLO Holdings Sub LP, and GC Advisors, in which we acquired all of the assets and liabilities Seed Assets of the CLO Vehicle through the purchase of 100 of the beneficial interests in, and 100 of the subordinated notes issued by the CLO Vehicle. The Seed Assets consisted of loans to 80 borrowers, cash and other assets. 
 GC Advisors also sponsors or manages, and expects in the future to sponsor or manage, other investment funds, accounts or investment vehicles (together referred to as accounts that have investment mandates that are similar, in whole and in part, with ours. For example, GC Advisors presently serves as the investment adviser to Golub Capital BDC, Inc., or GBDC, a publicly-traded business development company (Nasdaq: GBDC), Golub 
 Capital BDC 3, Inc., or GBDC 3, Golub Capital Direct Lending Corporation, or GDLC, Golub Capital Direct Lending Unlevered Corporation, or GDLCU, and Golub Capital BDC 4, Inc., or GBDC 4, which are business development companies that primarily focus on investing in one stop and other senior secured loans. In addition, our officers and trustees serve in similar capacities for GBDC, GBDC 3, GDLC, GDLCU and GBDC 4. If GC Advisors and its affiliates determine that an investment is appropriate for us, GBDC, GBDC 3, GDLC, GDLCU, GBDC 4 and other accounts, depending on the availability of such investment and other appropriate factors, and pursuant to GC Advisors allocation policy, GC Advisors or its affiliates could determine that we should invest side-by-side with one or more other accounts. 
 
 We do not intend to make any investments if they are not permitted by applicable law and interpretive positions of the SEC and its staff, or if they are inconsistent with GC Advisors allocation procedures. 
 
 In addition, we have adopted a formal code of ethics that governs the conduct of our and GC Advisors officers, trustees and employees. Our officers and trustees also remain subject to the duties imposed by both the 1940 Act and Delaware law. 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and revenues and expenses during the periods reported. 
 96 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following items as critical accounting policies. 
 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 
 We value investments for which market quotations are readily available at their market quotations. However, a readily available market value is not expected to exist for many of the investments in our portfolio, and we value these portfolio investments at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of trustees under our valuation policy and process. 
 
 Valuation methods include comparisons of the portfolio companies to peer companies that are public, determination of the enterprise value of a portfolio company, discounted cash flow analysis and a market interest rate approach. The factors that are taken into account in fair value pricing investments include: available current market data, including relevant and applicable market trading and transaction comparables; applicable market yields and multiples; security covenants; call protection provisions; information rights; the nature and realizable value of any collateral; the portfolio company s ability to make payments, its earnings and discounted cash flows and the markets in which it does business; comparisons of financial ratios of peer companies that are public; comparable merger and acquisition transactions; and the principal market and enterprise values. When an external event such as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs, we will consider the pricing indicated by the external event to corroborate the private equity valuation. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the investments can differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a readily available market value existed for such investments and differ materially from values that are ultimately received or settled. 
 
 Our board of trustees is ultimately and solely responsible for determining, in good faith, the fair value of investments that are not publicly traded, whose market prices are not readily available on a quarterly basis or any other situation where portfolio investments require a fair value determination. 
 
 With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, our board of trustees undertakes a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below: 
 
 Our quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company investment being initially valued by the investment professionals of GC Advisors responsible for credit monitoring. Preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with our senior management and GC Advisors. The audit committee of our board of trustees reviews these preliminary valuations. At least once annually, the valuation for each portfolio investment, subject to a de minimis threshold, is reviewed by an independent valuation firm. The board of trustees discusses valuations and determines the fair value of each investment in our portfolio in good faith. 
 
 Determination of fair values involves subjective judgments and estimates. Under current accounting standards, the notes to our consolidated financial statements refer to the uncertainty with respect to the possible effect of such valuations, and any change in such valuations, on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 We follow ASC Topic 820 for measuring fair value. Fair value is the price that would be received in the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Where available, fair value is based on observable market prices or parameters, or derived from such prices or parameters. Where observable prices or inputs are not available, valuation models are applied. These valuation models involve some level of management estimation and judgment, the degree of which is dependent on the price transparency for the assets or liabilities or market and the assets or liabilities complexity. Our fair value analysis includes an analysis of the value of any unfunded loan commitments. Assets and liabilities are categorized 
 for disclosure purposes based upon the level of judgment associated with the inputs used to measure their value. The valuation hierarchical levels are based upon the transparency of the inputs to the valuation of the asset or liability as of the measurement date. The three levels are defined as follows: 
 
 Level 1: Inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date. 
 
 97 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Level 2: Inputs include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets and inputs that are observable for the assets or liabilities, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 
 
 Level 3: Inputs include significant unobservable inputs for the assets or liabilities and include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the assets or liabilities. The inputs into the determination of fair value are based upon the best information available and may require significant management judgment or estimation. 
 
 In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, an asset s or a liability s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and we consider factors specific to the asset or liability. We assess the levels of assets and liabilities at each measurement date, and transfers between levels are recognized on the actual date of the event or change in circumstances that caused the transfers. There were no transfers among Level 1, 2 and 3 of the fair value hierarchy for assets and liabilities during the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023. The following section describes the valuation techniques used by us to measure different assets and liabilities at fair value and includes the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the assets and liabilities are categorized. 

Valuation of Investments 
 
 Level 1 investments are valued using quoted market prices. Level 2 investments are valued using market consensus prices that are corroborated by observable market data and quoted market prices for similar assets and liabilities. Level 3 investments are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of trustees, based on input of management, the audit committee and independent valuation firms that have been engaged at the direction of our board of trustees to assist in the valuation of each portfolio investment without a readily available market quotation at least once during a trailing twelve-month period under a valuation policy and a consistently applied valuation process. This valuation process is conducted at the end of each fiscal quarter, with approximately 25 (based on the number of portfolio companies) of our valuations of debt and equity investments without readily available market quotations subject to review by an independent valuation firm and each portfolio company subject to review at least once during a trailing twelve-month period. As of September 30, 2023, 139.9 million and 1,038.7 million of investments were valued using Level 2 inputs and Level 3 inputs, respectively. As of September 30, 2023, all money market funds included in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents were valued using Level 1 inputs. 
 
 When determining fair value of Level 3 debt and equity investments, we may take into account the following factors, where relevant: the enterprise value of a portfolio company, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flows, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparisons to publicly traded securities, and changes in the interest rate environment and the credit markets generally that may affect the price at which similar investments may be made and other relevant factors. The primary method for determining enterprise value uses a multiple analysis whereby appropriate multiples are applied to the portfolio company s EBITDA. A portfolio company s EBITDA 
 may include pro-forma adjustments for items such as acquisitions, divestitures, or expense reductions. The enterprise value analysis is performed to determine the value of equity investments and to determine if debt investments are credit impaired. If debt investments are credit impaired, we will use the enterprise value analysis or a liquidation basis analysis to determine fair value. For debt investments that are not determined to be credit impaired, we use a market interest rate yield analysis to determine fair value. 
 
 In addition, for certain debt investments, we may base our valuation on indicative bid and ask prices provided by an independent third-party pricing service. Bid prices reflect the highest price that we and others may be willing to pay. Ask prices represent the lowest price that we and others may be willing to accept. We generally use the midpoint of the bid/ask range as our best estimate of fair value of such investment. 
 
 Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of Level 3 investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a market existed for such investments and may differ materially from the values that may ultimately be received or settled. Further, such investments are generally subject to legal and other restrictions or otherwise are 
 98 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

less liquid than publicly traded instruments. If we were required to liquidate a portfolio investment in a forced or liquidation sale, we may realize significantly less than the value at which such investment had previously been recorded. 
 
 Our investments are subject to market risk. Market risk is the potential for changes in the value due to market changes. Market risk is directly impacted by the volatility and liquidity in the markets in which the investments are traded. 
 
 Pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, as recently amended, the board of directors of a registered investment company or BDC is permitted to delegate to a valuation designee, which could be its investment adviser, the responsibility to determine fair value of investments in good faith subject to the oversight of the board. Our board of trustees makes a determination of fair value of our investments for which market quotations are not readily available in accordance with our valuation policies and procedures and has not designated GC Advisors or any other entity as a valuation designee. 
 
 In connection with each sale of our common shares, we make a determination that we are not selling common shares at a price below the then-current net asset value per share of common shares at the time at which the sale is made or otherwise in violation of the 1940 Act. GC Advisors will consider the following factors, among others, in making such determination: 
 
 The net asset value of our common shares disclosed in the most recent periodic report filed with the SEC; 
 Its assessment of whether any change in the net asset value per share of our common shares has occurred (including through the realization of gains on the sale of portfolio securities) during the period beginning on the date of the most recently disclosed net asset value per share of our common shares and ending on the date on which the offering price for such month is determined; and 
 The magnitude of the difference between the sale price of the shares of commons shares and management s assessment of any change in the net asset value per share of our common shares during the period discussed above. 

Valuation of Other Financial Assets and Liabilities 
 
 The fair value of our debt is estimated using Level 3 inputs by discounting remaining payments using comparable market rates or market quotes for similar instruments at the measurement date, if available. 
 
 Revenue Recognition: 
 
 Our revenue recognition policies are as follows: 
 
 Investments and Related Investment Income: Interest income is accrued based upon the outstanding principal amount and contractual interest terms of debt investments. Premiums, discounts, and origination fees are amortized or accreted into interest income over the life of the respective debt investment. For investments with contractual PIK interest, which represents contractual interest accrued and added to the principal balance that generally becomes due at maturity, we do not accrue PIK interest if the portfolio company valuation indicates that the PIK interest is not likely to be collectible. In addition, we may generate revenue in the form of amendment, structuring or due diligence fees, fees for providing managerial assistance, administrative agent fees, consulting fees and prepayment premiums on loans and record these fees as fee income when earned. Loan origination fees, original issue discount and market discount or premium are capitalized, and we accrete or amortize such amounts as interest income. We record prepayment premiums on loans as fee income. Dividend income on preferred equity securities is recorded as dividend income on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are payable by the portfolio company and are expected to be collected. Certain preferred equity securities that contain a PIK dividend provision are accrued and recorded as income at the contractual rates, if deemed collectible. The accrued PIK and non-cash dividends are capitalized to the cost basis of the preferred equity security and are generally collected when redeemed by the issuer. Dividend income on common equity securities is recorded on the record date for private portfolio companies or on the ex-dividend date for publicly traded portfolio companies. Distributions received from limited liability company, or LLC, and limited partnership, or LP, investments are evaluated to determine if the distribution should be recorded 
 99 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

as dividend income or a return of capital. Generally, we will not record distributions from equity investments in LLCs and LPs as dividend income unless there are sufficient accumulated tax-basis earnings and profits in the LLC or LP prior to the distribution. Distributions that are classified as a return of capital are recorded as a reduction in the cost basis of the investment. 
 
 We account for investment transactions on a trade-date basis. Realized gains or losses on investments are measured by the difference between the net proceeds from the disposition and the cost basis of investment, without regard to unrealized gains or losses previously recognized. We report changes in fair value of investments from the prior period that is measured at fair value as a component of the net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investment transactions in our Consolidated Statement of Operations and fluctuations arising from the translation of foreign exchange rates on investments in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on translation of assets and liabilities in foreign currencies on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 Non-accrual: Loans may be left on accrual status during the period we are pursuing repayment of the loan. Management reviews all loans that become past due 90 days or more on principal and interest or when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected for possible placement on non-accrual status. We generally reverse accrued interest when a loan is placed on non-accrual. Additionally, any original issue discount and market discount are no longer accreted to interest income as of the date the loan is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment. We restore non-accrual loans to accrual status when past due principal and interest are paid and, in our management s judgment, are likely to remain current. As of September 30, 2023, we had no portfolio company investments on non-accrual status. 
 
 Income taxes: We intend to elect to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code and will operate in a manner so as to qualify for the tax treatment applicable to RICs. In order to be subject to tax as a RIC, we are required to meet certain source of income and asset diversification requirements, as well as timely distribute to our shareholders dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes of an amount generally at least equal to 90 of investment company taxable income, as defined by the Code and determined without regard to any deduction for dividends paid, for each tax year. We have made and intend to continue to make the requisite distributions to our shareholders, which will generally relieve us from U.S. federal income taxes on amounts distributed. 
 
 Depending on the level of taxable income earned in a tax year, we may choose to retain taxable income in excess of current year dividend distributions and would distribute such taxable income in the next tax year. We may then be required to incur a 4 excise tax on such income. To the extent that we determine that our estimated current year annual taxable income, determined on a calendar year basis, could exceed estimated current calendar year dividend distributions, we accrue excise tax, if any, on estimated excess taxable income as taxable income is earned. For the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023, we did not record any U.S. federal excise tax. 
 
 Because federal income tax regulations differ from GAAP, distributions in accordance with tax regulations may differ from net investment income and realized gains recognized for financial reporting purposes. Differences may be permanent or temporary. Permanent differences are reclassified within capital accounts in the financial statements to reflect their tax character. For example, permanent differences in classification may result from the treatment of distributions paid from short-term gains as ordinary income dividends for tax purposes. Temporary differences arise when certain items of income, expense, gain or loss are recognized at some time in the future. 
 100 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 
 A rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to higher interest rates applicable to the variable rate investments we may hold and to declines in the value of any fixed rate investments we may hold. A rise in interest rates would also be expected to lead to higher cost on our floating rate borrowings. If deemed prudent, we may use interest rate risk management techniques in an effort to minimize our exposure to interest rate fluctuations. 
 
 We plan to invest primarily in illiquid debt securities of private companies. Most of our investments will not have a readily available market price, and we will value these investments at fair value as determined in good faith pursuant to procedures adopted by, and under the oversight of, the board of trustees in accordance with our valuation policy. There is no single standard for determining fair value in good faith. As a result, determining fair value requires that judgment be applied to the specific facts and circumstances of each portfolio investment while employing a consistently applied valuation process for the types of investments we make. 
 
 We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. Many of the loans in our portfolio have floating interest rates, and we expect that our loans in the future may also have floating interest rates. These loans are usually based on a floating SOFR or another base rate and typically have interest rate reset provisions that adjust applicable interest rates under such loans to current market rates on a daily, monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual basis. The loans that are subject to floating SOFR or another base rate are also typically subject to a minimum base rate, or floor, that we charge on our loans if the current market rates are below the respective floors. As of September 30, 2023, the weighted average floor on the loans subject to floating interest rates was 0.73 . The SMBC Credit Facility has a floating interest rate provision primarily based on an applicable base rate (as defined in Note 6 of our consolidated financial statements), the Adviser Revolver has a floating interest rate provision equal to the short-term Applicable Federal Rate and the Class A-1 Notes and Class A-2 Notes issued in connection with the 2023 Debt Securitization have floating rate interest provisions based on three-month term SOFR. We expect that other credit facilities into which we enter in the future may have floating interest rate provisions. 
 
 Assuming that the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as of September 30, 2023 was to remain constant and that we took no actions to alter our interest rate sensitivity as of such date, the following table shows the annualized impact of hypothetical base rate changes in interest rates. 
 
 Change in interest rates Increase (decrease) in 
 interest income (1) 
 Increase (decrease) in interest expense Net increase (decrease) in investment income (In thousands) Down 200 basis points (23,915) (11,445) (12,470) Down 150 basis points (17,937) (8,584) (9,353) Down 100 basis points (11,958) (5,723) (6,235) Down 50 basis points (5,979) (2,861) (3,118) Up 50 basis points 5,979 2,861 3,118 Up 100 basis points 11,958 5,723 6,235 Up 150 basis points 17,937 8,584 9,353 Up 200 basis points 23,915 11,445 12,470 
 
 (1) Assumes applicable three-month base rate as of September 30, 2023, with the exception of SONIA and Prime that utilize the September 30, 2023 rate. 
 Although we believe that this analysis is indicative of our sensitivity to interest rate changes as of September 30, 2023, it does not adjust for changes in the credit market, credit quality, the size and composition of the assets in our portfolio and other business developments, including borrowings under the SMBC Credit Facility, the Adviser Revolver, the 2023 Debt Securitization, or other borrowings, that could affect net increase in net assets resulting from operations, or net income. Accordingly, we can offer no assurances that actual results would not differ materially from the analysis above. 
 
 101 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

We could in the future hedge against interest rate fluctuations by using standard hedging instruments such as interest rate swaps, futures, options and forward contracts to the limited extent permitted under the 1940 Act and applicable commodities laws. While hedging activities may insulate us against adverse changes in interest rates, they may also limit our ability to participate in the benefits of lower interest rates with respect to the investments in our portfolio with fixed interest rates. 
 
 102 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 104 
 Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as of September 30, 2023 
 105 
 Consolidated Statement of Operations for the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023 
 106 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets for the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023 
 107 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023 
 108 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of September 30, 2023 
 110 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 118 

103 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Trustees of Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statement of financial condition of Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries (the Company), including the consolidated schedule of investments, as of September 30, 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 30, 2023, and the results of its operations, changes in its net assets, and its cash flows for the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of investments owned as of September 30, 2023, by correspondence with the custodians. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 November 22, 2023 
 104 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

 September 30, 2023 Assets Non-controlled/non-affiliate company investments at fair value (amortized cost of 
 Cash and cash equivalents Foreign currencies (cost of 
 Restricted cash and cash equivalents Interest receivable Receivable for investments sold Deferred offering costs Other assets Total Assets Liabilities Debt Less unamortized debt issuance costs ) Debt less unamortized debt issuance costs Interest payable Distributions payable Management and incentive fees payable Payable for investments purchased Accrued trustee fees Accounts payable and accrued expenses Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 8) Net Assets Common shares, par value per share, unlimited shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2023 
 Paid in capital in excess of par Distributable earnings (losses) Total Net Assets Total Liabilities and Total Net Assets Number of common shares outstanding (Class I) Net asset value per common share (Class I) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 105 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statement of Operations 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

Period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023 Investment income Interest income Payment-in-kind interest income Fee income Total investment income Expenses Interest and other debt financing expenses Base management fee Incentive fee Professional fees Administrative service fee General and administrative expenses Total expenses Incentive fee waived (Note 3) ) Expense support (Note 3) ) Net expenses Net investment income Net gain (loss) on investment transactions Net realized gain (loss) from: Non-controlled/non-affiliate company investments Foreign currency transactions Net realized gain (loss) on investment transactions Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) from: Non-controlled/non-affiliate company investments Translation of assets and liabilities in foreign currencies ) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investment transactions ) Net gain (loss) on investment transactions Net realized gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations Per Common Share Data Basic and diluted earnings per Class I common share (Note 11) Basic and diluted weighted average Class I common shares outstanding (Note 11) 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 106 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets 
 (In thousands, except share data) 

 Common Shares Paid in Capital in Excess of Par Distributable Earnings (Losses) Total Net Assets Shares Par Amount Balance at June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) Issuance of common shares (Class I) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations: Net investment income Net realized gain (loss) on investment transactions Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investment transactions ) ) Net realized gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt ) ) Distributions to shareholders: Shares issued in connection with dividend reinvestment plan (Class I) Distributions from distributable earnings (losses) (Class I) ) ) Distributions declared and payable (Class I) ) ) Tax reclassification of shareholders equity in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ) Total increase (decrease) for the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023 
 Balance at September 30, 2023 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 107 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 

Period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Amortization of deferred debt issuance costs Amortization of discounts on liabilities Accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums ) Net realized (gain) loss on investments ) Net realized (gain) loss on foreign currency transactions ) Net realized gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments ) Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on translation of assets and liabilities in foreign currencies Proceeds from (fundings of) revolving loans, net Purchases and fundings of investments ) Proceeds from principal payments of portfolio investments Payment-in-kind interest capitalized ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Interest receivable ) Receivable for investments sold ) Other assets ) Interest payable Management and incentive fees payable Payable for investments purchased Accrued trustee fees Accounts payable and accrued expenses Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from financing activities Borrowings on debt Repayments of debt ) Capitalized debt issuance costs ) Deferred offering costs ) Proceeds from issuance of common shares Distributions paid ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Net change in cash and cash equivalents, foreign currencies and restricted cash and cash equivalents Effect of foreign currency exchange rates ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, foreign currencies and restricted cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for interest Distributions declared for the period Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activity: Shares issued in connection with dividend reinvestment plan Change in distributions payable 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 108 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows - (continued) 
 (In thousands) 

The following table provides a reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents, foreign currencies and restricted cash and cash equivalents within the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition that sum to the total of the same such amounts in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows: 
 As of September 30, 2023 Cash and cash equivalents Foreign currencies (cost of 
 Restricted cash and cash equivalents Total cash and cash equivalents, foreign currencies and restricted cash and cash equivalents shown in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 See Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Updates for a description of cash and cash equivalents, foreign currencies, and restricted cash and cash equivalents. 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 109 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2023 
 (Dollar and share amounts in thousands) 

Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) / 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Investments Non-controlled/non-affiliate company investments Debt investments Aerospace and Defense AI Convoy US Borrower, LLC (7)(11) Senior secured L + (a) 1/1/2027 Bleriot US Bidco Inc. (7)(17) Senior secured SF + (j) 10/1/2028 Dynasty Acquisition Co. (17) Senior secured SF + (i) 8/1/2028 Dynasty Acquisition Co. (7)(17) Senior secured SF + (i) 8/1/2028 Transdigm Inc. (7)(17) Senior secured SF + (j) 8/1/2028 Airlines Accelya Lux Finco S.A.R.L. (7)(11) One stop SF + (j) 12/1/2026 Brown Group Holding, LLC (17) Senior secured SF + (i)(j) 6/1/2029 KKR Apple Bidco, LLC (17) Senior secured SF + (i) 9/1/2028 Auto Components COP CollisionRight Holdings, Inc. One stop SF + (j) 4/1/2028 OEConnection, LLC (17) Senior secured SF + (i) 9/1/2026 Automobiles Denali Midco 2, LLC One stop SF + (i) 12/1/2027 JHCC Holdings LLC One stop SF + (j) 9/1/2025 National Express Wash Parent Holdco, LLC One stop SF + (j)(k) 7/1/2029 TWAS Holdings, LLC One stop SF + (i) 12/1/2026 Beverages Winebow Holdings, Inc. One stop SF + (i) 7/1/2025 Chemicals Inhance Technologies Holdings LLC One stop SF + (j) 7/1/2024 Inhance Technologies Holdings LLC One stop SF + (j) 7/1/2024 Innophos Holdings, Inc. (7)(17) Senior secured SF + (i) 2/1/2027 W.R. Grace Co (7)(17) Senior secured SF + (j) 8/1/2028 Commercial Services and Supplies BrightView Landscapes, LLC (7)(17) Senior secured SF + (j) 4/1/2029 Kleinfelder Intermediate, LLC One stop SF + (j) 9/1/2030 Kleinfelder Intermediate, LLC One stop SF + (j) 9/1/2028 Kleinfelder Intermediate, LLC (5) One stop SF + N/A(6) 9/1/2030 ) ) Radwell Parent, LLC One stop SF + (j) 3/1/2029 Construction Engineering Belfor USA Group Inc. Senior secured SF + (i) 4/1/2026 Pike Corporation (7)(17) Senior secured SF + (i) 1/1/2028 Construction Materials U.S. Silica Company (7)(17) Senior secured SF + (i) 3/1/2030 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 110 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2023 
 (Dollar and share amounts in thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) / 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Containers and Packaging AmerCareRoyal LLC (16) Senior secured SF + (i) cash/ PIK 11/1/2025 AOT Packaging Products Acquisitionco, LLC (17) Senior secured SF + (i) 3/1/2028 Berlin Packaging, LLC (17) Senior secured SF + (i)(j) 3/1/2028 Chase Intermediate One stop SF + (i)(j)(k) 10/1/2028 Pegasus BidCo (7)(12)(17) Senior secured SF + (j) 7/1/2029 Reynolds Group Holdings (7)(17) Senior secured SF + (i) 10/1/2028 Technimark, LLC (17) Senior secured SF + (i) 6/1/2028 WP Deluxe Merger Sub (17) Senior secured SF + (j) 5/1/2028 Diversified Consumer Services Certus Pest, Inc. One stop SF + (j) 2/1/2026 Certus Pest, Inc. One stop SF + (j) 2/1/2026 Certus Pest, Inc. One stop SF + (j) 2/1/2026 Certus Pest, Inc. One stop SF + (j) 2/1/2026 Certus Pest, Inc. One stop SF + (j) 2/1/2026 Certus Pest, Inc. One stop SF + (j) 2/1/2026 COP Exterminators Acquisitions, Inc. Senior secured SF + (j) 7/1/2029 COP Exterminators Acquisitions, Inc. (5) Senior secured SF + N/A(6) 7/1/2029 ) ) COP Exterminators Acquisitions, Inc. (5) Senior secured SF + N/A(6) 7/1/2029 ) ) HS Spa Holdings, Inc. One stop SF + (k) 6/1/2029 Liminex, Inc. One stop SF + (j) 11/1/2026 Provenance Buyer LLC One stop SF + (i) 6/1/2027 Provenance Buyer LLC One stop SF + (i) 6/1/2027 RW AM Holdco LLC One stop SF + (k) 4/1/2028 Diversified Financial Services Finastra USA, Inc. (7) One stop SF + (k) 9/1/2029 Finastra USA, Inc. (7) One stop SF + (i) 9/1/2029 Focus Financial Partners, LLC (17) Senior secured SF + (i) 6/1/2028 Higginbotham Insurance Agency, Inc. (5) One stop SF + N/A(6) 11/1/2028 ) ) Howden Group Holdings Limited (7)(9)(17) Senior secured SF + (i) 11/1/2027 Mariner Wealth Advisors, LLC Senior secured SF + (j) 8/1/2028 Mariner Wealth Advisors, LLC Senior secured SF + (j) 8/1/2028 The Dun Bradstreet Corporation (7)(17) Senior secured SF + (i) 1/1/2029 Food and Staples Retailing Eagle Parent Corp. (17) Senior secured SF + (j) 4/1/2029 Food Products Louisiana Fish Fry Products, Ltd. One stop SF + (j) 7/1/2027 Health Care Technology Alegeus Technologies Holdings Corp. Senior secured SF + (k) 9/1/2024 ESO Solution, Inc. One stop SF + (j) 5/1/2027 GHX Ultimate Parent Corporation Senior secured SF + (j) 6/1/2027 Mediware Information Systems, Inc. (17) Senior secured SF + (i) 3/1/2028 Neptune Holdings, Inc. One stop SF + (k) 9/1/2030 Neptune Holdings, Inc. (5) One stop SF + N/A(6) 8/1/2029 ) ) Qgenda Intermediate Holdings, LLC One stop SF + (j) 6/1/2025 Qgenda Intermediate Holdings, LLC One stop SF + (j) 6/1/2025 Stratose Intermediate Holdings II, LLC (17) Senior secured SF + (i) 9/1/2026 Tebra Technologies, Inc. (16) One stop SF + (i) cash/ PIK 6/1/2025 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 111 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2023 
 (Dollar and share amounts in thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) / 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Healthcare Equipment and Supplies Blue River Pet Care, LLC One stop SF + (j) 7/1/2026 Blue River Pet Care, LLC One stop SF + (j) 7/1/2026 CCSL Holdings, LLC (7) One stop SF + (i) 12/1/2026 CMI Parent Inc. Senior secured SF + (i) 8/1/2025 Medline Borrower, LP (7)(17) Senior secured SF + (i) 10/1/2028 Healthcare Providers and Services AHP Health Partners, Inc. (7)(17) Senior secured SF + (i) 8/1/2028 AVG Intermediate Holdings AVG Subsidiary Holdings LLC One stop SF + (j) 3/1/2027 Bamboo US Bidco LLC One stop SF + (i) 9/1/2030 Bamboo US Bidco LLC (7)(8) One stop E + (c) 9/1/2030 Bamboo US Bidco LLC (5) One stop SF + N/A(6) 9/1/2029 ) ) Bamboo US Bidco LLC (5) One stop SF + N/A(6) 9/1/2030 ) ) CCRR Parent, Inc. Senior secured SF + (i) 3/1/2028 Midwest Veterinary Partners, LLC (17) Senior secured SF + (i) 4/1/2028 New Look (Delaware) Corporation and NL1 AcquireCo, Inc. (7)(8)(10) One stop C + (g) 5/1/2028 Pharmerica (17) Senior secured SF + (i) 3/1/2026 Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc. One stop SF + (j) 1/1/2026 Verscend Holding Corp. (17) Senior secured SF + (i) 8/1/2025 Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure BJH Holdings III Corp. One stop SF + (j) 8/1/2025 Fertitta Entertainment, LLC (17) Senior secured SF + (i) 1/1/2029 Health Buyer, LLC Senior secured SF + (b)(j) 4/1/2029 Scientific Games Holdings LP (17) Senior secured SF + (j) 4/1/2029 SSRG Holdings, LLC One stop SF + (j) 11/1/2025 Tropical Smoothie Cafe Holdings, LLC One stop SF + (j) 9/1/2026 YE Brands Holding, LLC One stop SF + (i) 10/1/2027 YE Brands Holding, LLC (5) One stop SF + N/A(6) 10/1/2027 ) Household Products WU Holdco, Inc. One stop SF + (j) 3/1/2026 WU Holdco, Inc. One stop SF + (j) 3/1/2026 Industrial Conglomerates Arch Global CCT Holdings Corp. Senior secured SF + (j) 4/1/2026 Arch Global CCT Holdings Corp. Senior secured SF + (j) 4/1/2026 CPM Holdings, Inc. Senior secured SF + (i) 11/1/2025 EAB Global, Inc. (17) Senior secured L + (a) 8/1/2028 Excelitas Technologies Corp. (7)(8) One stop E + (d) 8/1/2029 Insurance Acrisure, LLC (17) Senior secured L + (a) 2/1/2027 AMBA Buyer, Inc. One stop SF + (j) 7/1/2027 AMBA Buyer, Inc. One stop SF + (j) 7/1/2027 AMBA Buyer, Inc. One stop SF + (j) 7/1/2027 AssuredPartners Capital, Inc. (7)(17) Senior secured SF + (i) 2/1/2027 Captive Resources Midco, LLC (16) One stop SF + (i) cash/ PIK 7/1/2029 Compass Investors, Inc. (17) Senior secured SF + (j) 11/1/2029 Galway Borrower LLC One stop SF + (j) 9/1/2028 Hub International Limited (7)(17) Senior secured SF + (j) 11/1/2029 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 112 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2023 
 (Dollar and share amounts in thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) / 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Integrated Specialty Coverages, LLC One stop SF + (i)(j)(k) 7/1/2030 Integrated Specialty Coverages, LLC (5) One stop SF + N/A(6) 7/1/2029 ) ) Integrated Specialty Coverages, LLC (5) One stop SF + N/A(6) 7/1/2030 ) ) Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC One stop SF + N/A(6) 8/1/2026 Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC (5) One stop SF + N/A(6) 8/1/2026 ) ) J.S. Held Holdings, LLC One stop SF + (j) 7/1/2025 Majesco One stop SF + (j) 9/1/2027 OneDigital Borrower, LLC Senior secured SF + (i) 11/1/2027 IT Services Acquia, Inc. One stop L + (a) 10/1/2025 Delinea Inc. One stop SF + (j) 3/1/2028 Delinea Inc. One stop SF + (j) 3/1/2028 GXS Group, Inc. (7)(10)(17) Senior secured SF + (i) 1/1/2030 Infinisource, Inc. One stop SF + (k) 10/1/2026 Netwrix Corporation One stop SF + (j)(k) 6/1/2029 Saturn Borrower Inc. (16) One stop SF + (j) 9/1/2026 UKG Inc. (17) Senior secured SF + (j) 5/1/2026 WPEngine, Inc. One stop SF + (k) 8/1/2029 WPEngine, Inc. (5) One stop SF + N/A(6) 8/1/2029 ) ) Leisure Products Cast Crew Payroll, LLC (17) Senior secured SF + (i) 2/1/2026 EP Purchaser, LLC (17) Senior secured SF + (j) 11/1/2028 Life Sciences Tools Services PAS Parent Inc. One stop SF + (i) 12/1/2028 Machinery Filtration Group Corp. (17) Senior secured SF + (i) 10/1/2028 Wireco Worldgroup Inc. Senior secured SF + (i) 11/1/2028 Media Triple Lift, Inc. One stop SF + (j) 5/1/2028 Triple Lift, Inc. One stop SF + (j) 5/1/2028 Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels Envernus, Inc. Senior secured SF + (i) 7/1/2025 Project Power Buyer, LLC One stop SF + (j) 5/1/2026 Pharmaceuticals Caerus Midco 3 S.A.R.L. (7)(11) One stop SF + (j) 5/1/2029 Professional Services Eliassen Group, LLC One stop SF + (k) 4/1/2028 IG Investments Holdings, LLC One stop SF + (i)(j) 9/1/2028 IG Investments Holdings, LLC One stop SF + (j) 9/1/2028 NBG Acquisition Corp. and NBG-P Acquisition Corp. One stop SF + (j) 11/1/2028 Net Health Acquisition Corp. One stop SF + (i) 12/1/2025 PGA Holdings, Inc. (17) Senior secured SF + (j) 7/1/2026 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 113 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2023 
 (Dollar and share amounts in thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) / 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Road and Rail Kenan Advantage Group, Inc. Senior secured SF + (k) 3/1/2026 Software Anaplan, Inc. One stop SF + (i) 6/1/2029 Appfire Technologies, LLC One stop SF + (j) 3/1/2027 Apttus Corporation (17) Senior secured SF + (i) 5/1/2028 AQA Acquisition Holding, Inc. (17) Senior secured SF + (j) 3/1/2028 Axiom Merger Sub Inc. (7)(8) One stop E + (d)(e) 4/1/2026 Azul Systems, Inc. Senior secured SF + (j) 4/1/2027 Bottomline Technologies, Inc. One stop SF + (i) 5/1/2029 Bullhorn, Inc. One stop SF + (j) 9/1/2026 Bullhorn, Inc. One stop SF + (j) 9/1/2026 Camelia Bidco Limited (7)(8)(9) One stop SN + (h) 8/1/2030 Camelia Bidco Limited (7)(8)(9) One stop A + (f) 8/1/2030 Camelia Bidco Limited (5)(7)(8)(9) One stop SN + N/A( 8/1/2030 ) ) ConnectWise, LLC (17) Senior secured SF + (i) 10/1/2028 Daxko Acquisition Corporation One stop SF + (i) 10/1/2028 Dcert Buyer, Inc. (17) Senior secured SF + (i) 10/1/2026 Denali Bidco Limited (7)(8)(9) One stop SN + (h) 8/1/2030 Denali Bidco Limited (7)(8)(9) One stop E + (c) 8/1/2030 Denali Bidco Limited (5)(7)(8)(9) One stop SN + N/A(6) 8/1/2030 ) ) Diligent Corporation One stop SF + (j) 8/1/2025 ECI Macola/Max Holding, LLC (17) Senior secured SF + (j) 11/1/2027 EverCommerce Solutions, Inc. (7) Senior secured SF + (i) 7/1/2028 Evergreen IX Borrower 2023, LLC One stop SF + (j) 9/1/2030 Evergreen IX Borrower 2023, LLC (5) One stop SF + N/A(6) 10/1/2029 ) ) Hyland Software, Inc. One stop SF + (i) 9/1/2030 Hyland Software, Inc. (5) One stop SF + N/A(6) 9/1/2029 ) ) Juvare, LLC One stop SF + (j) 10/1/2026 Kaseya Inc. (16) One stop SF + (j) cash/ PIK 6/1/2029 LeadsOnline, LLC One stop SF + (i) 2/1/2028 LeadsOnline, LLC One stop SF + (i) 2/1/2028 LeadsOnline, LLC (5) One stop SF + N/A(6) 2/1/2028 ) ) Neo Bidco GMBH (7)(8)(11)(16) One stop E + (e) 7/1/2028 Panzura, LLC (16) One stop N/A cash/ PIK 8/1/2027 PDI TA Holdings, Inc. One stop SF + (j) 10/1/2024 Personify, Inc. One stop SF + (j) 9/1/2024 Pluralsight, LLC One stop SF + (j) 4/1/2027 QAD, Inc. One stop SF + (i) 11/1/2027 S2P Acquisition Borrower, Inc. (17) Senior secured SF + (i) 8/1/2026 SailPoint Technologies Holdings, Inc. One stop SF + (i) 8/1/2029 Sapphire Bidco Oy (7)(8)(13) One stop E + (d) 7/1/2029 Telesoft Holdings LLC One stop SF + (i) 12/1/2025 Togetherwork Holdings, LLC One stop SF + (i) 3/1/2025 Workforce Software, LLC (16) One stop SF + (j) cash/ PIK 7/1/2025 Zendesk, Inc. (16) One stop SF + (j) cash/ PIK 11/1/2028 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 114 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2023 
 (Dollar and share amounts in thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) / 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Specialty Retail Ashco, LLC (17) Senior secured SF + (i) 3/1/2028 Ave Holdings III, Corp One stop SF + (j) 2/1/2028 PPV Intermediate Holdings, LLC One stop SF + (j) 8/1/2029 Southern Veterinary Partners, LLC (17) Senior secured SF + (i) 10/1/2027 VSG Acquisition Corp. and Sherrill, Inc. One stop SF + (k) 4/1/2028 Trading Companies and Distributors Marcone Yellowstone Buyer Inc. One stop SF + (j) 6/1/2028 Marcone Yellowstone Buyer Inc. One stop SF + (j) 6/1/2028 Total debt investments 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 115 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2023 
 (Dollar and share amounts in thousands) 

 Investment Type Spread 
 Above 
 Index (1) 
 Interest 
 Rate (2) 
 Maturity Date Principal ) / 
 Shares (3) 
 Amortized Cost Percentage of Net Assets Fair 
 Value (4) 
 Equity investments (14)(15) 
 Software Denali Bidco Limited (7)(9) LP interest N/A N/A N/A Panzura, LLC LLC units N/A N/A N/A Total equity investments Total investments Money market funds (included in cash and cash equivalents) Morgan Stanley Institutional Liquidity Funds - Treasury Portfolio (CUSIP 61747C582) (18) Total money market funds Total investments and money market funds 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 116 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (continued) 
 September 30, 2023 
 (Dollar and share amounts in thousands) 

(1) 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) 
 (g) 
 (h) 
 (i) 
 (j) 
 (k) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) 
 (6) The entire commitment was unfunded as of September 30, 2023. As such, no interest is being earned on this investment. The investment may be subject to an unused facility fee. 
 (7) of the Company s total assets calculated in accordance with the 1940 Act. 
 (8) 
 (9) 
 (10) 
 (11) 
 (12) 
 (13) 
 (14) 
 (15) 
 (16) 
 (17) 
 (18) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 117 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 billion of common shares of beneficial interest pursuant to an offering registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company has applied for exemptive relief from the SEC that, if granted, will permit the Company to offer to sell any combination of classes of common shares, Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares, with a dollar value up to the maximum offering amount (the Public Offering ). There is no assurance, however, that the relief will be granted. 
 
 Beginning in April 2023, the Company commenced a separate private offering of Class F shares (the Private Offering to certain accredited investors (the Private Offering Investors ). On June 14, 2023, the Company completed the Private Offering and entered into subscription agreements with the Private Offering Investors for total commitments of million to purchase the Company s Class F shares. The offer and sale of these Class F Shares was exempt from the registration provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and/or Regulation S thereunder. Following the completion of the Private Offering, the Company's Class F Shares were reclassified as Class I Shares (the Reclassification ). On June 30, 2023, the Company received the Private Offering subscription proceeds and issued shares of the Company s Class F common shares (reclassified as Class I shares) at a purchase price of per share. 
 
 On July 1, 2023, the Company entered into a Share Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Share Purchase and Sale Agreement ), by and among the Company, GCP HS Fund, GCP CLO Holdings Sub LP (each, a Seller and, collectively, Sellers ), and the Investment Adviser. Pursuant to the Share Purchase and Sale Agreement, the Company acquired all of the assets and liabilities (the Seed Assets of GCP SG Warehouse 2022-1 (the CLO Vehicle through the purchase from the Sellers of of the beneficial interests in, and of the subordinated notes issued by the CLO Vehicle. 

118 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

See Note 5. Fair Value Measurements for further description of fair value methodology. 

119 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

For the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023, interest income included of accretion of discounts. For the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023, the Company received loan origination fees of . 
 
 For the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023, interest income included of PIK interest and the Company capitalized PIK interest of into the principal balance of certain debt investments. 

For the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023, fee income included prepayment premiums. 
 
 For the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023, the Company received interest and fee income in cash, which excludes capitalized loan origination fees, in the amount of . 
 
 For the period 
 120 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 recognize any PIK and non-cash dividend income to be capitalized into the cost basis of certain preferred equity investments and did receive any payments of accrued and capitalized preferred dividends in cash. 

For the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023, the Company did recognize dividend income received in cash and did receive any return of capital distributions in cash. 

As of September 30, 2023, the Company had portfolio company investments on non-accrual status. 

For the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023, the Company did record any U.S. federal excise tax. 

121 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 There were no material unrecognized tax benefits or unrecognized tax liabilities related to uncertain income tax positions through September 30, 2023. 

As of September 30, 2023, the Company had deferred debt issuance costs of . Amortization expense for deferred debt issuance costs for the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023 was . 
 
 For the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023, the Company amortized of deferred offering costs, which are included in professional fees on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

of the value of the Company s net assets as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the applicable quarter adjusted for share issuances and repurchases and is payable quarterly in arrears. For purposes of the Investment Advisory Agreement, net assets means the Company s assets less liabilities determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 For the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023, the base management fees incurred by the Company were . 

122 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 per quarter annualized). 
 
 The Company pays the Investment Adviser quarterly in arrears an Income Incentive Fee with respect to the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in each calendar quarter as follows: 
 
 No incentive fee based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in any calendar quarter in which Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns do not exceed the hurdle rate of per quarter annualized); 
 of the dollar amount of Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than a rate of return of annualized). This portion of Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than is referred to as the catch-up provision; and 
 of the dollar amount of Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, if any, that exceed a rate of return of annualized). This reflects that once the hurdle rate is reached and the catch-up is achieved, of all Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns thereafter are allocated to the Investment Adviser. 
 
 The sum of these calculations yields the Income Incentive Fee. This amount is appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the quarter. 
 
 During the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023, the Investment Adviser agreed to irrevocably waive of Income Incentive Fees payable pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement. After taking into account the waiver, the Income Incentive Fee incurred for the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023 was rather than . 

123 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 of cumulative realized capital gains from July 1, 2023 through the end of each calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid Capital Gain Incentive Fee. 
 
 Realized capital gains and losses include gains and losses on investments, foreign currencies, including gains and losses on borrowings in foreign currencies, derivative contracts and any income tax related to cumulative aggregate realized gains and losses. Each year, the fee paid for the Capital Gain Incentive Fee is net of the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fee for all prior periods. 
 
 During the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023, the Company did not accrue a Capital Gain Incentive Fee. As of September 30, 2023, there was no Capital Gain Incentive Fee payable as calculated under the Investment Advisory Agreement as described above. Any payment due for a Capital Gain Incentive Fee under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement is calculated in arrears at the end of each calendar year. 
 
 In accordance with GAAP, the Company also is required to include the aggregate unrealized capital appreciation on investments in the calculation and accrue a capital gain incentive fee on a quarterly basis, as if such unrealized capital appreciation were realized, even though such unrealized capital appreciation is not permitted to be considered in calculating the fee actually payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement, as applicable. There can be no assurance that any such unrealized capital appreciation will be realized in the future. For the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023, there was accrual of the capital gain incentive fee under GAAP. As of September 30, 2023, there was cumulative accrual for the capital gain incentive fee under GAAP included in management and incentive fees payable on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition. 
 
 Administration Agreement: Under the Administration Agreement, the Administrator furnishes the Company with office facilities and equipment, provides, or oversees the performance of, administrative and compliance services, including, but not limited to, maintaining financial records, overseeing the calculation of net asset value NAV and net offering price, preparing reports to shareholders and reports filed with the SEC, overseeing the preparation and filing of tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to shareholders, managing the payment of expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered by others. The Company reimburses the Administrator for the allocable portion of the Administrator s overhead and other expenses incurred by it in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent, fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions and the Company s allocable portion of the cost of its chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs. The Board reviews such expenses, including any allocation of expenses among the Company and other entities for which the Administrator provides similar services, to determine that those expenses are reasonable and comparable to administrative services charged by unaffiliated third-party asset managers. Under the Administration Agreement, the Administrator also provides, on the Company s behalf, managerial assistance to those portfolio companies to which the Company is required to provide such assistance and will be paid an additional amount based on the cost of the services provided, which amount shall not exceed the amount the Company receives from such portfolio companies. 
 
 As of September 30, 2023, included in accounts payable and other liabilities is for accrued allocated shared services under the Administration Agreement. 
 
 Each of the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement was approved by the Board, and both became effective on April 28, 2023 and will continue in effect for an initial term of . The Company may terminate the Investment Advisory Agreement or the Administration Agreement, without payment of any penalty, upon days written notice. 
 
 124 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 and of the aggregate NAV attributable to Class S shares and Class D shares, respectively. No shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees are paid with respect to Class I shares. The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees are payable to the Managing Dealer, but the Managing Dealer anticipates that all or a portion of the shareholder servicing fees and/or distribution fees will be retained by, or reallowed (paid) to, participating brokers. In addition, pursuant to the Managing Dealer Agreement, the Company pays the Managing Dealer certain fees for its services as Managing Dealer, which are borne indirectly by all shareholders of the Company. 
 
 The Managing Dealer is a broker-dealer registered with the SEC and a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ). 
 
 The Managing Dealer Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, by vote of a majority of the Company s trustees who are not interested persons , as defined in the 1940 Act, of the Company and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Company s distribution and servicing plan or the Managing Dealer Agreement or by vote a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company, on not more than days written notice to the Managing Dealer or the Investment Adviser. The Managing Dealer Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment, as defined in the 1940 Act. 
 
 Distribution and Servicing Plan: On April 4, 2023, the Board approved a distribution and servicing plan (the Distribution and Servicing Plan ). The following table shows the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees the Company pays the Managing Dealer with respect to the Class S, Class D and Class I on an annualized basis as a percentage of the Company s NAV for such class. The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees are paid monthly in arrears, calculated using the NAV of the applicable class as of the beginning of the first calendar day of each applicable quarter. 
 
 Class D Shares Class I Shares N/A 
 
 The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees paid under the Distribution and Servicing Plan are used primarily to compensate the Managing Dealer for such services provided in connection with the offering and sale of shares of the Company, and/or to reimburse the Managing Dealer for related expenses incurred, including payments by the Managing Dealer to compensate or reimburse brokers, other financial institutions or other industry professionals, for distribution services and sales support services provided and related expenses. Payments of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee are also used to compensate the Managing Dealer for personal services and/or the maintenance of shareholder accounts services provided to shareholders in the related share class and may be made without regard to expenses actually incurred. 
 
 Payments of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees on behalf of a particular share class must be in consideration of services rendered for or on behalf of such class. In addition to the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees, the Company also pays the Managing Dealer certain additional fees for its services under the Distribution and Servicing Plan, which are borne indirectly by all shareholders of the Company. Any fees paid pursuant to the Distribution and Servicing Plan may not exceed the maximum amounts, if any, as may from time to time be permitted by FINRA rules. 
 
 125 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 incur any distribution and/or shareholder servicing fees. 
 
 Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement: The Company has entered into an Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement (the Expense Support Agreement with the Investment Adviser. The Investment Adviser may elect to pay certain expenses on the Company s behalf (each, an Expense Support Payment ), provided that no portion of the payment will be used to pay any interest expense or distribution and/or shareholder servicing fees of the Company. Any Expense Support Payment that the Investment Adviser has committed to pay must be paid by the Investment Adviser to the Company in any combination of cash or other immediately available funds no later than after such commitment was made in writing, and/or offset against amounts due from the Company to the Investment Adviser or its affiliates. 
 
 Following any calendar month in which Available Operating Funds (as defined below) exceed the cumulative distributions accrued to the Company s shareholders based on distributions declared with respect to record dates occurring in such calendar month (the amount of such excess being hereinafter referred to as Excess Operating Funds ), the Company shall pay such Excess Operating Funds, or a portion thereof, to the Investment Adviser until such time as all Expense Support Payments made by the Investment Adviser to the Company within prior to the last business day of such calendar month have been reimbursed. Any payments required to be made by the Company shall be referred to herein as a Reimbursement Payment . Available Operating Funds means the sum of (i) the Company s net investment income calculated in accordance with GAAP, (ii) net capital gains (including the excess of net long-term capital gains over net short-term capital losses) and (iii) dividends and other distributions paid to the Company on account of investments in portfolio companies (to the extent such amounts listed in clause (iii) are not included under clauses (i) and (ii) above). 
 
 The Company s obligation to make a Reimbursement Payment shall automatically become a liability of the Company on the last business day of the applicable calendar month, except to the extent the Investment Adviser has waived its right to receive such payment for the applicable month. 
 
 Total 
 
 Public Offering Escrow Agreement: The Company entered into an escrow agreement (the Escrow Agreement with UMB Bank, N.A.. The Company will accept purchase orders and hold investors funds in an interest-bearing escrow account until the Company receives purchase orders for at least investors in such class (the Minimum Shareholder Amount and the Company s Board has authorized the release of the funds in the escrow account. If, as of the close of business on the one year anniversary of the commencement of the Public Offering, the Company has not satisfied the Minimum Shareholder Amount, the escrow agent will promptly send investors a full refund of their investment with interest and without deduction for escrow expenses. If the Company breaks escrow for its offering, interest earned on funds in escrow will be released to the Company s account and constitute part of the Company s net assets. 
 
 Other Related Party Transactions: On April 27, 2023, an affiliate of the Investment Adviser purchased shares of the Company s Class F common shares at per share. Following the completion of the Private Offering and prior to the commencement of the Public Offering, the Company's Class F shares were reclassified as Class I shares. 
 
 126 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 of expenses reimbursed to the Administrator for the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023. As of September 30, 2023, , which includes of Expense Support Payments, of reimbursable expenses that were paid by the Administrator on behalf of the Company were included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition. 
 
 The Company is party to an unsecured revolving credit facility with the Investment Adviser (the Adviser Revolver which, as of September 30, 2023, permits the Company to borrow a maximum of and expires on July 3, 2026. Refer to Note 6. Borrowings for discussion of the Adviser Revolver. 

One stop Equity N/A Total 

127 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 Midwest Northeast Southeast Southwest West United Kingdom Luxembourg Canada Netherlands Finland Total Fair Value: United States Mid-Atlantic Midwest Northeast Southeast Southwest West United Kingdom Luxembourg Canada Netherlands Finland Total 

128 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 Airlines Auto Components Automobiles Beverages Chemicals Commercial Services and Supplies Construction Engineering Construction Materials Containers and Packaging Diversified Consumer Services Diversified Financial Services Food and Staples Retailing Food Products Health Care Technology Healthcare Equipment and Supplies Healthcare Providers and Services Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure Household Products Industrial Conglomerates Insurance IT Services Leisure Products Life Sciences Tools Services Machinery Media Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels Pharmaceuticals Professional Services Road and Rail Software Specialty Retail Trading Companies and Distributors Total 
 
 129 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 Airlines Auto Components Automobiles Beverages Chemicals Commercial Services and Supplies Construction Engineering Construction Materials Containers and Packaging Diversified Consumer Services Diversified Financial Services Food and Staples Retailing Food Products Health Care Technology Healthcare Equipment and Supplies Healthcare Providers and Services Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure Household Products Industrial Conglomerates Insurance IT Services Leisure Products Life Sciences Tools Services Machinery Media Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels Pharmaceuticals Professional Services Road and Rail Software Specialty Retail Trading Companies and Distributors Total 

130 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 and of investments were valued using Level 2 inputs and Level 3 inputs, respectively. As of September 30, 2023, all money market funds included in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents were valued using Level 1 inputs. 
 
 When determining fair value of Level 3 debt and equity investments, the Company takes into account the following factors, where relevant: the enterprise value of a portfolio company, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flows, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparisons to publicly traded securities, and changes in the interest rate environment and the credit markets generally that affect the price at which similar investments are made and other relevant factors. The primary method for determining enterprise value uses a multiple analysis whereby appropriate multiples are applied to the portfolio company s net income before net interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization EBITDA ). A portfolio company s EBITDA can include pro-forma adjustments for items such as acquisitions, divestitures, or expense reductions. The enterprise value analysis is performed to determine the value of equity investments and to determine if debt investments are credit impaired. If debt investments are credit impaired, the Company will use the enterprise value analysis or a liquidation basis analysis to determine fair value. For debt investments that are not determined to be credit impaired, the Company uses a market interest rate yield analysis to determine fair value. 

131 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

Equity investments (1) 
 Money market funds (1)(2) 
 Total assets, at fair value: 
 
 (1) Refer to the Consolidated Schedule of Investments for further details. 

The net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) for the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023 reported within the net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments in the Company's Consolidated Statement of Operations attributable to the Company's Level 3 assets held as of September 30, 2023 was ). 

132 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments Net translation of investments in foreign currencies ) ) Realized gain (loss) on investments Realized gain (loss) on translation of investments in foreign currencies Fundings of (proceeds from) revolving loans, net ) ) Purchases and fundings of investments PIK interest and non-cash dividends Proceeds from principal payments ) ) Accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums Fair value, end of period 
 Yield analysis Market interest rate - 
 Market comparable companies EBITDA multiples x - x x) 
 Broker quotes Broker quotes N/A One stop loans (2) 
 Yield analysis Market interest rate - 
 Market comparable companies EBITDA multiples x - x x) 
 Market comparable companies Revenue multiples x - x x) 
 Equity (3) 
 Market comparable companies EBITDA multiples x 
 Revenue multiples x 
 
 (1) Unobservable inputs were weighted by the relative fair value of the instruments. 
 (2) The Company valued and of one stop loans using EBITDA and revenue multiples, respectively. All one stop loans were also valued using the market rate approach. 
 
 (3) The Company valued and of equity investments using EBITDA and revenue multiples, respectively. 
 
 The above table is not intended to be all-inclusive but rather to provide information on significant unobservable inputs and valuation techniques used by the Company. 
 The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s debt and equity investments are EBITDA multiples, revenue multiples and market interest rates. The Company uses EBITDA multiples and, to a lesser extent, revenue multiples on its debt and equity investments to determine any credit gains or losses. Increases or decreases in either of these inputs in isolation would have resulted in a significantly lower or higher fair value measurement. The Company uses market interest rates for loans to determine if the effective yield on a loan is commensurate with the market yields for that type of loan. If a loan s effective yield was significantly less than the market yield for a similar loan with a similar credit profile, then the resulting fair value of the loan may have been lower. 
 
 133 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

, or a ratio of total consolidated assets to outstanding indebtedness of 2:1 as compared to a maximum of 1:1 under the 200 asset coverage requirement under the 1940 Act. As of September 30, 2023, the Company s asset coverage for borrowed amounts was . 
 
 term debt securitization (the ). Term debt securitizations are also known as collateralized loan obligations and are a form of secured financing incurred by the Company, which is consolidated by the Company and subject to the overall asset coverage requirement. The notes offered in the 2023 Debt Securitization (the 2023 Notes were issued by the 2023 Issuer and are backed by a diversified portfolio of senior secured and second lien loans. The 2023 Notes offered in the 2023 Debt Securitization consist of of AAA Class A-1 Notes (the Class A-1 Notes ), which bear interest at three-month term SOFR plus ; of AAA Class A-2 Notes (the Class A-2 Notes ), which bear interest at three-month term SOFR plus ; and of subordinated notes, which do not bear interest (the Subordinated 2023 Notes ). The Company indirectly retained all of the Class A-2 Notes and Subordinated 2023 Notes which were eliminated in consolidation. The Class A-1 Notes are included in the September 30, 2023 Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as debt of the Company. 
 
 Through October 26, 2027, all principal collections received on the underlying collateral may be used by the 2023 Issuer to purchase new collateral under the direction of the Investment Adviser, in its capacity as collateral manager of the 2023 Issuer, in accordance with the Company s investment strategy and subject to customary conditions set forth in the documents governing the 2023 Debt Securitization, allowing the Company to maintain the initial leverage in the 2023 Debt Securitization. The Class A-1 and Class A-2 Notes are due on October 26, 2035. The Subordinated 2023 Notes are due in 2123. 
 
 portfolio companies with total fair value of securing the 2023 Notes. The pool of loans in the 2023 Debt Securitization must meet certain requirements, including asset mix and concentration, collateral coverage, term, agency rating, minimum coupon, minimum spread and sector diversity requirements. 
 
 The interest charged under the 2023 Debt Securitization is based on three-month term SOFR. The three-month term SOFR rate in effect as of September 30, 2023 based on the last interest rate reset was . 
 134 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

Amortization of debt issuance costs Total interest expense Annualized average stated interest rate Average outstanding balance 
 
 S P Rating "AAA" Fitch Rating "AAA" Interest Rate SOFR + 

The Investment Adviser serves as collateral manager to the 2023 Issuer receives a fee for providing these services. The total fees payable by the Company under the Investment Advisory Agreement are reduced by an amount equal to the total aggregate fees paid to the Investment Adviser by the 2023 Issuer for rendering such collateral management services. with the Company, as borrower, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as administrative agent and as collateral agent, and the lenders and issuing banks from time to time party thereto. Under the SMBC Credit Facility, the lenders have agreed to extend credit to the Company in an initial aggregate amount of up to in U.S. dollars and certain agreed upon foreign currencies with an option for the Company to request, at one or more times, that existing and/or new lenders, at their election, provide up to of additional commitments. 
 
 The SMBC Credit Facility provides for the issuance of letters of credit in an initial aggregate face amount of up to , subject to increase or reduction from time to time pursuant to the terms of the SMBC Credit Facility. 
 
 The SMBC Credit Facility is secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Company and certain of the Company s subsidiaries thereunder. 
 
 Borrowings under the SMBC Credit Facility bear interest at the applicable base rate plus a margin of either or , subject to compliance with a borrowing base test. The applicable base rate under the SMBC Credit Facility is (i) SOFR with respect to any advances denominated in U.S. dollars, (ii) SONIA with respect to any advances denominated in U.K. pound sterling, (iii) EURIBOR with respect to any advances denominated in euros, and (iv) the relevant rate as defined in the SMBC Credit Facility for borrowings in other currencies. Borrowings under the SMBC Credit Facility in U.S Dollars and U.K. pound sterling may also be subject to a flat credit adjustment spread of and , respectively, subject to compliance with a borrowing base test. 
 The Company pays a commitment fee of per annum on the daily unused portion of commitments under the SMBC Credit Facility. The Company is also required to pay letter of credit participation fees and a fronting fee on the daily amount of any lender s exposure with respect to any letters of credit issued at the request of the Company under the SMBC Credit Facility. The Company may request borrowings on the SMBC Credit Facility (the Availability Period through September 6, 2027 (the Commitment Termination Date ), and the SMBC Credit 
 135 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

As of September 30, 2023, the Company had outstanding debt of and letters of credit outstanding under the SMBC Credit Facility. 
 
 Facility fees Amortization of debt issuance costs Total interest expense Annualized average stated interest rate Average outstanding balance by and among the CLO Vehicle, as borrower, Soci t G n rale, as administrative agent, the lenders and the subordinated noteholders party thereto, and Wilmington Trust, National Association as collateral agent, collateral administrator, custodian and collateral custodian. On September 21, 2023, a portion of the proceeds from the 2023 Debt Securitization were used to repay all amounts outstanding on the CLO Vehicle Credit Facility, following which the agreements governing the CLO Vehicle Credit Facility were terminated. The termination of the CLO Vehicle Credit Facility resulted in a realized loss on extinguishment of debt of , which represents the unamortized discount on the notes issued under the CLO Vehicle Credit Facility at termination. 
 
 Prior to its termination, the CLO Vehicle Credit Facility allowed the Company to borrow up to at any one time outstanding, subject to leverage and borrowing base restrictions. The CLO Vehicle Credit Facility was secured by all of the assets held by the CLO Vehicle. Through June 7, 2024, all principal collections received on the underlying collateral could have been used by the Company to purchase new collateral under the direction of the Investment Manager, in its capacity as collateral manager, unless terminated earlier (the Reinvestment Period ). The stated maturity of the CLO Vehicle Credit Facility was June 7, 2030. The applicable base rate for borrowings under the CLO Vehicle Credit Facility was term SOFR for borrowings in U.S. dollars, CDOR for borrowings in Canadian dollars and EURIBOR for borrowings in Euros. The applicable margin on borrowings under the CLO Vehicle Credit Facility through the September 21, 2023 termination date was per annum. The Company paid a commitment fee of per annum on the daily unused portion of commitments under the CLO Vehicle Credit Facility. 
 
 136 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 Facility fees Accretion of discounts on notes issued Total interest expense Cash paid for interest expense Annualized average stated interest rate Average outstanding balance 
 
 The Investment Adviser served as collateral manager to the CLO Vehicle and was entitled to a fee for providing these services. The total fees payable by the Company under the Investment Advisory Agreement were reduced by an amount equal to the total aggregate fees paid to the Investment Adviser by the CLO Vehicle for rendering such collateral management services. 
 
 Adviser Revolver: The Company has entered into the Adviser Revolver with the Investment Adviser pursuant to which, as of September 30, 2023, permitted the Company to borrow up to in U.S. dollars and certain agreed upon foreign currencies and which had a maturity date of July 3, 2026. The Adviser Revolver bears an interest rate equal to the short-term Applicable Federal Rate AFR ). The short-term AFR as of September 30, 2023 was . As of September 30, 2023, the Company had outstanding debt under the Adviser Revolver. 
 
 Cash paid for interest expense Annualized average stated interest rate 
 Average outstanding balance 
 
 For the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023, the average total debt outstanding was . 
 
 For the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023, the effective annualized average interest rate, which includes amortization of debt financing costs and non-usage facility fees, on the Company's total debt was . 
 
 SMBC Credit Facility Total borrowings 

137 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) Increase (decrease) in Distributable Earnings (Losses) 
 Taxable income generally differs from net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations for financial reporting purposes due to temporary and permanent differences in the recognition of income and expenses and generally excludes unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments transactions as investment gains and losses are not included in taxable income until they are realized. 
 
 Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investment transactions Other income not currently taxable ) Expenses not currently deductible Other deductions/losses for tax not book ) Other realized gain/loss differences Taxable income before deductions for distributions 

138 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments ) Other temporary differences ) Total accumulated earnings (loss) book basis 
 
 Capital losses in excess of capital gains earned in a tax year may generally be carried forward and used to offset capital gains, subject to certain limitations. Capital losses incurred by the Company are not subject to expiration and retain their character as either short-term or long-term capital losses. As of September 30, 2023, the Company estimates that it will not have a capital loss carryforward available for use in subsequent tax years. 
 
 For tax purposes, the Company may elect to defer any portion of a post-October capital loss or late-year ordinary loss to the first day of the following fiscal year. As of September 30, 2023, the Company did not elect to defer any ordinary losses, short-term capital losses and long-term capital losses. 
 
 For the tax year ended September 30, 2023, the Company estimates taxable income in excess of the distributions made from such taxable income during the tax year, and therefore, the Company has elected to carry forward the excess for distribution to shareholders in the tax year ended September 30, 2024. The amount carried forward to tax year ended September 30, 2024 is estimated to be approximately of ordinary income, although this amount will not be finalized until the September 30, 2023 tax returns are filed in 2024. 
 
 As of September 30, 2023, the federal tax cost of investments was resulting in estimated gross unrealized gains and losses of and , respectively. 

, including of commitments on undrawn revolvers. 
 
 Indemnifications: In the normal course of business, the Company enters into contracts and agreements that contain a variety of representations and warranties that provide general indemnifications. The Company s maximum exposure under these arrangements is unknown, as these involve future claims against the Company that have not occurred. The Company expects the risk of any future obligations under these indemnifications to be remote. 
 
 Off-balance sheet risk: Off-balance sheet risk refers to an unrecorded potential liability that may result in a future obligation or loss, even though it does not appear on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition. The Company may enter into derivative instruments that contain elements of off-balance sheet market and credit risk. As of September 30, 2023, there were no commitments outstanding for derivative contracts. Derivative instruments can be affected by market conditions, such as interest rate and foreign currency volatility, which could impact the fair value of the derivative instruments. If market conditions move against the Company, it may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the derivative instruments and may realize a loss. The Company minimizes market risk through monitoring its investments and borrowings. 
 
 Concentration of credit and counterparty risk: Credit risk arises primarily from the potential inability of counterparties to perform in accordance with the terms of the contract. The Company in the future may engage in derivative transactions with counterparties. In the event that the counterparties do not fulfill their obligations, the Company may be exposed to risk. 
 
 139 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

Distributions declared: (2) 
 From net investment income ) Net investment income Net realized gain (loss) on investment transactions Net realized gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt ) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investment transactions (3) 
 ) Net asset value at end of period Total return based on net asset value per share (4) 
 Number of common shares outstanding 
 
 Period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2023 Listed below are supplemental data and ratios to the financial highlights: Class I Ratio of net investment income to average net assets 
 Ratio of total expenses to average net assets (5) 
 Ratio of incentive fee waiver to average net assets ) Ratio of expense support to average net assets ) Ratio of incentive fees to average net assets (5) 
 Ratio of net expenses to average net assets (5) 
 Ratio of total expenses (without incentive fees) to average net assets 
 Total return based on average net asset value (6) 
 Total return based on average net asset value - annualized (6) 
 Net assets at end of period Average debt outstanding Average debt outstanding per share Portfolio Turnover 
 Asset coverage ratio (7) 
 Asset coverage ratio per unit (8) 
 2,138.73 Average market value per unit (9) : 
 2023 Debt Securitization N/A SMBC Credit Facility N/A Adviser Revolver N/A 

140 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

shares of the Company s Class F common shares (reclassified as Class I shares) at a purchase price of per share. 
 
 On June 14, 2023, the Company completed the Private Offering and entered into subscription agreements with the Private Offering Investors for total commitments of million to purchase the Company s Class F common shares. Following the completion of the Private Offering and prior to the commencement of the Public Offering, the Company s Class F shares were reclassified as Class I shares. On June 30, 2023, the Company received the Private Offering subscription proceeds and issued Class F common shares (reclassified as Class I shares) at a purchase price of per share. 
 
 In connection with its formation, the Company has the authority to issue an unlimited number of common shares of beneficial interest at per share par value. The Company offers on a continuous basis up to billion of common shares of beneficial interest pursuant to the Public Offering. The Company has applied for exemptive relief from the SEC that, if granted, will permit the Company to offer to sell any combination of classes of common shares, Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares, through the Public Offering with a dollar value up to the maximum offering amount. There is no assurance, however, that the relief will be granted. The Company will accept purchase orders and hold investors funds in an interest-bearing escrow account until the Company receives purchase orders for at least investors in such class and the Company s Board has authorized the release of the funds in the escrow account. The share classes have different ongoing distribution and/or shareholder servicing fees. 
 
 In connection with the Public Offering, the Company sells shares at an offering price per share as determined in accordance with a share pricing policy. Under such policy, in connection with each monthly closing on the sale of shares of Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares, the Board has authorized the Investment Adviser to establish a net offering price that it believes reflects a price per share that is no less than the then-current NAV per share. 
 
 141 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 August 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 
 
 Distributions and Distribution Reinvestment 
 
 The Board authorizes and declares monthly distribution amounts per share that are recorded by the Company on the record date. 
 
 August 3, 2023 August 31, 2023 September 29, 2023 August 3, 2023 September 30, 2023 October 30, 2023 Total dividends declared for the period from June 30, 2023 (commencement of operations) 
 to September 30, 2023 

September 29, 2023 

Share Repurchase Program 
 
 At the discretion of the Board, the Company intends to commence a share repurchase program in which the Company intends to repurchase, in each quarter, up to of the NAV of the Company s common shares outstanding as of the close of the previous calendar quarter. The Board may amend, suspend or terminate the share repurchase program if it deems such action to be in the best interest of shareholders. As a result, share repurchases may not be available each quarter. The Company intends to conduct such repurchase offers in accordance with the requirements of Rule 13e-4 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the 1940 Act. All shares purchased pursuant to the terms of each tender offer will be retired and thereafter will be authorized and unissued shares. 
 
 Under the share repurchase program, to the extent the Company offers to repurchase shares in any particular quarter, it is expected to repurchase shares pursuant to tender offers on or around the last business day of the first month of such quarter using a purchase price equal to the NAV per share as of the last calendar day of the prior quarter, except that shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year will be repurchased at of such NAV (an Early Repurchase Deduction ). The one-year holding period is measured as of the subscription closing date immediately following the prospective repurchase date. The Early Repurchase Deduction will be retained by the Company for the benefit of remaining shareholders. 
 
 142 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 repurchase any shares. 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding Basic and diluted earnings per share 

Class I common shares through the DRIP. 
 
 The Company received of net proceeds from the issuance of Class I shares for subscriptions effective November 1, 2023. 
 
 On November 17, 2023, the Company entered into an amended and restated investment advisory agreement (the Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement with the Investment Adviser. The Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement amends and restates the investment advisory agreement, dated as of April 28, 2023, by and between the Company and the Investment Adviser (the Original Investment Advisory Agreement ). The terms of the Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement are unchanged from those of the Original Investment Advisory Agreement, under which the Investment Adviser has provided investment advisory services to the Company since its inception, except to clarify that to the extent the Investment Adviser or an affiliate of the Investment Adviser provides investment advisory, collateral management or other similar services to a subsidiary of the Company, the Company s management fee shall be reduced by an amount equal to the product of (a) the total fees paid to the Investment Adviser by such subsidiary for such services and (b) the percentage of such subsidiary s total equity that is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company. 
 
 On November 17, 2023, the Board adopted the Second Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust (the Second Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust in response to comments issued by certain state securities regulators in connection with their review of the of the Company s continuous offering of common shares of beneficial interest. As amended, the Second Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust provides (i) that unless otherwise permitted by 1940 Act or applicable guidance or exemptive relief of the SEC, the Company shall not purchase or lease assets in which the Investment Adviser or any affiliate thereof has an interest unless certain conditions are met, including that the transaction occurs at the formation of the Company; and (ii) that the Company and the Investment Adviser will take every commercially reasonable step to ensure that the Investment Adviser and those selling Company shares on the Investment Adviser s or Company s behalf will make every commercially reasonable effort 
 143 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

 November 17, 2023 November 30, 2023 December 29, 2023 November 17, 2023 December 30, 2023 January 30, 2024 November 17, 2023 January 31, 2024 February 28, 2024 

144 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 (a) Evaluation of Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of September 30, 2023 (the end of the period covered by this report), management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, concluded that, at the end of such period, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and provided reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our periodic SEC filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that it will detect or uncover failures within the Company to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in the Company s periodic reports. 
 
 (b) Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 This annual report does not include a report of management's assessment regarding internal control over financial 
 reporting or an attestation report of the company s registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 
 
 (c) Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 
 There has not been any change in our internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during our fourth fiscal quarter of 2023 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 During the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2023, none of our directors or executive officers or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement . 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 145 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by Item 12 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 

146 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15: Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: (1) Financial Statements Refer to Item 8 starting on page 103 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules None 
 (3) Exhibits 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX Number Description 3.1 
 Declaration of Trust of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(1) to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-272674), filed on June 15, 2023). 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(2) to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-272674), filed on June 15, 2023). 3.3 
 Second Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of the Registrant. 3.4 
 Bylaws of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (b) to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-272674), filed on June 15, 2023). 4.1 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-272674), filed on June 15, 2023). 4.2 
 Form of Subscription Agreement for Seed Capital, dated as of April 27, 2023, by and between the Registrant and GGP Class B-P, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (p) to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-272674), filed on June 15, 2023). 4.3 
 Description of securities 10.1 
 Investment Advisory Agreement by and between the Registrant and GC Advisors LLC, dated April 28, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (g) to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-272674), filed on June 15, 2023). 10.2 
 Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement by and between the Registrant and GC Advisors LLC, dated November 17, 2023. 10.3 
 Administration Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2023, by and between the Registrant and Golub Capital LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (k)(1) to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-272674), filed on June 15, 2023). 10.4 
 Loan Administration and Custodial Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2023, by and between the Registrant and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (j) to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-272674), filed on June 15, 2023). 10.5 
 Trademark License Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2023, by and between Golub Capital LLC and the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (k)(7) to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-272674), filed on June 15, 2023). 10.6 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan of the Registrant, dated April 4, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (e) to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-272674), filed on June 15, 2023). 10.7 
 Manager Dealer Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2023, by and between the Registrant and Arete Wealth Management, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (h)(1) to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-272674), filed on June 15, 2023). 10.8 
 Form of Selected Dealer Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (h)(2) to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-272674), filed on June 15, 2023). 10.9 
 Distribution and Servicing Plan of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (h)(3) to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-272674), filed on June 15, 2023). 10.10 
 Form of Escrow Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (k)(2) to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-272674), filed on June 30, 2023). 
 147 

Number Description 10.11 
 Services Agreement and Master Agreement by and between the Registrant and SS C GIDS, Inc., dated May 5, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (k)(3) to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-272674), filed on June 15, 2023). 10.12 
 Multi-Class Plan of the Registrant, dated April 4, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (k)(4) to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-272674), filed on June 15, 2023). 10.13 
 Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement by and between the Registrant and the Investment Adviser, dated April 28, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (k)(5) to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-272674), filed on June 15, 2023). 10.14 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2023, by and among Golub Capital Private Credit Fund, GCP HS Fund, GCP CLO Holdings Sub LP and GC Advisors LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01555), filed on July 6, 2023). 10.15 
 Syndicated Corporate Revolving Credit Facility, dated as of June 8, 2023, by and among GCP SG Warehouse 2022-1, as borrower, the Lenders party thereto from time to time, the Subordinated Noteholders party thereto from time to time, Soci t G n rale, as administrative agent, and Wilmington Trust, National Association as collateral agent, collateral administrator, custodian and collateral custodian. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01555), filed on July 6, 2023). 10.16 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2023, by and among GCP SG Warehouse 2022-1, as borrower, Soci t G n rale, as administrative agent, the Lenders and the Subordinated Noteholders party thereto from time to time, and Wilmington Trust, National Association as collateral agent, collateral administrator, custodian and collateral custodian. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01555), filed on July 6, 2023). 10.17 
 Amended and Restated Collateral Management Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2023, by and among GCP SG Warehouse 2022-1, as borrower, and GC Advisors LLC, as collateral manager. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01555), filed on July 6, 2023). 10.18 
 Revolving Loan Agreement, dated as of July 3, 2023, by and among Golub Capital Private Credit Fund, as the borrower, and GC Advisors LLC, as the lender. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01555), filed on July 6, 2023). 10.19 
 Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of September 6, 2023, by and among Golub Capital Private Credit Fund, as borrower, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as administrative agent and as collateral agent, and the lenders and issuing banks from time to time party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01555), filed on September 12, 2023). 10.20 
 Indenture, dated as of September 21, 2023, by and between Golub Capital Private Credit Fund CLO, as Issuer, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01555), filed on September 26, 2023). 10.21 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2023, by and between Golub Capital Private Credit Fund CLO, as Issuer and SG Americas Securities, LLC as Initial Purchaser. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01555), filed on September 26, 2023). 10.22 
 Collateral Management Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2023, by and between Golub Capital Private Credit Fund CLO, as Issuer and GC Advisors LLC, as Collateral Manager. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01555), filed on September 26, 2023). 10.23 
 Master Loan Sale Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2023, by and among Golub Capital Private Credit Fund, as the Seller, Golub Capital Private Credit Fund CLO Depositor, as Intermediate Seller and Golub Capital Private Credit Fund CLO, as Buyer. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01555), filed on September 26, 2023). 
 148 

Number Description 14.1 
 Code of Ethics of the Registrant and GC Advisors. 14.2 
 Code of Ethics of GC Advisors LLC. 21.1 
 List of subsidiaries. 24.1 
 Power of attorney (included on the signature page hereto). 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 99.1 
 Privacy Policy of the Registrant. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 _________________ 
 Filed herewith 
 
 149 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Golub Capital Private Credit Fund Date: November 22, 2023 By: /s/ David B. Golub Name: David B. Golub Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints David B. Golub and Christopher C. Ericson as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, each with full power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact or their substitute or substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ David B. Golub Chief Executive Officer November 22, 2023 David B. Golub (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Christopher C. Ericson Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer November 22, 2023 Christopher C. Ericson (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ John T. Baily Trustee November 22, 2023 John T. Baily /s/ Kenneth F. Bernstein Trustee November 22, 2023 Kenneth F. Bernstein /s/ Lofton P. Holder Trustee November 22, 2023 Lofton P. Holder /s/ Anita J. Rival Trustee November 22, 2023 Anita J. Rival /s/ William M. Webster IV Trustee November 22, 2023 William M. Webster IV 
 
 150 

<EX-3.3>
 2
 gcred-fy2310kexhibit33.htm
 EX-3.3

Document 
 Exhibit 3.3 

 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED DECLARATION OF TRUST OF GOLUB CAPITAL PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 
 DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 17, 2023 
 ARTICLE 1 ARTICLE 1 NAME DEFINITIONS 
 Section 1.1 Name . The name of the statutory trust is Golub Capital Private Credit Fund (the Company ). So far as may be practicable, the business of the Company shall be conducted and transacted under that name, which name (and the word Company whenever used in this Second Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust (the Declaration of Trust ), except where the context otherwise requires) shall refer to the Board of Trustees (as defined herein) collectively but not individually or personally and shall not refer to the Shareholders or to any officers, employees or agents of the Company or of such Trustees. Under circumstances in which the Trustees determine that the use of the name Golub Capital Private Credit Fund is not practicable, they may use any other designation or name for the Company, subject to applicable law. Any name change shall become effective upon the execution by a majority of the then Trustees of an instrument setting forth the new name and the filing of a certificate of amendment pursuant to Section 3810(b) of the Statutory Trust Act (as defined below). Any such instrument shall not require the approval of the Shareholders, but shall have the status of an amendment to this Declaration of Trust. 
 Section 1.2 Definitions . As used in this Declaration of Trust, the following terms shall have the following meanings unless the context otherwise requires 
 1940 Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Acquisition Expenses means expenses, including but not limited to legal fees and expenses, travel and communication expenses, costs regarding determination of creditworthiness and due diligence on prospective portfolio holding companies, non-refundable option payments on assets not acquired, accounting fees and expenses, and miscellaneous expenses relating to the purchase or acquisition of assets, whether or not acquired. 
 Acquisition Fees means any and all fees and commissions, exclusive of Acquisition Expenses, paid by any Person to any other Person (including any fees or commissions paid by or to any Affiliate of the Company or the Adviser) in connection with the initial purchase or acquisition of assets by the Company. Included in the computation of such fees or commissions shall be any commission, selection fee, supervision fee, financing fee, non-recurring management fee or any fee of a similar nature, however designated. 
 Administrator means Golub Capital LLC, any Person to whom the Administrator subcontracts any and all such services and any successor to an Administrator who enters into an administrative services agreement with the Company or who subcontracts with a successor Administrator. 
 Adviser means GC Advisors LLC or an affiliated successor in interest thereto, any Person to whom the Adviser subcontracts any and all such services pursuant to a sub-advisory agreement and any successor to an Adviser who enters into an Advisory Agreement with the Company or who subcontracts with a successor Adviser. If the Adviser no longer serves as the investment adviser to the Company, the rights of the Adviser in this Declaration of Trust will become the rights of the Trustees. 
 Advisory Agreement means that certain investment advisory agreement between the Company and the Adviser named therein pursuant to which the Adviser will act as the adviser to the Company and provide investment advisory, investment management and other specified services to the Company, including any sub-advisory agreement. 
 1 

Affiliate or Affiliated means (subject to the limits under the 1940 Act or an exemptive order from the SEC, as each may be applicable) with respect to any specified Person 
 (a) any other Person directly or indirectly owning, controlling or holding, with the power to vote, ten percent (10 or more of the outstanding voting securities of such specified Person 
 (b) any other Person ten percent (10 or more of whose outstanding voting securities are directly or indirectly owned, controlled or held, with the power to vote, by such specified Person 
 (c) any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such specified Person 
 (d) any officer, director, trustee, partner, copartner or employee of such specified Person 
 (e) any legal entity on which such Person acts as an executive officer, director, trustee, or partner and 
 (f) if such specified Person is an investment company, any investment adviser thereof or any member of an advisory board thereof. 
 Assessment means an additional amount of capital that may be mandatorily required of, or paid voluntarily by, a Shareholder beyond his or her subscription commitment excluding deferred payments. 
 Benefit Plan Investor means a benefit plan investor as defined in the Plan Asset Regulations. 
 Bylaws means the bylaws of the Company, as the same are in effect and may be amended from time to time. 
 Capital Contribution means the total investment, including the original investment and amounts reinvested pursuant to a distribution reinvestment plan in a program by a participant, or by all participants, as the case may be. Unless otherwise specified, Capital Contributions shall be deemed to include principal amounts to be received on account of deferred payments. 
 Cash Available for Distribution means Cash Flow plus cash funds available for distribution from Company reserves less amounts set aside for restoration or creation of reserves. 
 Cash Flow means Company cash funds provided from operations, without deduction for depreciation, but after deducting cash funds used to pay all other expenses, debt payments, capital improvements and replacements. Cash withdrawn from reserves is not Cash Flow. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, or any successor statute thereto. Reference to any provision of the Code shall mean such provision as in effect from time to time, as the same may be amended, and any successor provision thereto, as interpreted by any applicable regulations as in effect from time to time. 
 Common Shares means the common Shares, par value 0.01 per share, of the Company that may be issued from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Declaration of Trust and applicable law, as described in Article V hereof, including any class or series of Common Shares. 
 Computershare Delaware means as defined in Section 3.1 hereof. 
 Controlling Person means (subject to the limits under the 1940 Act or an exemptive order from the SEC, as each may be applicable), all Persons, whatever their titles, who perform functions for the Sponsor similar to those of (a) chairman or member of the board of directors (b) executive officers and (c) those holding ten percent or more equity interest in the Sponsor or a Person having the power to direct or cause the direction of the Sponsor, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise. 
 2 

Covered Securit y means as set forth in the Securities Act. 
 Delaware Trustee means as defined in Section 3.1 hereof and includes any successor Delaware Trustees appointed in accordance with Section 3.2 , but that any reference to Trustee or Board of Trustees in this Declaration of Trust and the Bylaws of the Company shall not be deemed to include or refer to the Delaware Trustee. 
 Delaware Trustee Indemnified Persons means as defined in Section 3.3 hereof. 
 DGCL means Delaware General Corporation Law, 8 Del. C. 100, et. seq., as amended from time to time, or any successor statute thereto. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
 ERISA Controlling Person means a Person (other than a Benefit Plan Investor) who has discretionary authority or control with respect to the assets of the Company or who provides investment advice for a fee (direct or indirect) with respect to such assets, or any affiliate of such a Person within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. 2510.3-101(f)(3). 
 Exchan g e Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Expenses means as defined in Section 3.3 hereof. 
 Front End Fees means fees and expenses paid by any party for any services rendered to organize the Company and to acquire assets for the Company, including Organization and Offering Expenses, Acquisition Fees, Acquisition Expenses, and any other similar fees, however designated by the Board. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect in the United States of America from time to time or such other accounting basis mandated by the SEC. 
 Independent Expert means a Person with no material current or prior business or personal relationship with the Sponsor, who is engaged to a substantial extent in the business of rendering opinions regarding the value of assets of the type held by the Company, and who is qualified to perform such work. 
 Independent Trustee means a Trustee who is not an Interested Person. 
 Indemnitees means as defined in Section 7.3 hereof. 
 Interested Person means a Person who is an interested person as that term is defined under Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. 
 Investment In Pro g ram Assets means the amount of Capital Contributions actually paid or allocated to the purchase or development of assets acquired by the program (including working capital reserves allocable thereto, except that working capital reserves in excess of three percent shall not be included) and other cash payments such as interest and taxes, but excluding Front End Fees. 
 Liability and Losses means as defined in Section 7.3 hereof. 
 Liquidity Event means a Listing or any merger, reorganization, business combination, share exchange, acquisition by any Person or related group of Persons of beneficial ownership of all or substantially all of the Shares of the Company in one or more related transactions, or similar transaction involving the Company pursuant to which the Shareholders receive for their Shares, as full or partial consideration, cash, Listed or non-Listed equity Securities or combination thereof (a) a Listing (b) a sale or merger in a transaction that provides Shareholders with cash and or securities of a publicly traded 
 3 

company or (c) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company for cash or other consideration. 
 Listin g means the listing of the Common Shares (or any successor thereof) on a national securities exchange or national securities association registered with the SEC or the receipt by the Shareholders of Securities that are approved for trading on a national securities exchange or national securities association registered with the SEC in exchange for the Common Shares. The term Listed shall have the correlative meaning. With regard to the Common Shares, upon commencement of trading of the Common Shares on a national securities exchange or national securities association registered with the SEC, the Common Shares shall be deemed Listed. 
 Net Worth means the excess of total assets over total liabilities as determined by GAAP. 
 Omnibus Guidelines means the Omnibus Guidelines Statement of Policy adopted by the North American Securities Administrators Association on March 29, 1992 and as amended on May 7, 2007 and from time to time. 
 Organization and Offering Expenses means any and all costs and expenses incurred by and to be paid from the assets of the Company in connection with and in preparing for the formation, qualification and registration of the Company, and the marketing and distribution of shares, including, without limitation, total underwriting and brokerage discounts and commissions (including fees of the underwriters attorneys), expenses for printing, engraving, amending, supplementing, mailing and distributing costs, salaries of employees while engaged in sales activity, telephone and other telecommunications costs, all advertising and marketing expenses (including the costs related to investor and broker-dealer sales meetings), charges of transfer agents, registrars, trustees, escrow agents or holders, depositories, experts, fees, expenses and taxes related to the filing, registration and qualification of the sale of the shares under federal and state laws, including taxes and fees and accountants and attorneys fees. 
 Person means an individual, corporation, partnership, estate, trust joint venture, limited liability company or other entity or association. 
 Plan Asset Re g ulation means 29 C.F.R. 2510.3-101, as modified by section 3(42) of ERISA. 
 Publicl y Offered Securities means publicly offered securities as defined in 29 C.F.R. 2510.3-101(b)(2) or any successor regulation thereto. 
 Roll-Up Entit y means a partnership, trust, corporation, or similar entity that would be created or would survive after the successful completion of a proposed Roll-Up Transaction. 
 Roll-Up Transaction means a transaction involving the acquisition, merger, conversion or consolidation either directly or indirectly of the Company and the issuance of securities of a Roll-Up Entity to the Shareholders. Such term does not include 
 (g) (a) a transaction involving Securities of the Company that have been Listed for at least twelve (12) months or 
 (h) (b) a transaction involving the conversion to another corporate form or to a trust or association form of only the Company, if, as a consequence of the transaction, there will be no significant adverse change in any of the following 
 (i) Shareholders voting rights 
 (ii) the term of existence of the Company 
 (iii) Adviser compensation or 
 4 

(iv) the Company s investment objective. 
 SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 Securities means Common Shares, any other Shares or other evidences of equity or beneficial or other interests, voting trust certificates, bonds, debentures, notes or other evidences of indebtedness, secured or unsecured, convertible, subordinated or otherwise, or in general any instruments commonly known as securities or any certificates of interest, shares or participations in, temporary or interim certificates for, receipts for, guarantees of, or warrants, options or rights to subscribe to, purchase or acquire, any of the foregoing if and only if any such item is treated as a security under the Exchange Act, or applicable state securities laws. 
 Shareholders means the registered holders of the Company s Shares. 
 Shares means the unit of beneficial interest in the trust estate of the Company. 
 Specified Asset Program means a program where, at the time a securities registration is ordered effective, at least 75 of the net proceeds from the sale of program interests are allocable to the purchase, construction, renovation, or improvement of individually identified assets or assets that provide a reasonably objective basis in conformity with the Guidelines of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants to allow the issuance of prospective financial statements. Reserves shall not be included in the 75 calculation. 
 Sponsor means any Person directly or indirectly instrumental in organizing, wholly or in part, a program or any Person who will control, manage or participate in the management of a program, and any affiliate of such Person. Not included is any Person whose only relation with the program is that of an independent manager of a portion of program assets, and whose only compensation is as such. Sponsor does not include wholly independent third parties such as attorneys, accountants, and underwriters whose only compensation is for professional services rendered in connection with the offering of program interests. A Person may also be deemed a Sponsor of the program by 
 (a) taking the initiative, directly or indirectly, in founding or organizing the business or enterprise of the program, either alone or in conjunction with one or more other Persons 
 (b) receiving a material participation in the program in connection with the founding or organizing of the business of the program, in consideration of services or property, or both services and property 
 (c) having a substantial number of relationships and contacts with the program 
 (d) possessing significant rights to control program properties 
 (e) receiving fees for providing services to the program which are paid on a basis that is not customary in the industry or 
 (f) providing goods or services to the program on a basis which was not negotiated at arm s length with the program. 
 Statutory Trust Act means Chapter 38 of Title 12 of the Delaware Code, 12 Del. C. 3801, et seq., as such act may be amended from time to time. 
 Trustees , Board of Trustees or Board means, collectively, the individuals named in Section 4.1 of this Declaration of Trust so long as they continue in office and all other individuals who have been duly elected and qualify as Trustees of the Company hereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, any 
 5 

references to Trustee or Board of Trustee or Board in this Declaration of Trust and the Bylaws of the Company shall not be deemed to include or refer to the Delaware Trustee . 
 ARTICLE II NATURE AND PURPOSE 
 The Company is a Delaware statutory trust within the meaning of the Statutory Trust Act, existing pursuant to this Declaration of Trust and the Company s certificate of trust filed with the Delaware Secretary of State s office on May 13, 2022 (which filing is hereby ratified), each as may be amended or amended and restated from time to time. 
 The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which statutory trusts may be organized under the Statutory Trust Act as now or hereafter in force, including to conduct, operate and carry on the business of a non-diversified closed-end investment company operating as a business development company, as such terms are defined in the 1940 Act, subject to making an election therefor under the 1940 Act, and to carry on such other business as the Trustees may from time to time determine pursuant to their authority under this Declaration of Trust. In furtherance of the foregoing, it shall be the purpose of the Company to do everything necessary, suitable, convenient or proper for the conduct, promotion and attainment of any businesses and purposes which at any time may be incidental or may appear conducive or expedient for the accomplishment of the business of a business development company regulated under the 1940 Act and which may be engaged in or carried on by a statutory trust organized under the Statutory Trust Act, and in connection therewith the Company shall have the power and authority to engage in the foregoing and may exercise all of the powers conferred by the laws of the State of Delaware upon a Delaware statutory trust. The Company may not, without the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities, as such term is defined under Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act, of the Company entitled to vote on the matter, change the nature of the Company s business so that the Company ceases to be, or withdraws the Company s election to be, treated as a business development company under the 1940 Act. 
 Legal title to all of the assets of the Company shall be vested in the Company as a separate legal entity except that the Trustees shall have power to cause legal title to any assets of the Company to be held in the name of any other Person as nominee, custodian or pledgee, on such terms as the Trustees may determine provided , that such arrangement is permitted by the 1940 Act and the interest of the Company therein is appropriately protected. 
 ARTICLE III DELAWARE TRUSTEE 
 Section 3.1. Appointment. Pursuant to Section 3807 of the Statutory Trust Act, the trustee of the Company in the State of Delaware shall be Computershare Delaware Trust Company, a Delaware limited purpose trust company Computershare Delaware and in such capacity as the trustee of the Company in the State of Delaware, and together with its successors and assigns, the Delaware Trustee ). The address of the principal office of Computershare Delaware is 919 North Market Street, Suite 1600, Wilmington, Delaware 19801. 
 Section 3.2. Concerning the Delaware Trustee. 
 (a) The Delaware Trustee is appointed to serve as the trustee of the Company in the State of Delaware for the sole purpose of satisfying the requirement pursuant to Section 3807(a) of the Statutory Trust Act that the Company have at least one trustee which has its principal place of business in the State of Delaware. The Company shall have at least one other trustee (other than the Delaware Trustee) to perform all obligations and duties other than fulfilling the Company s obligations pursuant to Section 3807(a) of the Statutory Trust Act. 
 (b) The duties of the Delaware Trustee shall be limited to (i) accepting legal process served on the Company in the State of Delaware and (ii) the execution of any certificates required to be filed with the Delaware Secretary of State which the Delaware Trustee is required to execute under Section 3811 of the Statutory Trust Act. Except for the purpose of the foregoing sentence, the Delaware Trustee shall not be deemed a trustee, shall not be a member of the Board of Trustees and shall have no 
 6 

management responsibilities or owe any fiduciary duties to the Company or the Shareholders, and shall have none of the duties, obligations or liabilities of any other Person, including, without limitation, the Trustees. The Delaware Trustee shall not have any duty or liability with respect to the management or administration of the Company, the investment of the Company s property or the payment of dividends or other distributions of income or principal to the Company s beneficiaries. No implied obligations or duties (including fiduciary duties) shall be inferred from this Declaration of Trust on the part of the Delaware Trustee. To the extent that, at law or in equity, the Delaware Trustee has duties (including fiduciary duties) and liabilities relating thereto to the Company or the Shareholders, it is hereby understood and agreed by the other parties hereto that such duties and liabilities are replaced by the duties and liabilities of the Delaware Trustee expressly set forth in this Declaration of Trust. The Delaware Trustee shall have no liability for the acts or omissions of any other Person, including, without limitation, the Trustees and the Adviser. 
 (c) At any time, including for the purpose of meeting any legal requirements of any jurisdiction in which any trust assets may at the time be located or for enforcement actions or conflict of interest matters, the Trustees shall have the power and shall execute and deliver all instruments to appoint one or more Persons to act as co-trustee or separate trustee or separate trustees, of all or any part of the trust assets, and to vest in such Person, in such capacity, such title to the trust assets, or any part thereof, and, subject to the other provisions of this Section, such powers, duties, obligations, rights and trusts as the Trustees may consider necessary or desirable. No co-trustee or separate trustee under this Declaration of Trust shall be required to meet the terms of eligibility as a trustee pursuant to Section 5(a). Each separate trustee and co-trustee shall, to the extent permitted by law, be appointed and act subject to the following pro-vision and conditions 
 i. all rights, powers, duties and obligations conferred upon a separate trustee or co-trustee shall be exercised and performed singly by such separate trustee or co-trustee 
 ii. no trustee under this Declaration of Trust shall be personally liable by reason of the appointment or any act or omission of any other trustee under this Declaration of Trust and no trustee under this Declaration of Trust will have any duty to monitor any such other trustee 
 iii. no separate trustee or co-trustee shall be an agent of the Delaware Trustee, unless agreed to in writing by the Delaware Trustee and 
 iv. the Trustees may at any time accept the resignation of, or remove any, such separate trustee or co-trustee appointed hereunder. 
 (d) The Delaware Trustee may be removed by the Trustees upon 30 days prior written notice to the Delaware Trustee. The Delaware Trustee may resign upon 30 days prior written notice to the Trustees. No resignation or removal of the Delaware Trustee shall be effective except upon the appointment of a successor Delaware Trustee appointed by the Trustees or a court of competent jurisdiction. If no successor Delaware Trustee has been appointed within such 30-day period, the Delaware Trustee may, at the expense of the Company, petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint a successor Delaware Trustee. 
 (e) Any Person into which the Delaware Trustee may be merged or with which it may be consolidated, or any Person resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Delaware Trustee shall be a party, or any Person which succeeds to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Delaware Trustee, shall be the successor Delaware Trustee under this Declaration of Trust without the execution, delivery or filing of any paper or instrument or further act to be done on the part of the parties hereto, except as may be required by applicable law, provided such successor satisfies the provisions of Section 3807(a) of the Statutory Trust Act and otherwise meets the eligibility requirements for the Delaware Trustee under this Declaration of Trust. The Delaware Trustee shall give prompt written notice of any merger or consolidation to the Trustees and the Company. 
 (f) The recitals contained herein shall be taken as the statements of the Administrator, the Trustees and the Advisor and the Delaware Trustee does not assume any personal 
 7 

responsibility for the correctness thereof other than with respect to the formation of the Company and the filing of the certificate of trust of the Company. 
 (g) Notwithstanding the provision of such filings, the Delaware Trustee shall not have any responsibility or liability (i) for the preparation, filing in any public office at any time, correctness or accuracy of any financing or continuation statement, (ii) to otherwise create, perfect or maintain the perfection, existence or validity of any security interest or lien granted to it, the Company or any other Person hereunder or under any other agreement, (iii) to ensure that the Company has a valid or enforceable interest in any collateral, or (iv) to monitor the status of any lien or the performance of any collateral of the Company. 
 (h) The Delaware Trustee shall not incur any liability if, by reason of any provision of any present or future law or of any regulation thereunder, or by any force majeure event, including, but not limited to, acts of God, flood, natural disaster, war (whether declared or undeclared), terrorism, fire, riot, disease, epidemic or pandemic, quarantine, shelter-in-place or similar directive, national emergency, guidance, policy or other action by any governmental authority, civil unrest, strikes or work stoppages for any reason, embargo, the failure of equipment or interruption of communications or computer facilities, utility failure, computer hardware or software failure, malware or ransomware attack, unavailability of the Federal Reserve Bank wire or telex system or other applicable wire or funds transfer system, unavailability of any securities clearing system or other circumstances beyond the Delaware Trustee s reasonable control, the Delaware Trustee shall be prevented or forbidden from doing or performing any act or thing which the terms of this Declaration of Trust provide shall or may be done or performed, or by reason of any exercise of, or failure to exercise, any discretion provided for in this Declaration of Trust. 
 (i) The Delaware Trustee shall be entitled to all of the same rights, protections, indemnities and immunities under this Declaration of Trust and with respect to the Company and the Shareholders as the Trustees. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Declaration of Trust which adversely affects the Delaware Trustee shall be effective against it without its prior written consent. 
 (j) The Delaware Trustee shall not be liable for supervising or monitoring the performance and the duties and obligations of any other Person, including, without limitation, the Trustees, the Administrator or the Adviser or the Company under this Declaration of Trust or any related document, and the Delaware Trustee may assume performance of such Persons absent written notice or actual knowledge of an Authorized Officer to the contrary. 
 (k) The Delaware Trustee shall not be personally liable under any circumstances, except for its own willful misconduct or gross negligence (as conclusively determined by a court of competent jurisdiction). In particular, but not by way of limitation (i) the Delaware Trustee shall not be personally liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by any officer or employee of the Delaware Trustee (ii) except with respect to liabilities arising from the Delaware Trustee s own willful misconduct or gross negligence (as conclusively determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), as such liabilities may be further limited by other provisions of this Declaration of Trust, no provision of this Declaration of Trust shall require the Delaware Trustee to expend or risk its personal funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of its rights or duties hereunder if the Delaware Trustee shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds, or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability, is not reasonably assured or provided to it (iii) under no circumstances shall the Delaware Trustee be personally liable for any representation, warranty, covenant or indebtedness of the Company (iv) the Delaware Trustee shall not be personally responsible for or in respect of the genuineness, form or value of the Company property, the validity or sufficiency of this Declaration of Trust, or for the due execution hereof by any other party hereto (v) in the event that the Delaware Trustee is unsure as to the course of action to be taken by it hereunder, the Delaware Trustee may request instructions from the Trust acting through the Trustees and to the extent the Delaware Trustee follows such instructions in good faith it shall not be liable to any person in the event that no instructions are provided within the time requested by the Delaware Trustee, it shall have no duty or liability for its failure to take any action or for any action it takes in good faith (vi) any written instructions, notwithstanding any error in the transmission thereof or that such instructions may not be genuine, shall, as against the Trustees and the Company, and in favor of the Delaware Trustee, be conclusively deemed to be valid instructions from the Trustees to the Delaware Trustee for the purposes of this Declaration of Trust, if reasonably believed by the Delaware 
 8 

Trustee to be genuine and signed by the proper party or parties and if not otherwise insufficient on the face of such written instructions, provided , however , that the Delaware Trustee may in its discretion decline to act upon any instructions where they are not received by the Delaware Trustee in sufficient time for the Delaware Trustee to act upon or in accordance with such instructions, or where the Delaware Trustee has reasonable grounds for concluding that the same have not been accurately transmitted or are not genuine if the Delaware Trustee declines to act upon any instructions for any reason set out in the preceding sentence, it shall notify the Trustees forthwith after it so declines (vii) the Delaware Trustee agrees to perform only such duties hereunder with respect to the Company as are expressly required to be performed by the Delaware Trustee, as set forth in this Declaration of Trust the right of the Delaware Trustee to perform any discretionary act shall not be construed as a duty (viii) the Delaware Trustee shall not be required to take any action if the Delaware Trustee shall determine, or shall be advised by counsel, that such action is likely to result in personal liability or is contrary to applicable law or any agreement to which the Delaware Trustee is a party and (ix) to the extent that, at law or in equity, the Delaware Trustee has duties and liabilities relating thereto to the Trustees or the Company, the Trustees agree that such duties and liabilities are replaced by the terms of this Declaration of Trust. The Delaware Trustee shall incur no liability to anyone in acting upon any documents that are reasonably believed by it to be genuine and signed by the proper party or parties and not otherwise insufficient on the face of such documents. The Delaware Trustee may accept a certified copy of a resolution of the board of directors or other governing body of any corporate party as conclusive evidence that such resolution has been duly adopted by such body and that the same is in full force and effect. As to any fact or matter the manner of ascertainment of which is not specifically prescribed herein, the Delaware Trustee may for all purposes hereof conclusively rely on a certificate, signed by a Trustee or any officer of the Company, as to such fact or matter, and such certificate shall constitute full protection to the Delaware Trustee for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in reliance thereon. In the exercise or administration of the Company hereunder, the Delaware Trustee may, at the expense of the Company, consult with counsel, accountants and other experts, and shall not be liable for anything done, suffered or omitted in good faith by it in accordance with the advice or opinion of any such counsel, accountants or other experts. In accepting and performing its duties and obligations in connection with the Company, the Delaware Trustee acts solely as Delaware Trustee hereunder and not in its individual capacity, and all persons having any claim against the Delaware Trustee by reason of the transactions contemplated by this Declaration of Trust shall look only to the Company property for payment or satisfaction thereof. In no event shall the Delaware Trustee be liable for acting in accordance with written instructions from a Trustee or an officer of the Company. In no event shall the Delaware Trustee be liable for special, consequential, indirect or punitive damages of any kind (including, among other things, lost profits), even if it has been advised of the likelihood of such damages. The Delaware Trustee shall not be charged with knowledge held by or imputed to any other Person, and shall not have any requirement to act upon, any default, event, information or condition, unless an Authorized Officer responsible for administering this Declaration of Trust actually has such knowledge or has written notice of the same, and the Delaware Trustee shall not have any duty or obligation to take any action to determine whether any default, event of default or event has occurred or is continuing. Receipt by the Delaware Trustee of any report or other information delivered or otherwise made available to it pursuant to the terms of this Declaration of Trust or of any other information that is publicly available shall not be deemed to constitute its either actual or constructive knowledge of such information, unless an Authorized Officer of the Delaware Trustee actually receives such report or other information and the Delaware Trustee (i) is expressly required under the terms of this Declaration of Trust to use such report or other information to perform its express duties under this Declaration of Trust or (ii) determines that the review of such report or other information is necessary to perform its express duties under this Declaration of Trust. The Delaware Trustee may conclusively rely upon any opinion, certificate, report, document or information provided to it hereunder, shall have no responsibility for the content or accuracy of any such opinion, certificate, report, document or information, and shall have no duty to recompile, recalculate, certify or otherwise verify the accuracy of such information. For purposes herein, Authorized Officer shall mean, with respect to the Delaware Trustee, any managing director, director vice president, assistant vice president, assistant secretary, assistant treasurer, trust officer or any other officer thereof customarily performing functions similar to those performed by any of the above designated officers and also means, with respect to a particular corporate trust matter, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because of his knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and having direct responsibility for the administration of the Company or this Declaration of Trust. 
 9 

(l) In the event of the appointment of a successor Delaware Trustee, such successor shall cause an amendment to the certificate of trust of the Company to be filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware in accordance with Section 3810 of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act, indicating the change of the Delaware Trustee s identity. 
 (m) The provisions of this Section 3.2 shall survive the termination or assignment of this Declaration of Trust and the resignation or removal of the Delaware Trustee. 
 Section 3.3. Compensation and Reimbursement of Expenses Indemnity. The Company hereby agrees (i) that the Delaware Trustee will be compensated in accordance with a separate fee agreement with the Delaware Trustee, (ii) that the Company shall reimburse the Delaware Trustee for all reasonable expenses (including reasonable fees and expenses of counsel and other experts) and (iii) without prejudice to any other separate indemnity agreement in favor of a Delaware Trustee Indemnified Person, the Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Computershare Delaware and the Delaware Trustee and any of the officers, directors, shareholders, employees, representatives, and agents of Computershare Delaware and the Delaware Trustee (collectively, the Delaware Trustee Indemnified Persons from and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, claims, actions, suits, costs, expenses (including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel), disbursements, taxes (excluding any taxes payable by Computershare Delaware on or measured by any compensation received by Computershare Delaware for its services as Delaware Trustee), or penalties of any kind and nature whatsoever (collectively, Expenses ), including, without limitation, any reasonable legal fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with any enforcement (including any action, claim or suit brought) by any Delaware Trustee Indemnified Person of any indemnification or other obligation of the indemnifying party hereunder, that arise out of or are imposed upon or asserted at any time against such Delaware Trustee Indemnified Person with respect to the performance of this Declaration of Trust, the creation, operation or termination of the Company, or the transactions contemplated hereby provided , however , that the Company shall not be required to indemnify any Delaware Trustee Indemnified Person for any Expenses which are a result of the willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence of such Delaware Trustee Indemnified Person (in each case, as conclusively determined by a court of competent jurisdiction). The Trustees hereby agree that it shall cause the Company to satisfy the Company s indemnification obligations owed to the Delaware Trustee hereunder. The provisions of this Section 3.3 shall survive the termination or assignment of this Declaration of Trust and the resignation or removal of the Delaware Trustee. 
 ARTICLE IV PROVISIONS FOR DEFINING, LIMITING AND REGULATING CERTAIN POWERS OF THE COMPANY AND OF THE SHAREHOLDERS AND TRUSTEES 
 Section 4.1 Number of Trustees. The business and affairs of the Company shall be managed under the direction of the Board of Trustees (not including the Delaware Trustee). The Board of Trustees shall have full, exclusive and absolute power, control and authority over the Company s assets and over the business of the Company to the same extent as a board of directors of a Delaware corporation. The Board of Trustees may take any actions as in its sole judgment and discretion are necessary or desirable to conduct the business of the Company. Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Declaration of Trust and the Bylaws, each Trustee and officer of the Company shall have duties including fiduciary duties (and liability therefore) identical to those of directors and officers of a private corporation for profit organized under the DGCL and shall not have any other duties, including any fiduciary duties, except for fiduciary duties identical to those of directors and officers of a private corporation for profit organized under the DGCL. The number of Trustees of the Company is seven (7), which number may be increased or decreased from time to time only by the Trustees pursuant to the Bylaws, but shall never be less than three (3), except for a period of up to sixty (60) days after the death, removal or resignation of a Trustee pending the election of such Trustee s successor. The names of the initial Trustees are as follows David B. Golub, John T. Baily, Kenneth F. Bernstein, Lofton P. Holder, Anita J. Rival, William M. Webster IV, and Christopher C. Ericson. 
 A majority of the Board of Trustees shall be Independent Trustees, except for a period of up to sixty (60) days or such longer period permitted by law, after the death, removal or resignation of an 
 10 

Independent Trustee pending the election of such Independent Trustee s successor by the remaining Trustees. 
 Subject to applicable requirements of the 1940 Act, in order that any and all vacancies on the Board may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining Trustees in office, even if the remaining Trustees do not constitute a quorum, and any Trustee elected to fill a vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the trusteeship in which such vacancy occurred and until a successor is duly elected and qualified. There shall be no cumulative voting in the election or removal of Trustees. Trustees shall be elected by a plurality of votes. 
 Section 4.2 Classes of Trustees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, effective upon and following the occurrence of a Listing of any class of the Company s Shares, if any the Board of Trustees shall be divided into three classes, designated Class I, Class II and Class III, as nearly equal in number as possible, and the term of office of Trustees of one class shall expire at each annual meeting of Shareholders, and in all cases as to each Trustee such term shall extend until his or her successor shall be elected and shall qualify or until his or earlier resignation, removal from office, death or incapacity. Additional trusteeships resulting from an increase in number of Trustees shall be apportioned among the classes as equally as possible. The initial term of office of Trustees of Class I shall expire at the Company s next annual meeting of Shareholders the initial term of office of Trustees of Class II shall expire at the Company s second annual meeting of Shareholders following the occurrence of a Listing of any class of the Company s Shares, if any and the initial term of office of Trustees of Class III shall expire at the Company s third annual meeting of Shareholders following the occurrence of a Listing of any class of the Company s Shares, if any. Following such initial terms, at each annual meeting of Shareholders, a number of Trustees equal to the number of Trustee of the class whose term expires at the time of such meeting (or, if less, the number of Trustee properly nominated and qualified for election) shall be elected to hold office until the third succeeding annual meeting of Shareholders after their election. Each Trustee may be reelected to an unlimited number of succeeding terms in accordance with these provisions. 
 If the Board of Trustees is classified, at each annual election, Trustees chosen to succeed those whose terms then expire shall be of the same class as the Trustees they succeed, unless by reason of any intervening changes in the authorized number of Trustees, the Board of Trustees shall designate one or more trusteeships whose term then expires as trusteeships of another class in order to more nearly achieve equality of number of Trustees among the classes. 
 Notwithstanding the rule that the three classes shall be as nearly equal in number of Trustees as possible, in the event of any change in the authorized number of Trustees, each Trustee then continuing to serve as such shall nevertheless continue as a Trustee of the class of which such Trustee is a member until the expiration of his or her current term, or his or her prior death, resignation or removal. If any newly created trusteeship may, consistently with the rule that the three classes shall be as nearly equal in number of Trustees as possible, be allocated to any class, the Board of Trustees shall allocate it to that of the available class whose term of office is due to expire at the earliest date following such allocation. 
 The voting procedures and the number of votes required to elect a Trustee shall be as set forth in the Bylaws, which may be amended by the Board. 
 Section 4.3 Shareholder Voting. Except as provided in Article II , Section 4.9 , Section 6.2 , Section 6.3 , Section 10.2 , and Section 11.1 of this Declaration of Trust, notwithstanding any provision of law permitting any particular action to be approved by the affirmative vote of the Shareholders of the Company entitled to cast a greater number of votes, any such action shall be effective and valid if declared advisable and approved by the Board of Trustees, and approved by a majority of the votes cast at a meeting of Shareholders at which a quorum is present. All Shares of all classes shall vote together as a single class provided , that (a) as to any matter with respect to which a separate vote of any class is required by the 1940 Act or any orders issued thereunder, such requirement as to a separate vote by that class shall apply in lieu of a general vote of all classes (b) in the event that separate voting requirements apply with respect to one or more classes, then subject to subparagraph (c), the Shares of all other classes not entitled to a separate vote shall vote together as a single class and (c) as to any matter which in the judgment of the Board (which judgment shall be conclusive) does not affect the interest of a particular 
 11 

class, such class shall not be entitled to any vote and only the holders of shares of the one or more affected classes shall be entitled to vote. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws to the contrary, for such matters that require the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting Shares of the Company under the 1940 Act, such majority vote shall be determined as set forth in Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act. The provisions of this Section 4.3 shall be subject to the limitations of the 1940 Act and other applicable statutes or regulations. 
 Section 4.4 Quorum. The determination of whether a quorum has been established for a meeting of the Company s Shareholders shall be as set forth in the Bylaws. 
 Section 4.5 Preemptive Rights. Except as may be provided by the Board of Trustees in setting the terms of classified or reclassified Shares or as may otherwise be provided by contract approved by the Board, no Shareholder shall, as such Shareholder, have any preemptive right to purchase or subscribe for any additional Shares of the Company or any other Security of the Company that it may issue or sell. 
 Section 4.6 Appraisal Rights. Except as may be provided by the Board of Trustees in setting the terms of any class or series of Shares, and except in connection with a Roll-Up Transaction as provided in Section 12.1 , no Shareholder shall be entitled to exercise appraisal rights in connection with any transaction. 
 Section 4.7 Determinations by the Board. The determination as to any of the following matters, made in good faith and in accordance with its fiduciary duties by or pursuant to the direction of the Board of Trustees consistent with this Declaration of Trust shall be final and conclusive and shall be binding upon the Company and every Shareholder (i) the amount of the net income of the Company for any period and the amount of assets at any time legally available for the payment of dividends, redemption or repurchase of its Shares or the payment of other distributions on its Shares (ii) the amount of stated capital, capital surplus, net assets, other surplus, annual or other net profit, net assets in excess of capital, undivided profits or excess of profits over losses on sales of assets (iii) the amount, purpose, time of creation, increase or decrease, alteration or cancellation of any reserves or charges and the propriety thereof (whether or not any obligation or liability for which such reserves or charges shall have been created shall have been paid or discharged) (iv) any interpretation of the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers or rights, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications or terms or conditions of redemption of any class or series of Shares of the Company (v) the fair value, or any sale, bid or asked price to be applied in determining the fair value, of any asset owned or held by the Company or any Shares of the Company (vi) any matter relating to the acquisition, holding and disposition of any assets by the Company or (vii) any other matter relating to the business and affairs of the Company or required or permitted by applicable law, this Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws or otherwise to be determined by the Board provided , however , that any determination by the Board as to any of the preceding matters shall not render invalid or improper any action taken or omitted prior to such determination. Nothing in this Section shall be deemed to prevent a Shareholder from bringing an action for breach of trust, either directly or derivatively in accordance with Section 14.3 of this Declaration of Trust. 
 Section 4.8 Sole Discretion Good Faith Corporate Opportunities of Adviser. 
 (a) Reserved. 
 (b) Unless expressly provided otherwise herein or in the Company s offering document (as may be amended from time to time), the Adviser and any Affiliate of the Adviser may engage in or possess an interest in other profit-seeking or business ventures of any nature or description, independently or with others, whether or not such ventures are competitive with the Company and the doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any analogous doctrine. To the extent that the Adviser acquires knowledge of a potential transaction, agreement, arrangement or other matter that may be an opportunity for the Company, it shall not have any duty to communicate or offer such opportunity to the Company, subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and any applicable co-investment order issued by the SEC, and the Adviser shall not be liable to the Company or to the Shareholders for breach of any fiduciary or other duty by reason of the fact that the Adviser pursues 
 12 

or acquires for, or directs such opportunity to, another Person or does not communicate such opportunity or information to the Company. Neither the Company nor any Shareholder shall have any rights or obligations by virtue of this Declaration of Trust or the trust relationship created hereby in or to such independent ventures or the income or profits or losses derived therefrom, and the pursuit of such ventures, even if competitive with the activities of the Company, shall not be deemed wrongful or improper. 
 Section 4.9 Resignation and Removal of Trustees. Any of the Trustees may resign their trusteeship (without need for prior or subsequent accounting) by an instrument in writing signed by such Trustee and delivered or mailed to the Trustees or the Chairman, if any, and such resignation shall be effective upon such delivery, or at a later date according to the terms of the instrument. Any of the Trustees may be removed provided the aggregate number of Trustees after such removal shall not be less than the minimum number required by Section 4.1 hereof) (i) for cause only, and not without cause, and only by an action taken by a majority of the remaining Trustees followed by the holders of at least seventy-five percent (75 of the Shares then entitled to vote in an election of such Trustee or (ii) or upon a vote by the holders of a majority of the then outstanding Shares of the Company entitled to vote on the matter with or without cause, without concurrence by the Trustees. Upon the resignation or removal of a Trustee, each such resigning or removed Trustee shall execute and deliver such documents as the remaining Trustees shall require for the purpose of conveying to the Company or the remaining Trustees any Company property held in the name of such resigning or removed Trustee. Upon the incapacity or death of any Trustee, such Trustee s legal representative shall execute and deliver on such Trustee s behalf such documents as the remaining Trustees shall require as provided in the preceding sentence. Except to the extent expressly provided in a written agreement with the Company, no Trustee resigning and no Trustee removed shall have any right to any compensation for any period following the effective date of his resignation or removal, or any right to damages on account of a removal. 
 Section 4.10 Business Combination. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Declaration of Trust or any contrary provision of law, the Board of Trustees may, without Shareholder approval if such approval is not required by the 1940 Act, cause the Company to convert into or merge, reorganize or consolidate with or into one or more trusts, partnerships, limited liability companies, corporations or other business entities provided , that the resulting entity is a business development company under the 1940 Act. Approval of any agreement or applicable certificate of merger, reorganization, consolidation or conversion or certificate may be signed by a majority of the Board of Trustees or an authorized officer of the Company. In accordance with Section 3815(f) of the Statutory Trust Act, but subject to Section 6.2 of this Declaration of Trust, such approval and approval from the Board will effect an amendment to this Declaration of Trust and or effect the adoption of a new declaration of trust of the Company or change the name of the Company if the Company is the surviving or resulting entity in the merger or consolidation. 
 Section 4.11 Special Meetings. 
 (a) General . (i) The Chairman of the Board, if any (ii) the Chief Executive Officer, or (iii) a majority of the Board may call a special meeting of the Shareholders. Subject to subsection (b) of this Section 4.11 , the Secretary of the Company shall call a special meeting of Shareholders upon the written request of the Shareholders entitled to cast not less than ten percent (10 of all the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting. 
 (b) Shareholder Requested Special Meetings . 
 (i) Any Shareholder of record seeking to have Shareholders request a special meeting shall, by sending written notice to the Secretary (the Record Date Request Notice by registered mail, return receipt requested, request the Board to fix a record date to determine the Shareholders entitled to request a special meeting (the Request Record Date ). The Record Date Request Notice shall set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at it, shall be signed by one or more Shareholders of record as of the date of signature (or their agents duly authorized in a writing accompanying the Record Date Request Notice), shall bear the date of signature of each such Shareholder (or such agent) and shall set forth all information relating to each such Shareholder that must be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of Trustees in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or as otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any 
 13 

successor provision) under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder Exchange Act. Upon receiving the Record Date Request Notice and subject to Delaware Statutory Trust Act, 12 Del. C. 3801, et seq., as amended from time to time, the Board may fix a Request Record Date. The Request Record Date shall not precede and shall not be more than ten (10) days after the close of business on the date on which the resolution fixing the Request Record Date is adopted by the Board. If the Board, within ten (10) days after the date on which a valid Record Date Request Notice is received, fails to adopt a resolution fixing the Request Record Date, the Request Record Date shall be the close of business on the tenth (10th) day after the first date on which the Record Date Request Notice is received by the Secretary. 
 (ii) In order for any Shareholder to request a special meeting, one or more written requests for a special meeting signed by Shareholders of record (or their agents duly authorized in a writing accompanying the request) as of the Request Record Date entitled to cast not less than ten percent (10 (the Special Meeting Percentage of all of the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting (the Special Meeting Request shall be delivered to the Secretary. In addition, the Special Meeting Request shall set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at it (which shall be limited to the matters set forth in the Record Date Request Notice received by the Secretary), shall bear the date of signature of each such Shareholder (or such agent) signing the Special Meeting Request, shall set forth the name and address, as they appear in the Company s books, of each Shareholder signing such request (or on whose behalf the Special Meeting Request is signed) and the class, series and number of all shares of the Company which are owned by each such Shareholder, and the nominee holder for, and number of, shares owned beneficially but not of record, shall be sent to the Secretary by registered mail, return receipt requested, and shall be received by the Secretary within sixty (60) days after the Request Record Date (the Special Meeting Request Deadline ). Any requesting Shareholder may revoke his, her or its request for a special meeting at any time by written revocation delivered to the Secretary (or agent duly authorized in a writing accompanying the revocation or the Special Meeting Request). 
 (iii) If the Special Meeting Percentage is met by the Special Meeting Request Deadline, the Secretary shall inform the requesting Shareholders of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and mailing the notice of meeting (including the Company s proxy materials). The Secretary shall not be required to call a special meeting upon Shareholder request and such meeting shall not be held unless, in addition to the documents required by this subsection, the Secretary receives payment of such reasonably estimated cost prior to the mailing of any notice of the meeting. 
 (iv) Except as provided in the next sentence, any special meeting shall be held at such place, date and time as may be designated by the Chief Executive Officer or the Board of Trustees, whoever has called the meeting. In the case of any special meeting called by the Secretary upon the request of Shareholders (a Shareholder Requested Meeting ), such meeting shall be held in the United States at such place, date and time as may be designated by the Board of Trustees provided , however , that the date of any Shareholder Requested Meeting shall be not more than sixty (60) days nor less than fifteen (15) days after the Secretary gives notice for such meeting (the Meeting Record Date and provided further that if the Board fails to designate, within ten (10) days after the date that a valid Special Meeting Request is actually received by the Secretary (the Delivery Date ), a date and time for a Shareholder requested meeting, then such meeting shall be held at 2 00 p.m. local time on the sixtieth (60th) day after the Meeting Record Date or, if such sixtieth (60th) day is not a Business Day (as defined below), on the first preceding Business Day. The Secretary shall provide a notice to all Shareholders of such Shareholder Requested Meeting within ten (10) days of the Delivery Date, by person or by mail, of the date, time and location of such Shareholder Requested Meeting and the purpose of the Shareholder Requested Meeting provided that in the event that the Board fails to designate a place for a Shareholder requested meeting within ten (10) days after the Delivery Date, then such meeting shall be held at the principal executive office of the Company. In fixing a date for any special meeting, the Chief Executive Officer or the Board of Trustees may consider such factors as the Trustees deem relevant within the good faith exercise of business judgment, including, without limitation, the nature of the matters to be considered, the facts and circumstances surrounding any request for meeting and any plan of the Board to call an annual meeting or a special meeting. In the case of any Shareholder requested meeting, the Board shall fix a Meeting Record Date that is a date not later than thirty (30) days after the Delivery Date. The 
 14 

Board of Trustees may revoke the notice for any Shareholder Requested Meeting in the event that the requesting Shareholders fail to comply with the provisions of paragraph (3) of this Section 4.11(b) . 
 (v) If written revocations of requests for the special meeting have been delivered to the Secretary and the result is that Shareholders of record (or their agents duly authorized in writing), as of the Request Record Date, entitled to cast less than the Special Meeting Percentage have delivered, and not revoked, requests for a special meeting to the Secretary, the Secretary shall (i) if the notice of meeting has not already been mailed, refrain from mailing the notice of the meeting and send to all requesting Shareholders who have not revoked such requests written notice of any revocation of a request for the special meeting, or (ii) if the notice of meeting has been mailed and if the Secretary first sends to all requesting Shareholders who have not revoked requests for a special meeting written notice of any revocation of a request for the special meeting and written notice of the Secretary s intention to revoke the notice of the meeting, revoke the notice of the meeting at any time before ten (10) days before the commencement of the meeting. Any request for a special meeting received after a revocation by the Secretary of a notice of a meeting shall be considered a request for a new special meeting. 
 (vi) The Board, the Chairman of the Board, if any, or the Chief Executive Officer may appoint independent inspectors of elections to act as the agent of the Company for the purpose of promptly performing a ministerial review of the validity of any purported Special Meeting Request received by the Secretary. For the purpose of permitting the inspectors to perform such review, no such purported request shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Secretary until the earlier of (i) five (5) Business Days after receipt by the Secretary of such purported request and (ii) such date as the independent inspectors certify to the Company that the valid requests received by the Secretary represent, as of the Request Record Date, not less than the Special Meeting Percentage. Nothing contained in this subsection (vi) shall in any way be construed to suggest or imply that the Company or any Shareholder shall not be entitled to contest the validity of any request, whether during or after such five (5) Business Day period, or to take any other action (including, without limitation, the commencement, prosecution or defense of any litigation with respect thereto, and the seeking of injunctive relief in such litigation). 
 (vii) For purposes of this Declaration of Trust, Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or other day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. 
 Section 4.12 Trust Only. It is the intention of the Trustees to create only the relationship of trustee and beneficiary between the Trustees and each Shareholder from time to time. It is not the intention of the Trustees to create a general partnership, limited partnership, joint stock association, corporation, bailment or any form of legal relationship other than a Delaware statutory trust. Nothing in this Declaration of Trust shall be construed to make the Shareholders, either by themselves or with the Trustees, partners or members of a joint stock association. 
 Section 4.13 Trustee Action by Written Consent. Any action which may be taken by Trustees by vote may be taken without a meeting if that number of the Trustees, or members of a committee, as the case may be, required for approval of such action at a meeting of the Trustees or of such committee consent to the action in writing and the written consents are filed with the records of the meetings of Trustees. Such consent shall be treated for all purposes as a vote taken at a meeting of Trustees. 
 Section 4.14 Officers. The Trustees shall elect a Chief Executive Officer, a Secretary and a Chief Financial Officer and may elect a Chairman who shall serve at the pleasure of the Trustees or until their successors are elected. The Trustees may elect or appoint or may authorize the Chairman, if any, or Chief Executive Officer to appoint such other officers or agents with such powers as the Trustees may deem to be advisable. A Chairman shall, and the Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Chief Financial Officer may, but need not, be a Trustee. All officers shall owe to the Company and its Shareholders the same fiduciary duties (and only such fiduciary duties) as owed by officers of corporations to such corporations and their stockholders under the DGCL. 
 Section 4.15 Principal Transactions. Except to the extent prohibited by applicable law and the Omnibus Guidelines, the Trustees may, on behalf of the Company, buy any securities from or sell any securities to, or lend any assets of the Company to, any Trustee or officer of the Company or any firm of 
 15 

which any such Trustee or officer is a member acting as principal, or have any such dealings with any Affiliate of the Company, investment adviser, investment sub-adviser, distributor or transfer agent for the Company or with any Interested Person of such Affiliate or other person and the Company may employ any such Affiliate or other person, or firm or company in which such Affiliate or other person is an Interested Person, as broker, legal counsel, registrar, investment advisor, investment sub-advisor, distributor, transfer agent, dividend disbursing agent, custodian or in any other capacity upon customary terms. 
 Section 4.16 Subsidiaries. Without approval or vote by Shareholders, the Trustees may cause to be organized or assist in organizing one or more corporations, trusts, partnerships, associations or other organizations to take over any or all of the Company s property or to carry on any business in which the Company shall directly or indirectly have any interest and to sell, convey, and transfer all or a portion of the Company s property to any such corporation, trust, limited liability company, association or organization in exchange for the shares or securities thereof, or otherwise, and to lend money to, subscribe for the shares or securities of and enter into any contracts with any such corporation, trust, limited liability company, partnership, association or organization, or any corporation, partnership, trust, limited liability company, association or organization in which the Company holds or is about to acquire shares or any other interests. 
 Section 4.17 Delegation. The Trustees shall have the power to delegate from time to time to such of their number or to officers, employees or agents of the Company the doing of such things, including any matters set forth in this Declaration of Trust, and the execution of such instruments either in the name of the Company or the names of the Trustees or otherwise as the Trustees may deem expedient. The Trustees may designate one or more committees which shall have all or such lesser portion of the authority of the entire Board of Trustees as the Trustees shall determine from time to time except to the extent action by the entire Board of Trustees or particular Trustees is required by the 1940 Act. 
 ARTICLE V SHARES 
 Section 5.1 Authorized Shares. The beneficial interest in the Company shall at all times be divided into an unlimited number of Shares. The Shares of the Company shall initially consist of Common Shares, with such par value as may be authorized from time to time by the Trustees in their sole discretion without Shareholder approval. All Common Shares shall be fully paid and nonassessable when issued. Mandatory Assessments of Common Shares shall be prohibited, and the Company shall not make any mandatory Assessment against any Shareholder beyond such Shareholder s subscription commitment. Any different classes or series of Shares shall be established and designated, and the variations in the relative rights and preferences as between the different classes shall be fixed and determined, by the Trustees without Shareholder approval. The Trustees may create a class of preferred shares (the Preferred Shares which may be divided into one or more series of Preferred Shares and with such par value as may be authorized from time to time by the Trustees in their sole discretion without Shareholder approval. The Company is authorized to offer and issue an unlimited number of Common Shares and an unlimited number of Preferred Shares. 
 Section 5.2 Authorization by Board of Share Issuance. The Board of Trustees may authorize the issuance from time to time Shares of the Company of any class or series, whether now or hereafter authorized, or securities or rights convertible into Shares of any class or series, whether now or hereafter authorized, for such consideration as the Board may deem advisable (or without consideration in the case of a split of Shares or dividend), subject to such restrictions or limitations, if any, as may be set forth in this Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws. 
 Section 5.3 Classification or Reclassification by the Board. As contemplated by Section 5.1 , the variations in the relative rights and preferences as between any classes of Common Shares and any potential Preferred Shares shall be fixed and determined by the Trustees provided , that all Common Shares or Preferred Shares of the Company or of any series shall be identical to all other Common Shares or Preferred Shares of the Company or of the same series, as the case may be, except that, to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act, there may be variations between different classes as to allocation of expenses, rights of redemption, special and relative rights and preferences as to dividends and distributions and on 
 16 

liquidation, conversion rights, and conditions under which the several classes shall have separate voting rights. Any class of Preferred Shares shall have such rights and preferences and priorities over the Common Shares as may be established by the terms thereof provided , that the Company may not issue any Preferred Shares that would limit or subordinate the voting rights of holders of Common Shares as set forth in the Omnibus Guidelines unless required by the 1940 Act. 
 The following provisions shall be applicable to any division of Shares of the Company into one or more classes or series 
 (a) All provisions herein relating to the Shares, or any class or series of Shares of the Company, including Common Shares and Preferred Shares, shall apply equally to each class of Shares of the Company or of any series of the Company, except as the context requires otherwise. 
 (b) The number of Shares of each class that may be issued shall be unlimited. The Trustees may classify or reclassify any Shares or any class of any Shares into one or more other classes that may be established and designated from time to time. The Company may purchase and hold Shares as treasury shares, reissue such treasury shares for such consideration and on such terms as the Trustees may determine, or cancel any Shares of any class acquired by the Company at the Trustees discretion from time to time. 
 (c) Liabilities, expenses, costs, charges and reserves related to the distribution of, and other identified expenses that should properly be allocated to, the Shares of a particular class or series within the class may be charged to and borne solely by such class or series, and the bearing of expenses solely by a class of shares or series may be appropriately reflected (in a manner determined by the Trustees) and cause differences in the net asset value attributable to, and the dividend, redemption and liquidation rights of, the Shares of different classes or series. Each allocation of liabilities, expenses, costs, charges and reserves by the Trustees in their reasonable judgment shall be conclusive and binding upon the Shareholders of all classes for all purposes. 
 (d) The establishment and designation of any class or series of Shares shall be effective upon resolution by a majority of the Trustees, adopting a resolution which sets forth such establishment and designation and the relative rights and preferences of such class or series. Each such resolution shall be incorporated herein by reference upon adoption. The Trustees may, by resolution of a majority of the Trustees, abolish any class or series and the establishment and designation thereof. To the extent the provisions set forth in such resolution conflict with the provisions of this Declaration of Trust with respect to any such rights and privileges of the class or series of Shares, such resolutions shall control. 
 Section 5.4 Dividends and Distributions. 
 (a) Unless otherwise expressly provided in this Declaration of Trust, the holders of each class or series of Shares shall be entitled to dividends and distributions in such amounts and at such times as may be determined by the Board, and the dividends and distributions paid with respect to the various classes or series of Shares may vary among such classes or series. Expenses related to the distribution of, and other identified expenses that properly should be allocated to the Shares of, a particular class or series may be appropriately reflected (in a manner determined by the Board, in its discretion) and cause a difference in the net asset value attributable to, and the dividend, redemption and liquidation rights of, the shares of each such class or series of Shares. The Company is permitted to have a distribution reinvestment plan, provided that the plan meets the requirements under Section VI.H of the Omnibus Guidelines to the extent applicable. 
 (b) The Trustees will retain from the net profits such amount as they may deem necessary to pay the debts or expenses of the Company or to meet obligations of the Company (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the payment of Adviser s fees), or as they otherwise may deem desirable to use in the conduct of its affairs or to retain for future requirements or extensions of the business. Normally, such amount shall not be less than 1 of the offering proceeds of the Company. 
 17 

(c) From time to time and not less than quarterly, the Company shall review the Company s accounts to determine whether cash distributions are appropriate. The Company may, subject to authorization by the Board of Trustees, distribute to the Shareholders funds received by the Company that the Board of Trustees deems unnecessary to retain in the Company. The Board may authorize the Company to declare and pay to Shareholders such dividends or distributions, in cash or other assets of the Company or in Securities of the Company or from any other source, as the Board in its discretion shall determine. The Board shall endeavor to authorize the Company to declare and pay such dividends and distributions (i) as shall be necessary for the Company to qualify as a Regulated Investment Company under the Code and a business development company under the 1940 Act, and (ii) to the extent that the Board deems it unnecessary for the Company to retain funds received by it provided , however , that in each case Shareholders shall have no right to any dividend or distribution unless and until authorized by the Board and declared by the Company. Distributions pursuant to this Section 5.4 may be among the Shareholders of record of the applicable class or series of Shares at the time of declaring a distribution or among the Shareholders of record at such later date as the Trustees shall determine and specify. The exercise of the powers and rights of the Board pursuant to this Section 5.4 shall be subject to the provisions of any class or series of shares at the time outstanding. The receipt by any Person in whose name any shares are registered on the records of the Company or by his or her duly authorized agent shall be a sufficient discharge for all dividends or distributions payable or deliverable in respect of such shares and from all liability to see to the application thereof. Distributions in kind shall not be permitted, except for distributions of readily marketable Securities, distributions of cash from a liquidating trust established for the dissolution of the Company and the liquidation of its assets in accordance with the terms of this Declaration of Trust or distributions in which (i) the Board advises each Shareholder of the risks associated with direct ownership of the property, (ii) the Board offers each Shareholder the election of receiving such in-kind distributions, and (iii) in-kind distributions are made only to those Shareholders that accept such offer. 
 (d) In as much as the computation of net income and gains for Federal income tax purposes may vary from the computation thereof on the books, the above provisions shall be interpreted to give the Trustees the power in their discretion to distribute for any fiscal year as ordinary dividends and as capital gains distributions, respectively, additional amounts sufficient to enable the Company to avoid or reduce liability for taxes. 
 (e) If a declaration of dividends or distributions is made pursuant to this Section 5.4 then (i) at any time prior to the related payment date, the Board may, in its sole discretion, rescind such declaration or change each of the record date and payment date to a later date or dates (in each case for a period of not greater than 180 days after each of the record date and payment date theretofore in effect and provided the payment date as so changed is not more than 60 days after the record date as so changed). 
 (f) In no event, however, shall funds be advanced or borrowed for purpose of distributions, if the amount of such distributions would exceed the Company s accrued and received revenues for the previous four quarters, less paid and accrued operating costs with respect to such revenues and costs shall be made in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied. Cash distributions from the Company to the Sponsor shall only be made in conjunction with distributions to Shareholders and only out of funds properly allocated to the Sponsor s account. 
 Section 5.5 Proportionate Rights. All Shares of each particular class shall represent an equal proportionate interest in the assets attributable to the class (subject to the liabilities of that class), and each Share of any particular class shall be equal to each other Share of that class. The Board of Trustees may, from time to time, divide or combine the Shares of any particular class into a greater or lesser number of Shares of that class without thereby changing the proportionate interest in the assets attributable to that class or in any way affecting the rights of holders of Shares of any other class. 
 Section 5.6 Distributions in Liquidation. Unless otherwise expressly provided in this Declaration of Trust, in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of all classes of Shares of the Company shall be entitled, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities of the Company (as such liability may 
 18 

affect one or more of the classes and series of Shares of the Company), to share ratably in the remaining net assets of the Company. 
 Section 5.7 Deferred Payments. The Company shall not have authority to make arrangements for deferred payments on account of the purchase price of shares of the Company s Shares unless all of the following conditions are met (a) such arrangements are warranted by the Company s investment objectives (b) the period of deferred payments coincides with the anticipated cash needs of the Company 
 (a) the deferred payments shall be evidenced by a promissory note of the Shareholder, which note shall be with recourse, shall not be negotiable, shall be assignable only subject to defenses of the maker and shall not contain a provision authorizing a confession of judgment and (d) selling commissions and Front End Fees paid upon deferred payments are payable when payment is made on the note. The Company shall not sell or assign the deferred obligation notes at a discount. In the event of default in the payment of deferred payments by a Shareholder, the Shareholder may be subjected to a reasonable penalty. 
 Section 5.8 Fractional Shares. The Company shall have authority to issue fractional Shares. Any fractional Shares shall carry proportionately all of the rights of a whole share, including, without limitation, the right to vote and the right to receive dividends and other distributions. 
 Section 5.9 Declaration of Trust and Bylaws. All persons who shall acquire Shares in the Company shall acquire the same subject to the provisions of this Declaration of Trust and the Bylaws. 
 Section 5.10 Redemptions. Holders of Shares of the Company shall not be entitled to require the Company to repurchase or redeem Shares of the Company. 
 Section 5.11 Disclosure of Holding. The holders of Shares or other securities of the Company shall upon demand disclose to the Trustees in writing such information with respect to direct and indirect ownership of Shares or other securities of the Company as the Trustees deem necessary to comply with the provisions of the Code, the 1940 Act or other applicable laws or regulations, or to comply with the requirements of any other taxing or regulatory authority. 
 Section 5.12 Repurchase of Shares. The Trustees shall have the power to issue, sell, repurchase, redeem, retire, cancel, acquire, hold, resell, reissue, dispose of, transfer, and otherwise deal in, Shares, including Shares in fractional denominations, and, to apply to any such repurchase, redemption, retirement, cancellation or acquisition of Shares any funds or property. The Trustees may establish, from time to time, a program or programs by which the Company voluntarily repurchases Shares from the Shareholders provided , however , that such repurchases do not impair the capital or operations of the Company. 
 Section 5.13 Power to Modify Foregoing Procedures. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing provisions of this Article V , the Trustees may prescribe, in their absolute discretion except as may be required by the 1940 Act, such other bases and times for determining the per share asset value of the Company s Shares or net income, or the declaration and payment of dividends and distributions as they may deem necessary or desirable for any reason, including to enable the Company to comply with any provision of the 1940 Act, federal securities laws, state securities laws, or any securities exchange or association registered under the Exchange Act, or any order of exemption issued by the SEC, all as in effect now or hereafter amended or modified. 
 Section 5.14 ERISA Restrictions. Notwithstanding any other provision herein, if and to the extent that any class of Shares do not constitute Publicly Offered Securities, in order to avoid the possibility that the underlying assets of the Company could be treated as assets of Benefit Plan Investor pursuant to the Plan Asset Regulation, the Company, at the direction of the Board of Trustees or any duly-authorized committee of the Board, or, if authorized by the Board, any officer of the Company or the Adviser on behalf of the Company, shall have the power to (1) require any Person proposing to acquire Shares to furnish such information as may be necessary to determine whether such person is (i) a Benefit Plan Investor, or (ii) an ERISA Controlling Person, (2) exclude any Shareholder or potential Shareholder 
 19 

from purchasing Common Shares, (3) prohibit any repurchase of Shares to any Person, and (4) repurchase any or all outstanding Shares held by a Shareholder for such price and on such other terms and conditions as may be determined by or at the direction of the Board. 
 ARTICLE VI AMENDMENTS CERTAIN EXTRAORDINARY ACTIONS 
 Section 6.1 Amendments Generally. Subject to Section 6.2 , the Board of Trustees reserves the right, without any vote of Shareholders, from time to time to make any amendment to this Declaration of Trust, now or hereafter authorized by law, including any amendment altering the terms or contract rights, as expressly set forth in this Declaration of Trust, of any outstanding Shares, provided , however , that if any amendment or new addition to this Declaration of Trust adversely affects the rights of Shareholders, such amendment or addition must be approved by the holders of more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding Shares of the Company entitled to vote thereon. All rights and powers conferred by this Declaration of Trust on Shareholders, Trustees and officers are granted subject to this reservation. 
 Section 6.2 Approval of Certain Declaration of Trust Amendments. The affirmative vote of the Shareholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds (2 3) of all Shares of the Company entitled to vote on the matter shall be necessary to effect 
 (a) Any amendment to this Declaration of Trust to make the Common Shares a redeemable security or to convert the Company, whether by merger or otherwise, from a closed-end company to an open-end company (as such terms are defined in the 1940 Act) and 
 (b) Any amendment to Section 4.3 , Section 4.9 , Section 6.1 or this Section 6.2 . 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6.2 , if the Board of Trustees approves a proposal or amendment pursuant to this Section 6.2 by a vote of at least two-thirds of such Board of Trustees, then only the affirmative vote of the holders of more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding Shares of the Company entitled to vote thereon shall be required to approve such matter. 
 Section 6.3 Approval of Certain Amendments to Bylaws. The Board of Trustees shall have the exclusive power to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of the Bylaws and to make new Bylaws provided, however, that if any amendment to the Bylaws adversely affects the voting rights of Shareholders, such amendment must be approved by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote on the matter (as majority is defined in Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act). 
 Section 6.4 Amendments in Connection with an Exchange Listing. In connection with the occurrence of a Listing of any class of the Company s Shares, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Trustees may, without the approval or vote of the Shareholders, amend or supplement this Declaration of Trust in any manner, including, without limitation to reclassify the Board of Trustees, to permit annual meetings of Shareholders, to impose advance notice provisions for the bringing of Shareholder nominations or proposals, to eliminate the suitability requirements of Section 11.5 , to impose super-majority approval for certain types of transactions and to otherwise add or modify provisions that may be deemed to adverse to Shareholders, including those provisions of Section 11.1 and this Article VI . 
 Section 6.5 Execution of Amendments. Upon obtaining such approvals required by this Declaration of Trust and the Bylaws and without further action or execution by any other Person, including the Delaware Trustee or any Shareholder, (i) any amendment to this Declaration of Trust may be implemented and reflected in a writing executed solely by the requisite members of the Board of Trustees, and (ii) the Delaware Trustee and the Shareholders shall be deemed a party to and bound by such amendment of this Declaration of Trust provided , however , the Delaware Trustee s written consent shall be required for any amendment that would adversely affect the Delaware Trustee. 
 20 

ARTICLE VII LIMITATION OF LIABILITY INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCE OF EXPENSES 
 Section 7.1 Limitation of Shareholder Liability. Shareholders shall be entitled to the same limited liability extended to Shareholders of private Delaware for profit corporations formed under the DGCL. No Shareholder shall be liable for any debt, claim, demand, judgment or obligation of any kind of, against or with respect to the Company by reason of being a Shareholder, nor shall any Shareholder be subject to any personal liability whatsoever, in tort, contract or otherwise, to any Person in connection with the Company s assets or the affairs of the Company by reason of being a Shareholder. 
 Section 7.2 Limitation of Trustee and Officer Liability. To the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, subject to any limitation set forth under the federal securities laws, or in this Article VII , no Trustee or officer of the Company shall be liable to the Company or its Shareholders for money damages. Neither the amendment nor repeal of this Section 7.2 , nor the adoption or amendment of any other provision of this Declaration of Trust or Bylaws inconsistent with this Section 7.2 , shall apply to or affect in any respect the applicability of the preceding sentence with respect to any act or failure to act that occurred prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption. The Company may not incur the cost of that portion of liability insurance which insures the Adviser or the Sponsor for any liability as to which the Adviser or the Sponsor is prohibited from being indemnified. 
 Section 7.3 Indemnification. 
 (a) Each Person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative (hereinafter a proceeding ), by reason of the fact 
 (i) that he or she is or was a Trustee, officer, employee, Controlling Person or agent of the Company, or 
 (ii) that he or she, being at the time a Trustee, officer, employee or agent of the Company, is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, trustee, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (collectively, another enterprise or other enterprise ), whether either in case (i) or in case (ii) the basis of such proceeding is alleged action or inaction (x) in an official capacity as a Trustee, officer, employee, Controlling Person or agent of the Company, or as a director, trustee, officer, employee or agent of such other enterprise, or (y) in any other capacity related to the Company or such other enterprise while so serving as a director, trustee, officer, employee or agent, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company to the fullest extent not prohibited by Delaware law and subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, from and against all liability, loss, judgments, penalties, fines, settlements, and reasonable expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees and amounts paid in settlement and including costs of enforcement of enforcement of rights under this Section 7.3 (collectively, Liability and Losses actually incurred or suffered by such Person in connection therewith. The Persons indemnified hereunder are hereinafter referred to as Indemnitees . Such indemnification as to such alleged action or inaction shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has after such alleged action or inaction ceased to be a Trustee, officer, employee, Controlling Person or agent of the Company, or director, officer, employee or agent of another enterprise and shall inure to the benefit of the Indemnitee s heirs, executors and administrators. The right to indemnification conferred under this Article VII (A) shall be a contract right (B) shall not be affected adversely as to any Indemnitee by any amendment or repeal of this Declaration of Trust with respect to any action or inaction occurring prior to such amendment or repeal and (C) shall vest immediately upon election or appointment of such Indemnitee. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Company shall not provide any indemnification of an Indemnitee pursuant to paragraph (a) above, unless all of the following conditions are met 
 (i) The Indemnitee has determined, in good faith, that any course of conduct of such Indemnitee giving rise to the Liability and Losses was in the best interests of the Company. 
 21 

(ii) The Indemnitee was acting on behalf of or performing services for the Company. 
 (iii) Such Liability and Losses were not the result of (1) negligence or misconduct, in the case that the Indemnitee is the Sponsor or a Trustee (other than an Independent Trustee), officer, employee, Controlling Person, or agent of the Company, or (2) gross negligence or willful misconduct, in the case that the Indemnitee is an Independent Trustee. 
 (iv) Such indemnification is recoverable only out of the net assets of the Company and not from the Shareholders. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Company shall not provide any indemnification of an Indemnitee pursuant to paragraph (a) above, for any Liability and Losses arising from or out of an alleged violation of federal or state securities laws by such person or Indemnitee unless one or more of the following conditions are met (i) there has been a successful adjudication on the merits of each count involving alleged securities law violations as to the Indemnitee, (ii) such claims have been dismissed with prejudice on the merits by a court of competent jurisdiction as to the Indemnitee or (iii) a court of competent jurisdiction approves a settlement of the claims against the Indemnitee and finds that indemnification of the settlement and the related costs should be made, and the court considering the request for indemnification has been advised of the position of the SEC and of the published position of any state securities regulatory authority in which securities were offered or sold as to indemnification for violations of securities laws. 
 Section 7.4 Payment of Expenses. The Company shall pay or reimburse reasonable legal expenses and other costs incurred by an Indemnitee in advance of final disposition of a proceeding if all of the following are satisfied (i) the proceeding relates to acts or omissions with respect to the performance of duties or services on behalf of the Company, (ii) the Indemnitee provides the Company with written affirmation of the Indemnitee s good faith belief that the Indemnitee has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Company as authorized by Section 7.3 hereof, (iii) the legal proceeding was initiated by a third party who is not a Shareholder or, if by a Shareholder of the Company acting in his or her capacity as such, a court of competent jurisdiction approves such advancement, and (iv) the Indemnitee provides the Company with a written agreement to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the Company, together with the applicable legal rate of interest thereon, if it is ultimately determined by final, non-appealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction, that the Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification. 
 Section 7.5 Limitations to Indemnification. The provisions of this Article VII shall be subject to the limitations of the 1940 Act. 
 Section 7.6 Express Exculpatory Clauses in Instruments. Neither the Shareholders nor the Trustees, officers, employees or agents of the Company shall be liable under any written instrument creating an obligation of the Company by reason of their being Shareholders, Trustees, officers, employees or agents of the Company, and all Persons shall look solely to the Company s net assets for the payment of any claim under or for the performance of that instrument. The omission of the foregoing exculpatory language from any instrument shall not affect the validity or enforceability of such instrument and shall not render any Shareholder, Trustee, officer, employee or agent liable thereunder to any third party, nor shall the Trustees or any officer, employee or agent of the Company be liable to anyone as a result of such omission. 
 Section 7.7 Non-exclusivity. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided or authorized by this Article VII shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights, by indemnification or otherwise, to which any Indemnitee may be entitled under the Bylaws, a resolution of Shareholders or Trustees, an agreement or otherwise. 
 Section 7.8 No Bond Required of Trustees. No Trustee shall, as such, be obligated to give any bond or other security for the performance of any of his duties hereunder. 
 22 

Section 7.9 No Duty of Investigation No Notice in Trust Instruments, etc. No purchaser, lender, transfer agent or other person dealing with the Trustees or with any officer, employee or agent of the Company shall be bound to make any inquiry concerning the validity of any transaction purporting to be made by the Trustees or by said officer, employee or agent or be liable for the application of money or property paid, loaned, or delivered to or on the order of the Trustees or of said officer, employee or agent. Every obligation, contract, undertaking, instrument, certificate, Share, other Security of the Company, and every other act or thing whatsoever executed in connection with the Company shall be conclusively taken to have been executed or done by the executors thereof only in their capacity as Trustees under this Declaration of Trust or in their capacity as officers, employees or agents of the Company. The Trustees may maintain insurance for the protection of the Company s property, the Shareholders, Trustees, officers, employees and agents in such amount as the Trustees shall deem adequate to cover possible tort liability, and such other insurance as the Trustees in their sole judgment shall deem advisable or is required by the 1940 Act. 
 Section 7.10 Reliance on Experts, etc. Each Trustee and officer or employee of the Company shall, in the performance of its duties, be fully and completely justified and protected with regard to any act or any failure to act resulting from reliance in good faith upon the books of account or other records of the Company, upon an opinion of counsel, or upon reports made to the Company by any of the Company s officers or employees or by any advisor, administrator, manager, distributor, selected dealer, accountant, appraiser or other expert or consultant selected with reasonable care by the Trustees, officers or employees of the Company, regardless of whether such counsel or expert may also be a Trustee. 
 ARTICLE VIII ADVISER, ADMINISTRATOR AND CUSTODIAN DISTRIBUTION ARRANGEMENTS 
 Section 8.1 Supervision of Adviser and Administrator. 
 (a) Subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, the Board of Trustees may exercise broad discretion in allowing the Adviser and, if applicable, an Administrator, to administer and regulate the operations of the Company, to act as agent for the Company, to execute documents on behalf of the Company and to make executive decisions that conform to general policies and principles established by the Board. The Board shall monitor the Adviser, or if any, the Administrator, to assure that the administrative procedures, operations and programs of the Company are in the best interests of the Shareholders and are fulfilled and that (i) the expenses incurred are reasonable in light of the investment performance of the Company, its net assets and its net income, (ii) all Front End Fees shall be reasonable and shall not exceed eighteen percent (18 of the gross proceeds of any offering, regardless of the source of payment, and (iii) the percentage of gross proceeds of any offering committed to investment shall be at least eighty-two percent (82 ). All items of compensation to underwriters or dealers, including, but not limited to, selling commissions, expenses, rights of first refusal, consulting fees, finders fees and all other items of compensation of any kind or description paid by the Company, directly or indirectly, shall be taken into consideration in computing the amount of allowable Front End Fees. 
 (b) The Board of Trustees is responsible for determining that compensation paid to the Adviser is reasonable in relation to the nature and quality of services performed and the investment performance of the Company and that the provisions of the Advisory Agreement are being carried out. The Board may consider all factors that they deem relevant in making these determinations. So long as the Company is a business development company under the 1940 Act, compensation to the Adviser shall be considered presumptively reasonable if the incentive fee is limited to the participation in net gains allowed by the 1940 Act. 
 Section 8.2 Fiduciary Obligations of Adviser. The Advisory Agreement shall provide that the Adviser has a fiduciary responsibility for the safekeeping and use of all funds and assets of the Company, whether or not in the Adviser s immediate possession or control, and that the Adviser shall not employ, or permit another to employ, such funds or assets in any manner except for the exclusive benefit of the Company. The Company shall not permit any Shareholder to contract away any fiduciary obligation owed by the Adviser under common law. 
 23 

Section 8.3 Experience of Adviser. The Board of Trustees shall determine the sufficiency and adequacy of the relevant experience and qualifications for the officers of the Company given the business objective of the Company. The Board shall determine whether any Adviser possesses sufficient qualifications to perform the advisory function for the Company and whether the compensation provided for in its contract with the Company is justified. 
 Section 8.4 Termination of Advisory Agreement. The Advisory Agreement shall provide that it is terminable (a) by the Company upon sixty (60) days written notice to the Adviser (i) upon the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote on the matter (as majority is defined in Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act) or (ii) by the vote of the Independent Trustees or (b) by the Adviser upon not less than sixty (60) days written notice to the Company, in each case without cause or penalty. In the event of termination, the Adviser will cooperate with the Company and the Board in making an orderly transition of the advisory function. In addition, if the Company elects to continue its operations following termination of the Advisory Agreement by the Adviser, the Adviser shall pay all direct expenses incurred as a direct result of its withdrawal. Upon termination of the Advisory Agreement, the Company shall pay the Adviser all amounts then accrued but unpaid to the Adviser. The method of payment must be fair and protect the solvency and liquidity of the Company, in accordance with Section II.E.3 of the Omnibus Guidelines. 
 Section 8.5 Organization and Offering Expenses Limitation. Unless otherwise provided in any resolution adopted by the Board of Trustees, the Company shall reimburse the Adviser and its Affiliates for Organization and Offering Expenses incurred by the Adviser or its Affiliates provided , however , that the total amount of all Organization and Offering Expenses shall be reasonable, as determined by the Board, and shall be included in Front End Fees for purposes of the limit on such Front End Fees set forth in Section 8.1 . 
 Section 8.6 Acquisition Fees. The Company may pay the Adviser and or its Affiliates fees for the review and evaluation of potential investments provided , however , that the Board of Trustees shall conclude that the total of all Acquisition Fees and Acquisition Expenses shall be reasonable. 
 Section 8.7 Reimbursement of Adviser. The Company shall not reimburse the Adviser or its Affiliates for services for which the Adviser or its Affiliates are entitled to compensation in the form of a separate fee. Excluded from the allowable reimbursement shall be (a) rent or depreciation, utilities, capital equipment, other administrative items of the Adviser and (b) salaries, fringe benefits, travel expenses and other administrative items incurred or allocated to any Controlling Person of the Adviser. 
 Section 8.8 Reimbursement of Administrator. In the event the Company executes an agreement for the provision of administrative services, the Company may reimburse the Administrator, at the end of each fiscal quarter, for all expenses of the Company incurred by the Administrator as well as the actual cost of goods and services used for or by the Company and obtained from entities not Affiliated with the Company. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Declaration of Trust, the Administrator may be reimbursed for the administrative services necessary for the prudent operation of the Company performed by it on behalf of the Company provided , however , the reimbursement shall be an amount equal to the lower of the Administrator s actual cost or the amount the Company would be required to pay third parties for the provision of comparable administrative services in the same geographic location and provided , further , that such costs are reasonably allocated to the Company on the basis of assets, revenues, time records or other method conforming with generally accepted accounting principles. Except as otherwise provided herein, no reimbursement shall be permitted for services for which the Administrator is entitled to compensation by way of a separate fee. 
 Section 8.9 Custodians 
 (a) The Trustees may employ a custodian or custodians meeting the qualifications for custodians for portfolio securities of investment companies contained in the 1940 Act, as custodian with respect to the assets of the Company. Any custodian shall have authority as agent of the Company as determined by the custodian agreement or agreements, but subject to such restrictions, limitations and other requirements, if any, as may be contained in the Bylaws of the Company and the 1940 Act, including without limitation authority 
 24 

(i) to hold the securities owned by the Company and deliver the same upon written order 
 (ii) to receive any receipt for any moneys due to the Company and deposit the same in its own banking department (if a bank) or elsewhere as the Trustees may direct 
 (iii) to disburse such funds upon orders or vouchers 
 (iv) if authorized by the Trustees, to keep the books and accounts of the Company and furnish clerical and accounting services and 
 (v) if authorized to do so by the Trustees, to compute the net income or net asset value of the Company all upon such basis of compensation as may be agreed upon between the Trustees and the custodian. 
 The Trustees may also authorize each custodian to employ one or more sub-custodians from time to time to perform such of the acts and services of the custodian and upon such terms and conditions, as may be agreed upon between the custodian and such sub-custodian and approved by the Trustees provided , that in every case such sub-custodian shall meet the qualifications for custodians contained in the 1940 Act. 
 (b) Subject to such rules, regulations and orders as the SEC may adopt, the Trustees may direct the custodian to deposit all or any part of the securities owned by the Company in a system for the central handling of securities established by a national securities exchange or a national securities association registered with the SEC under the Exchange Act, or such other Person as may be permitted by the SEC, or otherwise in accordance with the 1940 Act, pursuant to which system all securities of any particular class of any issuer deposited within the system are treated as fungible and may be transferred or pledged by bookkeeping entry without physical delivery of such securities provided , that all such deposits shall be subject to withdrawal only upon the order of the Company. 
 Section 8.10 Distribution Arrangements. Subject to compliance with the 1940 Act, the Trustees may retain underwriters, distributors and or placement agents to sell Shares and other securities of the Company. The Trustees may in their discretion from time to time enter into one or more contracts, providing for the sale of securities of the Company, whereby the Company may either agree to sell such securities to the other party to the contract or appoint such other party its sales agent for such securities. In either case, the contract shall be on such terms and conditions as the Trustees may in their discretion determine not inconsistent with the provisions of this Article VIII or the Bylaws and such contract may also provide for the repurchase or sale of securities of the Company by such other party as principal or as agent of the Company and may provide that such other party may enter into selected dealer agreements and servicing and similar agreements to further the purposes of the distribution or repurchase of the securities of the Company. 
 ARTICLE IX INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES AND LIMITATIONS 
 Section 9.1 Investment Objective. The Company s investment objective is to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation. The Trustees shall have power with respect to the Company to manage, conduct, operate and carry on the business of a business development company. The Independent Trustees shall review the investment policies of the Company with sufficient frequency (not less often than annually) to determine that the policies being followed by the Company are in the best interests of its Shareholders. Each such determination and the basis therefor shall be set forth in the minutes of the meetings of the Board of Trustees. 
 Section 9.2 Investments, Generally. All transactions entered into by the Company shall be consistent with the investment permissions and limitations as established for business development companies under the 1940 Act, including any applicable exemptive orders that have been or may be issued in the future by the SEC. 
 25 

Section 9.3 Investments in Programs. For purposes of this Section 9.3 , Program shall be defined as a limited or general partnership, joint venture, unincorporated association or similar organization, other than a corporation, formed and operated for the primary purpose of investment in and the operation of or gain from and interest in the assets to be acquired by such entity. A Program shall not include (and nothing in this Declaration of Trust shall prevent) investments by the Company directly in a master fund in a master feeder fund structure permissible under the 1940 Act. A Program shall not include an Eligible Portfolio Company as defined by the 1940 Act. 
 (a) The Company shall not invest in Programs with non-Affiliates that own and operate specific assets, unless the Company, alone or together with any publicly registered Affiliate of the Company meeting the requirements of subsection (b) below, acquires a controlling interest in such a Program, but in no event shall the Adviser or any of its affiliates be entitled to duplicate fees provided , however , that the foregoing is not intended to prevent the Company from carrying out its business of investing and reinvesting its assets in Securities of other issuers. For purposes of this Section 9.3 , controlling interest means an equity interest possessing the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the Program, including the authority to (i) review all contracts entered into by the Program that will have a material effect on its business or assets (ii) cause a sale or refinancing of the assets or its interest therein subject, in certain cases where required by the Program agreement, to limits as to time, minimum amounts and or a right of first refusal by the Program or consent of the Program (iii) approve budgets and major capital expenditures, subject to a stated minimum amount (iv) veto any sale or refinancing of the assets, or alternatively, to receive a specified preference on sale or refinancing proceeds and (v) exercise a right of first refusal on any desired sale or refinancing by the Program of its interest in the assets, except for transfer to an Affiliate of the Program. 
 (b) The Company shall have the authority to invest in Programs with other publicly registered Affiliates of the Company if all of the following conditions are met (i) the Affiliate and the Company have substantially identical investment objectives (ii) there are no duplicate fees to the Adviser or any of its Affiliates (iii) the compensation payable by the Program to the Adviser in each Company that invests in such Program is substantially identical (iv) each of the Company and the Affiliate has a right of first refusal to buy if the other party wishes to sell assets held in the joint venture (v) the investment of each of the Company and its Affiliate is on substantially the same terms and conditions and (vi) any prospectus of the Company in use or proposed to be used when such an investment has been made or is contemplated discloses the potential risk of impasse on joint venture decisions since neither the Company nor its Affiliate controls the Program, and the potential risk that while the Company or its Affiliate may have the right to buy the assets from the Program, it may not have the resources to do so. 
 (c) The Company shall have the authority to invest in Programs with Affiliates other than publicly registered Affiliates of the Company only if all of the following conditions are met (i) the investment is necessary to relieve the Adviser from any commitment to purchase the assets entered into in compliance with Section 10.1 prior to the closing of the offering period of the Company (ii) there are no duplicate fees to the Adviser or any of its affiliates (iii) the investment of each entity is on substantially the same terms and conditions (iv) the Company has a right of first refusal to buy if the Adviser wishes to sell assets held in the joint venture and (v) any prospectus of the Company in use or proposed to be used when such an investment has been made or is contemplated discloses the potential risk of impasse on joint venture decisions. 
 (d) The Company may be structured to conduct operations through separate single-purpose entities managed by the Adviser (multi-tier arrangements) provided , that the terms of any such arrangements do not result in the circumvention of any of the requirements or prohibitions contained herein or under applicable federal or state securities laws. Any agreements regarding such arrangements shall accompany any prospectus of the Company, if such agreement is then available, and the terms of such agreement shall contain provisions assuring that all of the following restrictions apply (i) there will be no duplication or increase in Organization and Offering Expenses, fees payable to the Adviser, program expenses or other fees and costs (ii) there will be no substantive alteration in the fiduciary and contractual relationship between the Adviser, the Company and the Shareholders and (iii) there will be no diminishment in the voting rights of the Shareholders. 
 26 

(e) Other than as specifically permitted in subsections (b), (c) and (d) above, the Company shall not invest in Programs with Affiliates. 
 (f) Unless otherwise permitted by the 1940 Act or applicable guidance or exemptive relief of the SEC, the Company shall be permitted to invest in general partnership interests of limited partnership Programs only if the Company, alone or together with any publicly registered Affiliate of the Company meeting the requirements of subsection (b) above, acquires a controlling interest as defined in subsection (a) above, the Adviser and its affiliates are not entitled to any duplicate fees, no additional compensation beyond that permitted under applicable law is paid to the Adviser, and the limited partnership Program agreement or other applicable agreement complies with this Section 9.3(f and Section V of the Omnibus Guidelines. 
 Section 9.4 Other Goods or Services. 
 (a) The Company may accept other goods or other services provided by the Adviser in connection with the operation of assets provided , that (i) the Adviser determines such self-dealing arrangement is in the best interest of the Company (ii) the terms pursuant to which all such goods or services are provided to the Company by the Adviser shall be embodied in a written contract, the material terms of which must be fully disclosed to the Shareholders in the Company s prospectus for the Shares (as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time) (iii) the written contract may only be modified by vote of a majority of then outstanding Shares and (iv) the contract shall contain a clause allowing termination without penalty on sixty (60) days prior notice. Without limitation to the foregoing, arrangements to provide such goods or other services must meet all of the following criteria (X) the Adviser must be independently engaged in the business of providing such goods or services to persons other than its Affiliates and at least thirty-three percent (33 of the Adviser s associated gross revenues must come from persons other than its Affiliates (Y) the compensation, price or fee charged for providing such goods or services must be comparable and competitive with the compensation, price or fee charged by persons other than the Adviser in the same geographic location who provide comparable goods or services which could reasonably be made available to the Company and (Z) except in extraordinary circumstances, the compensation and other material terms of the arrangement must be fully disclosed to the Shareholders in the Company s prospectus for the Shares (as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time). Extraordinary circumstances are limited to instances when immediate action is required and the goods or services are not immediately available from persons other than the Adviser. 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing subsection (a)(X), if the Adviser is not engaged in the business to the extent required by such clause, the Adviser may provide to the Company other goods or other services if all of the following additional conditions are met (i) the Adviser can demonstrate the capacity and capability to provide such goods or services on a competitive basis (ii) the goods or services are provided at the lesser of cost or the competitive rate charged by persons other than the Adviser in the same geographic location who are in the business of providing comparable goods or services (iii) the cost is limited to the reasonable necessary and actual expenses incurred by the Adviser on behalf of the Company in providing such goods or services, exclusive of expenses of the type which may not be reimbursed under applicable federal or state securities laws and (iv) expenses are allocated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and are made subject to any special audit required by applicable federal and state securities laws. 
 Section 9.5 Borrowing Money or Utilizing Leverage. The Trustees shall have the power to cause the Company to borrow money or otherwise obtain credit or utilize leverage to the maximum extent permitted by law or regulation as such may be needed from time to time and to secure the same by mortgaging, pledging or otherwise subjecting as security the assets of the Company, including the lending of portfolio securities, and to endorse, guarantee, or undertake the performance of any obligation, contract or engagement of any other person, firm, association or corporation. In addition and notwithstanding any other provision of this Declaration of Trust, the Company is hereby authorized to borrow funds, incur indebtedness and guarantee obligations of any Person, and in connection therewith, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Trustees, on behalf of the Company, are hereby authorized to pledge, hypothecate, mortgage, assign, transfer or grant security interests in or other liens on (i) the Shareholders subscription agreements and the Shareholders obligations to make Capital Contributions thereunder and hereunder, 
 27 

and (ii) any other assets, rights or remedies of the Company or of the Trustees hereunder or under the subscription agreements, including without limitation, the right to issue capital call notices and to exercise remedies upon a default by a Shareholder in the payment of its Capital Contributions and the right to receive Capital Contributions and other payments, subject to the terms hereof and thereof. Notwithstanding any provision in this Declaration of Trust, (i) the Company may borrow funds, incur indebtedness and enter into guarantees together with one or more Persons on a joint and several basis or on any other basis that the Board of Trustees, in its sole discretion, determines is fair and reasonable to the Company, and (ii) in connection with any borrowing, indebtedness or guarantee by the Company, all Capital Contributions shall be payable to the account of the Company designated by the Board of Trustees, which may be pledged to any lender or other credit party of the Company. All rights granted to a lender pursuant to this Section 9.5 shall apply to its agents and its successors and permitted assigns. 
 ARTICLE X CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
 Section10.1 Sales and Leases to Company. Unless otherwise permitted by the 1940 Act or applicable guidance or exemptive relief of the SEC, the Company shall not purchase or lease assets in which the Adviser or any Affiliate thereof has an interest unless all of the following conditions are met (a) the transaction occurs at the formation of the Company and is fully disclosed to the Shareholders either in a prospectus or periodic report filed with the SEC or otherwise and (b) the assets are sold or leased upon terms that are reasonable to the Company and at a price not to exceed the lesser of cost or fair market value as determined by an Independent Expert. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 10.1 , the Adviser may purchase assets in its own name (and assume loans in connection therewith) and temporarily hold title thereto, for the purposes of facilitating the acquisition of the assets, the borrowing of money, obtaining financing for the Company, or the completion of construction of the assets provided , that all of the following conditions are met (i) the assets are purchased by the Company at a price no greater than the cost of the assets to the Adviser (ii) all income generated by, and the expenses associated with, the assets so acquired shall be treated as belonging to the Company and (iii) there are no other benefits arising out of such transaction to the Adviser. 
 Section10.2 Sales and Leases to the Adviser, Trustees or Affiliates. Unless otherwise permitted by the 1940 Act or applicable guidance or exemptive relief of the SEC, the Company shall not sell assets to the Adviser or any Affiliate thereof unless such sale is duly approved by the holders of more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding voting securities of the Company. The Company shall not lease assets to the Adviser or any Trustee or Affiliate thereof unless all of the following conditions are met (i) the transaction occurs at the formation of the Company and is fully disclosed to the Shareholders either in a prospectus or periodic report filed with the SEC or otherwise and (ii) the terms of the transaction are fair and reasonable to the Company. 
 Section10.3 Loans. Except for the advancement of funds pursuant to Sections 7.3 and 7.4 , no loans, credit facilities, credit agreements or otherwise shall be made by the Company to the Adviser or any Affiliate thereof. 
 Section10.4 Commissions on Financing, Refinancing or Reinvestment. Unless otherwise permitted by the 1940 Act or applicable guidance or exemptive relief of the SEC, the Company shall not pay, directly or indirectly, a commission or fee to the Adviser or any Affiliate thereof (except as otherwise specified in this Article X in connection with the reinvestment of cash available for distribution and available reserves or of the proceeds of the resale, exchange or refinancing of assets. 
 Section10.5 Rebates, Kickbacks and Reciprocal Arrangements. The Company shall cause the Adviser to agree that it shall not receive or accept any rebate or give-ups or similar arrangement that is prohibited under applicable federal or state securities laws. The Company shall cause the Adviser to agree that it shall not participate in any reciprocal business arrangement that would circumvent provisions of applicable federal or state securities laws governing conflicts of interest or investment restrictions, or enter into any agreement, arrangement or understanding that would circumvent the restrictions against dealing with affiliates or promoters under applicable federal or state securities laws, or that would circumvent the restrictions of the Omnibus Guidelines. The Company shall cause the Adviser to agree that it shall not directly or indirectly pay or award any fees or commissions or other compensation to any 
 28 

Person engaged to sell Shares or give investment advice to a potential Shareholder provided , however , that this Section 10.5 shall not prohibit the payment to a registered broker-dealer or other properly licensed agent of normal sales commissions or other compensation (including cash compensation and non-cash compensation (as such terms are defined under FINRA Rule 2310)) for selling or distributing Shares, including out of the Adviser s own assets, including those amounts paid to the Adviser under the Advisory Agreement. 
 Section10.6 Reserved. 
 Section10.7 Other Transactions. Unless otherwise permitted by the 1940 Act or applicable guidance or exemptive relief of the SEC, the Company shall not engage in any other transaction with the Adviser or a Trustee or Affiliate thereof unless (a) such transaction complies with all applicable law and (b) a majority of the Trustees (including a majority of the Independent Trustees) not otherwise interested in such transaction approve such transaction as fair and reasonable to the Company and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Company than those available from non-Affiliated third parties. 
 Section10.8 Lending Practices. On financings made available to the Company by the Adviser, the Adviser may not receive interest in excess of the lesser of the Adviser s cost of funds or the amounts that would be charged by unrelated lending institutions on comparable loans for the same purpose. The Adviser shall not impose a prepayment charge or penalty in connection with such financings and the Adviser shall not receive points or other financing charges. The Adviser shall be prohibited from providing permanent financing for the Company. For purposes of this Section 10.8 , permanent financing shall mean any financing with a term in excess of twelve (12) months. 
 ARTICLE XI SHAREHOLDERS 
 Section11.1 Certain Voting Rights of Shareholders. 
 (a) Subject to the provisions of any class or series of Shares then outstanding and the mandatory provisions of any applicable laws or regulations and subject to the other provisions of this Declaration of Trust (including Section 6.2 ), the following actions may be taken by the Shareholders, without concurrence by the Board of Trustees, upon a vote by the holders of more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding Shares of the Company entitled to vote on the matters 
 (i) modify this Declaration of Trust in accordance with Article VI hereof 
 (ii) remove the Adviser and appoint a new Adviser pursuant to the procedures in Section 8.4 or 
 (iii) sell all or substantially all of the Company assets other than in the ordinary course of the Company s business. 
 (b) Without the approval of Shareholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, or such other approval as may be required under the mandatory provisions of any applicable laws or regulations, or other provisions of this Declaration of Trust, the Company shall not permit the Adviser to 
 (i) modify this Declaration of Trust except for amendments which do not adversely affect the rights of Shareholders 
 (ii) appoint a new Adviser (other than a sub-adviser pursuant to the terms of an Advisory Agreement and applicable law) 
 (iii) sell all or substantially all of the Company s assets other than in the ordinary course of the Company s business or as otherwise permitted by law or 
 29 

(iv) except as permitted under the Advisory Agreement, voluntarily withdraw as the Adviser unless such withdrawal would not affect the tax status of the Company and would not materially adversely affect the Shareholders. 
 Section11.2 Voting Limitations on Shares Held by the Adviser, Trustees and Affiliates. With respect to Shares owned by the Adviser, any Trustees, or any of their respective Affiliates, neither the Adviser, nor such Trustee(s), nor any of their Affiliates may vote or consent on matters submitted to the Shareholders regarding the removal of the Adviser, such Trustee(s) or any of their Affiliates or any transaction between the Company and any of them. In determining the requisite percentage in interest of Shares necessary to approve a matter on which the Adviser, such Trustee(s) and any of their Affiliates may not vote or consent, any Shares owned by any of them shall not be included. 
 Section11.3 Right of Inspection. 
 (a) Any Shareholder with any purpose reasonably related to the Shareholder s interest as a beneficial owner of the Company (a proper purpose may (i) in person or by agent, on written request, inspect and obtain copies at all reasonable times the Company s books and records and ledger and (ii) present to any officer of the Company or its resident agent a written request for a statement of its affairs. 
 (b) Any Shareholder with proper purpose may in the event the Company does not maintain the original or a duplicate ledger at its principal office, present to any officer or resident agent of the Company a written request for the Shareholder List. As used in this Section 11.3 , the term Shareholder List means an alphabetical list of names, addresses and business telephone numbers of the Shareholders of the Company along with the number of equity shares held by each of them. 
 (c) A copy of the Shareholder List, requested in accordance with this Section 11.3 , shall be mailed within ten (10) days of the request and shall be printed in alphabetical order, on white paper, and in readily readable type size (no smaller than 10-point font). The Shareholder List shall be updated at least quarterly to reflect changes in the information contained therein. 
 (d) The Company may impose a reasonable charge for expenses incurred in reproduction pursuant to the Shareholder request. A holder of Common Shares may request a copy of the Shareholder List in connection with matters relating to Shareholders voting rights, the exercise of Shareholder rights under federal proxy laws or for any other proper purpose. Each Shareholder who receives a copy of the Shareholder List shall keep such list confidential and shall sign a confidentiality agreement to the effect that such Shareholder will keep the Shareholder List confidential and share such list only with its employees, representatives or agents who agree in writing to maintain the confidentiality of the Shareholder List. 
 (e) If the Adviser or Trustees neglect or refuse to exhibit, produce or mail a copy of the Shareholder List as requested, the Adviser and the Trustees shall be liable to any Shareholder requesting the list for the costs, including attorneys fees, incurred by that Shareholder for compelling the production of the Shareholder List, and for actual damages suffered by any Shareholder by reason of such refusal or neglect. It shall be a defense that the actual purpose and reason for the requests for inspection or for a copy of the Shareholder List is to secure such list of Shareholders or other information for the purpose of selling such list or copies thereof, or of using the same for a commercial purpose other than in the interest of the applicant as a Shareholder relative to the affairs of the Company. The Company may require the Shareholder requesting the Shareholder List to represent that the list is not requested for a commercial purpose unrelated to the Shareholder s interest in the Company. The remedies provided hereunder to Shareholders requesting copies of the Shareholder List are in addition, to and shall not in any way limit, other remedies available to Shareholders under federal law, or the laws of any state. 
 Section11.4 Shareholder Reports. 
 (a) The Trustees, including the Independent Trustees, shall take reasonable steps to insure that the Company shall cause to be prepared and delivered or made available by any reasonable means, including an electronic medium, to each Shareholder as of a record date after the end of the fiscal 
 30 

year within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of the fiscal year to which it relates an annual report for each fiscal year ending after the commencement of the Company s initial public offering that shall include (i) financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP that are audited and reported on by independent certified public accountants (ii) a report of the activities of the Company during the period covered by the report and (iii) where forecasts have been provided to the Shareholders, a table comparing the forecasts previously provided with the actual results during the period covered by the report and (iv) a report setting forth distributions to Shareholders for the period covered thereby and separately identifying distributions from (A) Cash Flow from operations during the period (B) Cash Flow from operations during a prior period which have been held as reserves (C) proceeds from disposition of assets of the Company and (D) reserves from the gross proceeds of the offering originally obtained from the Shareholders. Such annual report must also contain a breakdown of the costs reimbursed to the Adviser. 
 (b) The Trustees, including the Independent Trustees, shall take reasonable steps to ensure that the Company shall cause to be prepared and filed, as well as delivered or made available to Shareholders, within sixty (60) days after the end of each fiscal quarter of the Company, a Form 10-Q if required under the Exchange Act. 
 (c) The Trustees, including the Independent Trustees, shall take reasonable steps to ensure that the Company shall cause to be prepared and delivered or made available within seventy-five (75) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company to each Person who was at any time during such fiscal year a Shareholder all information necessary for the preparation of the Shareholders federal income tax returns. 
 (d) If Shares have been purchased on a deferred payment basis, on which there remains an unpaid balance during any period covered by any report required by subsections (a) and (b) above then such report shall contain a detailed statement of the status of all deferred payments, actions taken by the Company in response to any defaults, and a discussion and analysis of the impact on capital requirements of the Company. 
 (e) The Board of Trustees shall cause the Company, upon request from any state official or agency or official administering the securities laws of such state (a State Administrator ), to submit to such State Administrator the reports and statements required to be distributed to Shareholders pursuant to this Section 11.4 . 
 Section11.5 Suitability of Shareholders. 
 (a) Investor Suitability Standards . During any public offering of its Shares and until the earlier of a Liquidity Event or the date the Company is no longer subject to the Omnibus Guidelines, the Company and those selling Shares on its behalf shall, with respect to Share offers and sales in which they are broker of record, assure that such Shares are offered and sold pursuant only to prospective investors who, in each case, meet the income and Net Worth Suitability Standards as specified in the Company s prospectus for the Shares (as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time) and the Omnibus Guidelines. The Company and the Sponsor will take every commercially reasonable step to ensure that the Sponsor and those selling Shares on the Sponsor s or Company s behalf will make every commercially reasonable effort to determine that the purchase of Shares is a suitable and appropriate investment for each Shareholder. 
 (b) The Sponsor or each Person selling Common Shares on behalf of the Company shall make this determination on the basis of information it has obtained from a prospective Shareholder. Relevant information for this purpose will include at least the age, investment objectives, investment experience, income, net worth, financial situation and other investments of the prospective Shareholder, as well as any other pertinent factors. 
 (c) The Sponsor or each Person selling Common Shares on behalf of the Company shall maintain records of the information used to determine that an investment in Common Shares is suitable and appropriate for a Shareholder. The Sponsor or each Person selling Common Shares on behalf of the Company shall maintain these records for at least six years. 
 31 

Section11.6 Other Agreements. Consistent with applicable law (including the 1940 Act), the Company, the Adviser and or Affiliates of the Adviser may negotiate agreements Side Letters with certain Shareholders that will result in different investment terms than the terms applicable to other Shareholders and that may have the effect of establishing rights under, or altering or supplementing the terms of, this Declaration of Trust or disclosure contained in any offering document of the Shares. As a result of such Side Letters, certain Shareholders may receive additional benefits which other Shareholders will not receive. Unless agreed otherwise in the Side Letter, in general, the Company, the Adviser and affiliates of the Adviser will not be required to notify any or all of the other Shareholders of any such Side Letters or any of the rights and or terms or provisions thereof, nor will the Company, the Adviser or affiliates of the Adviser be required to offer such additional and or different rights and or terms to any or all of the other Shareholders. The Company, the Adviser and or affiliates of the Adviser may enter into such Side Letters with any Shareholder as each may determine in its sole discretion at any time. The other Shareholders will have no recourse against the Company, the Trustees, the Adviser and or any of their affiliates in the event certain investors receive additional and or different rights and or terms as a result of Side Letters. Any such exceptions or departures contained in any Side Letter with a Shareholder shall govern with respect to such Shareholder notwithstanding the provisions of the Declaration of Trust (including with respect to amendments to this Declaration of Trust) or any applicable subscription agreements. 
 ARTICLE XII ROLL-UP TRANSACTIONS 
 Section12.1 Roll-up Transactions. In connection with any proposed Roll-Up Transaction, an appraisal of all of the Company s assets shall be obtained from a competent Independent Expert. If an appraisal will be included in a prospectus used to offer the securities of a Roll-Up Entity, such appraisal shall be filed with the SEC and the state securities administrators as an exhibit to the registration statement. The Company s assets shall be appraised on a consistent basis, and the appraisal shall be based on the evaluation of all relevant information and shall indicate the value of the assets as of a date immediately prior to the announcement of the proposed Roll-Up Transaction. The appraisal shall assume an orderly liquidation of the assets over a twelve-month period. The terms of the engagement of the Independent Expert shall clearly state that the engagement is for the benefit of the Company and the Shareholders. A summary of the appraisal, indicating all material assumptions underlying the appraisal, shall be included in a report to Shareholders in connection with a proposed Roll-Up Transaction. In connection with a proposed Roll-Up Transaction, the Person sponsoring the Roll-Up Transaction shall offer to Shareholders who vote against the proposed Roll-Up Transaction the choice of 
 (a) accepting the securities of a Roll-Up Entity offered in the proposed Roll-Up Transaction or 
 (b) one of the following 
 (i) remaining as Shareholders and preserving their interests therein on the same terms and conditions as existed previously or 
 (ii) receiving cash in an amount equal to the Shareholder s pro rata share of the appraised value of the net assets of the Company. 
 The Company is prohibited from participating in any proposed Roll-Up Transaction 
 (a) that would result in the Shareholders having voting rights in a Roll-Up Entity that are less than the democracy and other voting rights provided for in Sections 11.1 , 11.2 and 13.3 hereof or Section 3(b) of Article II of the Company s Bylaws 
 (b) that includes provisions that would operate as a material impediment to, or frustration of, the accumulation of capital stock by any purchaser of the securities of the Roll-Up Entity (except to the minimum extent necessary to preserve the tax status of the Roll-Up Entity), or which would limit the ability of an investor to exercise the voting rights of its securities of the Roll-Up Entity on the basis of the capital stock held by that investor 
 32 

(c) in which investor s rights to access of records of the Roll-Up Entity will be less than those described in Section 11.3 hereof or 
 (d) in which any of the costs of the Roll-Up Transaction would be borne by the Company if the Roll-Up Transaction is rejected by the Shareholders. 
 ARTICLE XIII DURATION OF THE COMPANY 
 Section13.1 Duration of the Company. The Company shall continue perpetually unless terminated pursuant to the provisions contained herein or pursuant to any applicable provision of the Statutory Trust Act. 
 Section13.2 Reserved. 
 Section13.3 Dissolution by Shareholder Vote. The Company may be dissolved at any time, without the necessity for concurrence by the Board, upon affirmative vote by the holders of more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding Shares entitled to vote on the matter. 
 Section13.4 Liquidation. Upon dissolution of the Company, the Board of Trustees shall cause the Company to liquidate and wind-up in a manner consistent with Section 3808 of the Statutory Trust Act, including the distribution to the Shareholders of any assets of the Company. Upon dissolution and the completion of the winding up of the affairs of the Company, the Company shall be terminated by the executing and filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware by one or more Trustees of a certificate of cancellation of the certificate of trust of the Company. 
 Section13.5 Merger or Other Reorganization of the Company. Except for mergers or other reorganization of the Company permissible under Section 4.10 , the Company may not permit the Adviser to cause the merger or other reorganization of the Company without the affirmative vote by the holders of more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding Shares of the Company entitled to vote on the matter. 
 ARTICLE XIV MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section14.1 Construction and Governing Law. 
 (a) This Declaration of Trust and the Bylaws, in combination, shall constitute the governing instrument of the Company, however to the extent that any provision of the Bylaws conflicts with this Declaration of Trust, the terms of this Declaration of Trust shall control. This Declaration of Trust and the Bylaws, and the rights and obligations of the Delaware Trustee, the Trustees and Shareholders hereunder, shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the Statutory Trust Act and the laws of the State of Delaware. 
 (b) This Declaration of Trust hereby amends and restates, and supersedes in its entirety, the Declaration of Trust of the Company dated May 13, 2022. 
 (c) To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Shareholders, the Delaware Trustee and the Trustees of the Company shall be deemed to have waived any non-mandatory rights of beneficial owners or trustees under the Statutory Trust Act or general trust law and that the Company, the Shareholders, the Delaware Trustee and the Trustees shall not be subject to any applicable provisions of law pertaining to trusts that, in a manner inconsistent with the express terms of this Declaration of Trust or Bylaws, relate to or regulate (i) the filing with any court or governmental body or agency of trustee accounts or schedules of trustee fees and charges, (ii) affirmative requirements to post bonds for trustees, officers, agents or employees of a trust, (iii) the necessity for obtaining court or other governmental approval concerning the acquisition, holding or disposition of real or personal property, (iv) fees or other sums payable to trustees, officers, agents or employees of a trust, (v) the allocation of receipts and expenditures to income or principal, (vi) restrictions or limitations on the permissible nature, amount or 
 33 

concentration of trust investments or requirements relating to the titling, storage or other manner of holding or investing trust assets, or (vii) the establishment of fiduciary or other standards or responsibilities or limitations on the acts or powers of trustees, which are inconsistent with the limitations or liabilities or authorities and powers of Trustees as set forth or referenced in this Declaration of Trust. 
 (d) Sections 3540, 3542 and 3561 of Title 12 of the Statutory Trust Act shall not apply to the Company. 
 Section14.2 Conflicts of Law. To the extent that any provision of the Statutory Trust Act or any provision of this Declaration of Trust or Bylaws conflicts with any provision of the 1940 Act, the applicable provision of the 1940 Act shall control provided , however , that such conflict shall not affect any of the remaining provisions of this Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws or render invalid or improper any action taken or omitted prior to such determination. If any provision of this Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws shall be held invalid or unenforceable in any, the invalidity or unenforceability shall attach only to such provision in such jurisdiction and shall not in any manner affect such provision in any other jurisdiction or any other provision of this Declaration of Trust in any jurisdiction. 
 Section14.3 Derivative Actions. 
 (a) No Person, other than a Trustee, who is not a Shareholder shall be entitled to bring any derivative action, suit or other proceeding on behalf of the Company. No Shareholder may maintain a derivative action on behalf of the Company unless holders of at least ten percent (10 of the outstanding Shares join in the bringing of such action. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, this Section 14.3(a) shall not apply to any claims asserted under the U.S. federal securities laws, including, without limitation, the 1940 Act, and Washington state securities laws. 
 (b) In addition to the requirements set forth in Section 3816 of the Statutory Trust Act, a Shareholder may bring a derivative action on behalf of the Company only if the following conditions are met (i) the Shareholder or Shareholders must make a pre-suit demand upon the Trustees to bring the subject action unless an effort to cause the Trustees to bring such an action is not likely to succeed and a demand on the Trustees shall only be deemed not likely to succeed and therefore excused if a majority of the Trustees, or a majority of any committee established to consider the merits of such action, is composed of Trustees who are not independent trustees (as that term is defined in the Statutory Trust Act) and (ii) unless a demand is not required under clause (i) of this paragraph, the Trustees must be afforded a reasonable amount of time to consider such Shareholder request and to investigate the basis of such claim and the Trustees shall be entitled to retain counsel or other advisors in considering the merits of the request and may require an undertaking by the Shareholders making such request to reimburse the Company for the expense of any such advisors in the event that the Trustees determine not to bring such action. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, this Section 14.3 shall not apply to any claims asserted under the U.S. federal securities laws including, without limitation, the 1940 Act, and Washington state securities laws. 
 Section14.4 Direct Actions. To the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, the Shareholders right to bring direct actions against the Company and or its Trustees is eliminated, except for a direct action to enforce an individual Shareholder right to vote or a direct action to enforce an individual Shareholder s rights under Sections 3805(e) or 3819 of the Statutory Trust Act. To the extent such right cannot be eliminated to this extent as a matter of Delaware law, then the conditions required for the bringing of a derivative action pursuant to Section 14.3 of this Declaration of Trust and Section 3816 of the Statutory Trust Act shall be equally applicable to bringing a direct action. 
 Section14.5 Agreement to be Bound. EVERY PERSON, BY VIRTUE OF HAVING BECOME A SHAREHOLDER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS DECLARATION OF TRUST AND THE BYLAWS, AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE EXPRESSLY ASSENTED AND AGREED TO THE TERMS OF, AND SHALL BE BOUND BY, THIS DECLARATION OF TRUST AND THE BYLAWS. 
 34 

Section14.6 Commingling of Assets. The funds of the Company shall not be commingled with the funds of any other person and the Company funds will be protected from the claims of affiliated companies (including, for the avoidance of doubt, creditors of such companies). 
 Section14.7 Anti-Money Laundering Law. The parties hereto acknowledge that in accordance with laws, regulations and executive orders of the United States or any state or political subdivision thereof as are in effect from time to time applicable to financial institutions relating to the funding of terrorist activities and money laundering, including without limitation the USA Patriot Act (Pub. L. 107-56) and regulations promulgated by the Office of Foreign Asset Control (collectively, AML Law ), the Delaware Trustee is required to obtain, verify, and record information relating to individuals and entities that establish a business relationship or open an account with the Delaware Trustee. Each Party hereby agrees that it shall provide the Delaware Trustee with such identifying information and documentation as the Delaware Trustee may request from time to time in order to enable the Delaware Trustee to comply with all applicable requirements of AML Law. 
 Section14.8 Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES ITS RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS DECLARATION OF TRUST OR THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF. THE SCOPE OF THIS WAIVER IS INTENDED TO BE ALL-ENCOMPASSING OF ANY AND ALL DISPUTES THAT MIGHT BE FILED IN ANY COURT AND THAT MAY RELATE TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS DECLARATION OF TRUST, INCLUDING ALL COMMON LAW AND STATUTORY CLAIMS. EACH PARTY FURTHER REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT IT HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS LEGAL COUNSEL AND THAT IT KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION WITH SUCH LEGAL COUNSEL. THIS WAIVER IS IRREVOCABLE, MEANING THAT IT MAY NOT BE MODIFIED EITHER ORALLY OR IN WRITING, AND THE WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, MODIFICATIONS, SUPPLEMENTS OR RESTATEMENTS HEREOF. IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, THIS DECLARATION OF TRUST MAY BE FILED AS A WRITTEN CONSENT TO A TRIAL BY THE COURT. 
 Section14.9 Delivery by Electronic Transmission or Otherwise Execution. Any notice, proxy, vote, consent, report, instrument or writing of any kind or any signature referenced in, or contemplated by, this Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws may, in the sole discretion of the Trustees, be given, granted or otherwise delivered by electronic transmission (within the meaning of the Statutory Trust Act), including via the internet, or in any other manner permitted by applicable law. This Declaration of Trust shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party only when executed and delivered by an authorized individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) any electronic signature permitted by the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including relevant provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code (collectively, Signature Law ), (ii) an original manual signature, or (iii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature. Each electronic signature or faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. For avoidance of doubt, original manual signatures shall be used for execution or indorsement of writings when required under the Uniform Commercial Code or other Signature Law due to the character or intended character of the writings. This Declaration of Trust may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank signature page follows 
 35 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Declaration of Trust to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written. 
 TRUSTEES 
 s David B. Golub Name David B. Golub 
 s Christopher C. Ericson Name Christopher C. Ericson 
 s John T. Baily Name John T. Baily 
 s Kenneth F. Bernstein Name Kenneth F. Bernstein 
 s Lofton P. Holder Name Lofton P. Holder 
 s Anita J. Rival Name Anita J. Rival 
 s William M. Webster IV Name William M. Webster IV 
 DELAWARE TRUSTEE 
 COMPUTERSHARE DELAWARE TRUST COMPANY 
 By s Rosemary Kennard Name Rosemary Kennard Title Vice President 
 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of Golub Capital Private Credit Fund 

</EX-3.3>

<EX-4.3>
 3
 gcred-fy2310xkexhibit43.htm
 EX-4.3

Document 

Exhibit 4.3 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 
 For purposes of this exhibit, references to we, our and us refer only to Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and not to any of its current or future subsidiaries and references to subsidiaries refer only to consolidated subsidiaries of and exclude any investments held by Golub Capital Private Credit Fund in the ordinary course of business which are not, under GAAP, consolidated on the financial statements of Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and its subsidiaries. 
 
 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this Description of Securities is attached as an exhibit. 
 
 The following description is based on relevant portions of our declaration of trust (the Declaration of Trust) and bylaws, each of which is filed as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.3 is a part. This summary is not necessarily complete, and we refer you to the Declaration of Trust and bylaws for a more detailed description of the provisions summarized below. 
 
 General 
 
 The terms of the Declaration of Trust authorize an unlimited number of common shares of any class, par value 0.01 per share, and an unlimited number of shares of preferred shares, par value 0.01 per share. The Declaration of Trust provides that the board of trustees may classify or reclassify any unissued common shares into one or more classes or series of common shares or preferred shares by setting or changing the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, or limitations as to dividends, qualifications, or terms or conditions of redemption of the shares. There is currently no market for our common shares, and we can offer no assurances that a market for our shares will develop in the future. We do not intend for the shares to be listed on any national securities exchange. There are no outstanding options or warrants to purchase our shares. No shares have been authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plans. Under the terms of our Declaration of Trust, shareholders shall be entitled to the same limited liability extended to shareholders of private Delaware for profit corporations formed under the Delaware General Corporation Law, 8 Del. C. 100, et. seq. Our Declaration of Trust provides that no shareholder shall be liable for any debt, claim, demand, judgment or obligation of any kind of, against or with respect to us by reason of being a shareholder, nor shall any shareholder be subject to any personal liability whatsoever, in tort, contract or otherwise, to any person in connection with our assets or our affairs by reason of being a shareholder. 
 
 None of our shares are subject to further calls or to assessments, sinking fund provisions, obligations of us or potential liabilities associated with ownership of the security (not including investment risks). In addition, except as may be provided by the board of trustees in setting the terms of any class or series of common shares, no shareholder shall be entitled to exercise appraisal rights in connection with any transaction. 
 
 The following are our outstanding classes of securities as of September 30, 2023 
 
 Title of Class Amount Authorized Amount Held by us for its Account Amount Outstanding as of September 30, 2023 
 Class S Unlimited Class D Unlimited Class I Unlimited 26,133,510.522 

1 

Common Shares 
 
 Under the terms of our Declaration of Trust, all common shares will have equal rights as to voting and, when they are issued, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Dividends and distributions may be paid to the holders of our common shares if, as and when authorized by our board of trustees and declared by us out of funds legally available therefore. Except as may be provided by our board of trustees in setting the terms of classified or reclassified shares, our common shares will have no preemptive, exchange, conversion, appraisal or redemption rights and will be freely transferable, except where their transfer is restricted by federal and state securities laws or by contract and except that, in order to avoid the possibility that our assets could be treated as plan assets, we may require any person proposing to acquire common shares to furnish such information as may be necessary to determine whether such person is a benefit plan investor or a controlling person, restrict or prohibit transfers of such shares or redeem any outstanding shares for such price and on such other terms and conditions as may be determined by or at the direction of the board of trustees. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each share of our common shares would be entitled to share pro rata in all of our assets that are legally available for distribution after we pay all debts and other liabilities and subject to any preferential rights of holders of our preferred shares, if any preferred shares are outstanding at such time. Subject to the rights of holders of any other class or series of shares, each share of our common shares will be entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders, including the election of trustees. Except as may be provided by the board of trustees in setting the terms of classified or reclassified shares, and subject to the express terms of any class or series of preferred shares, the holders of our common shares will possess exclusive voting power. There will be no cumulative voting in the election of trustees. Subject to the special rights of the holders of any class or series of preferred shares to elect trustees, each trustee will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast with respect to such trustee s election except in the case of a contested election (as defined in our bylaws), in which case trustees will be elected by a majority of the votes cast in the contested election of trustees. Pursuant to our Declaration of Trust, our board of trustees may amend the bylaws to alter the vote required to elect trustees. 
 
 Class S Shares 
 
 No upfront selling commissions are paid for sales of any Class S shares, however, if you purchase Class S shares from certain financial intermediaries, they may directly charge you transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, in such amount as they may determine, provided that selling agents limit such charges to a 3.5 cap on the net offering price for Class S shares. 
 
 We pay the Managing Dealer selling commissions over time as a shareholder servicing and or distribution fee with respect to our outstanding Class S shares equal to 0.85 per annum of the aggregate NAV of our outstanding Class S shares, including any Class S shares issued pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan. The shareholder servicing and or distribution fees are paid monthly in arrears. The Managing Dealer reallows (pays) all or a portion of the shareholder servicing and or distribution fees to participating brokers and servicing brokers for ongoing shareholder services performed by such brokers, and will waive shareholder servicing and or distribution fees to the extent a broker is not eligible to receive it for failure to provide such services. 
 
 Class D Shares 
 
 No upfront selling commissions are paid for sales of any Class D shares, however, if you purchase Class D shares from certain financial intermediaries, they may directly charge you transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, in such amount as they may determine, provided that selling agents limit such charges to a 1.5 cap on the net offering price for Class D shares. 
 
 We pay the Managing Dealer selling commissions over time as a shareholder servicing and or distribution fee with respect to our outstanding Class D shares equal to 0.25 per annum of the aggregate NAV of all our outstanding Class D shares, including any Class D shares issued pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan. The shareholder servicing and or distribution fees are paid monthly in arrears. The Managing Dealer reallows (pays) all or a portion of the shareholder servicing and or distribution fees to participating brokers and servicing brokers for ongoing 
 2 

shareholder services performed by such brokers, and will waive shareholder servicing and or distribution fees to the extent a broker is not eligible to receive it for failure to provide such services. 
 
 Class D shares are generally available for purchase in this offering only (1) through fee-based programs, also known as wrap accounts, that provide access to Class D shares, (2) through participating brokers that have alternative fee arrangements with their clients to provide access to Class D shares, (3) through transaction brokerage platforms at participating brokers, (4) through certain registered investment advisers, (5) through bank trust departments or any other organization or person authorized to act in a fiduciary capacity for its clients or customers or (6) by other categories of investors that we name in an amendment or supplement to a prospectus. 
 
 Class I Shares 
 
 No upfront selling commissions or shareholder servicing and or distribution fees are paid for sales of any Class I shares and financial intermediaries will not charge you transaction or other such fees on Class I Shares. 
 
 Class I shares are generally available for purchase only (1) through fee-based programs, also known as wrap accounts, that provide access to Class I shares, (2) by endowments, foundations, pension funds and other institutional investors, (3) through participating brokers that have alternative fee arrangements with their clients to provide access to Class I shares, (4) through certain registered investment advisers, (5) by our executive officers and trustees and their immediate family members, as well as officers and employees of the Investment Adviser, Golub Capital or other affiliates and their immediate family members, and joint venture partners, consultants and other service providers or (6) by other categories of investors that we name in an amendment or supplement to a prospectus. In certain cases, where a holder of Class S or Class D shares exits a relationship with a participating broker and does not enter into a new relationship with a participating broker, such holder s shares may be exchanged into an equivalent NAV amount of Class I shares. 
 
 Other Terms of Common Shares 
 
 We will cease paying the shareholder servicing and or distribution fees on the Class S shares and Class D shares on the earlier to occur of the following (i) a listing of Class I shares, (ii) our merger or consolidation with or into another entity, or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets or (iii) the date following the completion of a offering on which, in the aggregate, underwriting compensation from all sources in connection with a offering, including the shareholder servicing and or distribution fees and other underwriting compensation, is equal to 10 of the gross proceeds from the offering. In addition, consistent with the exemptive relief we have applied for that would allow us to offer multiple classes of shares, at the end of the month in which the Managing Dealer in conjunction with the transfer agent determines that total transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, and shareholder servicing and or distribution fees paid with respect to the shares held in a shareholder s account would exceed, in the aggregate, 10 of the gross proceeds from the sale of such shares (or a lower limit as determined by the Managing Dealer or the applicable selling agent), we will cease paying the shareholder servicing and or distribution fees on the Class S shares and Class D shares in such shareholder s account. Compensation paid with respect to the shares in a shareholder s account will be allocated among each share such that the compensation paid with respect to each individual share will not exceed 10 of the offering price of such share. We may modify this requirement in a manner that is consistent with applicable exemptive relief. At the end of such month, the Class S shares or Class D shares in such shareholder s account will convert into a number of Class I shares (including any fractional shares), with an equivalent aggregate NAV as such Class S or Class D shares. In addition, immediately before any liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each Class S share and Class D share will automatically convert into a number of Class I shares (including any fractional shares) with an equivalent NAV as such share. 
 
 Preferred Shares 
 
 Under the terms of the Declaration of Trust, our board of trustees may authorize us to issue preferred shares in one or more classes or series without shareholder approval, to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. The board of trustees has the power to fix the preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as 
 3 

to dividends and other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption of each class or series of preferred shares. We do not currently anticipate issuing preferred shares in the near future. In the event we issue preferred shares, we will make any required disclosure to shareholders. We will not offer preferred shares to the Investment Adviser or our affiliates except on the same terms as offered to all other shareholders. 
 
 Preferred shares could be issued with terms that would adversely affect the shareholders, provided that we may not issue any preferred shares that would limit or subordinate the voting rights of holders of our common shares. Preferred shares could also be used as an anti-takeover device through the issuance of shares of a class or series of preferred shares with terms and conditions which could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control. Every issuance of preferred shares will be required to comply with the requirements of the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act requires, among other things, that (1) immediately after issuance and before any dividend or other distribution is made with respect to common shares and before any purchase of common shares is made, such preferred shares together with all other senior securities must not exceed an amount equal to 50 of our total assets after deducting the amount of such dividend, distribution or purchase price, as the case may be, and (2) the holders of shares of preferred shares, if any are issued, must be entitled as a class voting separately to elect two trustees at all times and to elect a majority of the trustees if distributions on such preferred shares are in arrears by two full years or more. Certain matters under the 1940 Act require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of preferred shares (as determined in accordance with the 1940 Act) voting together as a separate class. For example, the vote of such holders of preferred shares would be required to approve a proposal involving a plan of reorganization adversely affecting such securities. 
 
 The issuance of any preferred shares must be approved by a majority of our independent trustees not otherwise interested in the transaction, who will have access, at our expense, to our legal counsel or to independent legal counsel. 
 
 Limitation on Liability of Trustees and Officers Indemnification and Advance of Expenses 
 
 Delaware law permits a Delaware statutory trust to include in its declaration of trust a provision to indemnify and hold harmless any trustee or beneficial owner or other person from and against any and all claims and demands whatsoever. Our Declaration of Trust provides that our trustees will not be liable to us or our shareholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a trustee to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Our Declaration of Trust provides for the indemnification of any person to the full extent permitted, and in the manner provided, by Delaware law. In accordance with the 1940 Act, we will not indemnify certain persons for any liability to which such persons would be subject by reason of such person s willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of his office. 
 
 Pursuant to our Declaration of Trust and subject to certain exceptions described therein, we will indemnify and, without requiring a preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification, pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to (i) any individual who is a present or former trustee or officer and who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity or (ii) any individual who, while a trustee or officer and at our request , serves or has served as a trustee, officer, partner or trustee of any corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise and who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity (each such person, an Indemnitee ), in each case to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we will not provide indemnification for any loss, liability or expense arising from or out of an alleged violation of federal or state securities laws by an Indemnitee unless (i) there has been a successful adjudication on the merits of each count involving alleged securities law violations, (ii) such claims have been dismissed with prejudice on the merits by a court of competent jurisdiction, or (iii) a court of competent jurisdiction approves a settlement of the claims against the Indemnitee and finds that indemnification of the settlement and the related costs should be made and the court considering the request for indemnification has been advised of the position of the SEC and of the published position of any state securities regulatory authority in which securities were offered or sold as to indemnification for violations of securities laws. 
 
 4 

We will not indemnify an Indemnitee against any liability or loss suffered by such Indemnitee unless (i) we determine in good faith that the course of conduct that caused the loss or liability was in our best interest, (ii) the Indemnitee was acting on behalf of or performing services for us, (iii) such liability or loss was not the result of (A) negligence or misconduct, in the case that the party seeking indemnification is a trustee (other than an independent trustee), officer, employee, controlling person or agent, or (B) gross negligence or willful misconduct, in the case that the party seeking indemnification is an independent trustee, and (iv) such indemnification or agreement to hold harmless is recoverable only out of our assets and not from the shareholders. 
 
 Number of Trustees Vacancies Removal 
 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that the number of trustees will be set by our board of trustees in accordance with our bylaws. Our bylaws provide that a majority of our entire board of trustees may at any time increase or decrease the number of trustees. Our Declaration of Trust provides that the number of trustees generally may not be less than three. Except as otherwise required by applicable requirements of the 1940 Act and as may be provided by our board of trustees in setting the terms of any class or series of preferred shares, pursuant to an election under our Declaration of Trust, any and all vacancies on our board of trustees may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining trustees in office, even if the remaining trustees do not constitute a quorum, and any trustee elected to fill a vacancy will serve for the remainder of the full term of the trustee for whom the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualified, subject to any applicable requirements of the 1940 Act. 
 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that a trustee may be removed only for cause and only by a majority of the remaining trustees (or in the case of the removal of a trustee that is not an interested person, a majority of the remaining trustees that are not interested persons) followed by the holders of at least seventy-five percent (75 of the shares then entitled to vote in an election of such trustee. Our Declaration of Trust provides that, notwithstanding the foregoing provision, any trustee may be removed with or without cause upon the vote of a majority of then-outstanding shares. 
 
 Our board of trustees is comprised of a total of seven members of our board of trustees, five of whom are independent trustees except for a period of up to 60 days after the death, removal or resignation of an independent trustee pending the election of his or her successor. Each trustee will hold office until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified. While we do not intend to list our shares on any securities exchange, if any class of our shares is listed on a national securities exchange, our board of trustees will be divided into three classes of trustees serving staggered terms of three years each. 
 
 Action by Shareholders 
 
 Our bylaws provide that shareholder action can be taken at an annual meeting or a special meeting of shareholders. The shareholders will only have voting rights as required by the 1940 Act or as otherwise provided for in the Declaration of Trust. We will hold annual meetings. Special meetings may be called by the trustees and certain of our officers, and will be limited to the purposes for any such special meeting set forth in the notice thereof. In addition, our Declaration of Trust provides that, subject to the satisfaction of certain procedural and informational requirements by the shareholders requesting the meeting, a special meeting of shareholders will be called by our secretary upon the written request of shareholders entitled to cast 10 or more of the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting. The secretary shall provide all shareholders, within ten days after receipt of said request, written notice either in person or by mail of the date, time and location of such requested special meeting and the purpose of the meeting. Any special meeting called by such shareholders is required to be held not less than fifteen nor more than 60 days after notice is provided to shareholders of the special meeting. These provisions will have the effect of significantly reducing the ability of shareholders being able to have proposals considered at a meeting of shareholders. 
 
 With respect to special meetings of shareholders, only the business specified in our notice of the meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of persons for election to the board of trustees at a special meeting may be made only (1) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (2) by the board of trustees or (3) provided that the board of 
 5 

trustees has determined that trustees will be elected at the meeting, by a shareholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice provisions of the Declaration of Trust. 
 
 Our Declaration of Trust also provides that, subject to the provisions of any class or series of shares then outstanding and the mandatory provisions of any applicable laws or regulations or other provisions of the Declaration of Trust, the following actions may be taken by the shareholders, without concurrence by our board of trustees or the Investment Adviser, upon a vote by the holders of more than 50 of the outstanding shares entitled to vote to 
 
 modify the Declaration of Trust 
 remove the Investment Adviser or appoint a new investment adviser 
 dissolve the Company 
 sell all or substantially all of our assets other than in the ordinary course of business or 
 remove any trustee with or without cause (provided the aggregate number of trustees after such removal shall not be less than the minimum required by the Declaration of Trust). 
 
 The purpose of requiring shareholders to give us advance notice of nominations and other business is to afford our board of trustees a meaningful opportunity to consider the qualifications of the proposed nominees and the advisability of any other proposed business and, to the extent deemed necessary or desirable by our board of trustees, to inform shareholders and make recommendations about such qualifications or business, as well as to provide a more orderly procedure for conducting meetings of shareholders. Although our Declaration of Trust does not give our board of trustees any power to disapprove shareholder nominations for the election of trustees or proposals recommending certain action, they may have the effect of precluding a contest for the election of trustees or the consideration of shareholder proposals if proper procedures are not followed and of discouraging or deterring a third party from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of trustees or to approve its own proposal without regard to whether consideration of such nominees or proposals might be harmful or beneficial to us and our shareholders. 
 
 Our Investment Adviser may not, without the approval of a vote by the holders of more than 50 of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on such matters 
 
 modify the Investment Advisory Agreement except for amendments that would not adversely affect the rights of our shareholders 
 except as otherwise permitted under the Investment Advisory Agreement, voluntarily withdraw as our investment adviser unless such withdrawal would not affect our tax status and would not materially adversely affect our shareholders 
 appoint a new investment adviser (other than a sub-adviser pursuant to the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement and applicable law) 
 sell all or substantially all of our assets other than in the ordinary course of our business or as otherwise permitted by law or 
 cause the merger or similar reorganization of the Company. 
 Amendment of the Declaration of Trust and Bylaws 
 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that shareholders are entitled to vote upon a proposed amendment to the Declaration of Trust if the amendment would adversely affect the rights of shareholders. Approval of any such amendment must be approved by the holders of more than 50 of our outstanding shares entitled to vote on the matter. In addition, the affirmative vote of shareholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter are necessary to effect (a) any amendment to our Declaration of Trust to make our common shares a redeemable security or to convert the Company, whether by merger or otherwise, from a closed-end company to an open-end company and (b) any amendment to certain specific provisions of our Declaration of Trust. If the board of trustees approves a proposal or amendment pursuant to the prior sentence by a vote of at least two-thirds of such board of trustees, then only the affirmative vote of the holders of more than 50 of our outstanding shares entitled to vote on the matter shall be required to approve such matter. 
 
 6 

Our Declaration of Trust provides that our board of trustees has the exclusive power to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of our bylaws and to make new bylaws provided, however, that if any amendment to our bylaws adversely affects the voting rights of shareholders, such amendment must be approved by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of our outstanding securities entitled to vote on the matter, which means the lesser of (1) 67 or more of the voting securities present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities are present or represented by proxy, or (2) more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities. Except as described above and for certain provisions of our Declaration of Trust relating to shareholder voting and the removal of trustees, our Declaration of Trust provides that our board of trustees may amend our Declaration of Trust without any vote of our shareholders. 
 
 Actions by the Board Related to Merger, Conversion or Reorganization 
 
 The board of trustees may, without the approval of holders of our outstanding shares, approve a merger, conversion, consolidation or other reorganization of the Company, provided that the resulting entity is a business development company under the 1940 Act. We will not permit the Investment Adviser to cause any other form of merger or other reorganization of the Company without the affirmative vote by the holders of more than fifty percent (50 of the our outstanding shares entitled to vote on the matter. 
 
 Derivative Actions 
 
 No person, other than a trustee, who is not a shareholder shall be entitled to bring any derivative action, suit or other proceeding on behalf of the Company. No shareholder may maintain a derivative action on behalf of the Company unless holders of at least ten percent (10 of the outstanding shares join in the bringing of such action. A derivative action does not include any derivative or other action arising under the U.S. federal securities laws and certain state securities laws. 
 
 In addition to the requirements set forth in Section 3816 of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute, a shareholder may bring a derivative action on behalf of the Company only if the following conditions are met (i) the shareholder or shareholders must make a pre-suit demand upon the board of trustees to bring the subject action unless an effort to cause the board of trustees to bring such an action is not likely to succeed and a demand on the board of trustees shall only be deemed not likely to succeed and therefore excused if a majority of the board of trustees, or a majority of any committee established to consider the merits of such action, is composed of board of trustees who are not independent trustees (as that term is defined in the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute) and (ii) unless a demand is not required under clause (i) above, the board of trustees must be afforded a reasonable amount of time to consider such shareholder request and to investigate the basis of such claim and the board of trustees shall be entitled to retain counsel or other advisors in considering the merits of the request and may require an undertaking by the shareholders making such request to reimburse the Company for the expense of any such advisors in the event that the board of trustees determine not to bring such action. For purposes of this paragraph, the board of trustees may designate a committee of one or more trustees to consider a shareholder demand. 
 
 Restrictions on Roll-Up Transactions 
 
 In connection with a proposed roll-up transaction, which, in general terms, is any transaction involving the acquisition, merger, conversion or consolidation, directly or indirectly, of us and the issuance of securities of an entity that would be created or would survive after the successful completion of the roll-up transaction, we will obtain an appraisal of all of our properties from an independent expert. In order to qualify as an independent expert for this purpose, the person or entity must have no material current or prior business or personal relationship with us and must be engaged to a substantial extent in the business of rendering opinions regarding the value of assets of the type held by us, who is qualified to perform such work. Our assets will be appraised on a consistent basis, and the appraisal will be based on the evaluation of all relevant information and will indicate the value of our assets as of a date immediately prior to the announcement of the proposed roll-up transaction. The appraisal will assume an orderly liquidation of our assets over a 12-month period. The terms of the engagement of such independent expert will clearly state that the engagement is for our benefit and the benefit of our shareholders. We will include a summary of the appraisal, indicating all material assumptions underlying the appraisal, in a report to the 
 7 

shareholders in connection with the proposed roll-up transaction. If the appraisal will be included in a prospectus used to offer the securities of the roll-up entity, the appraisal will be filed with the SEC and the states as an exhibit to the registration statement. 
 
 In connection with a proposed roll-up transaction, the person sponsoring the roll-up transaction must offer to the shareholders who vote against the proposal a choice of 
 
 accepting the securities of the entity that would be created or would survive after the successful completion of the roll-up transaction offered in the proposed roll-up transaction or 
 one of the following 
 remaining as shareholders and preserving their interests in us on the same terms and conditions as existed previously or 
 receiving cash in an amount equal to their pro rata share of the appraised value of our net assets. 
 
 We are prohibited from participating in any proposed roll-up transaction 
 
 which would result in shareholders having voting rights in the entity that would be created or would survive after the successful completion of the roll-up transaction that are less than those provided in the Declaration of Trust, including rights with respect to the election and removal of trustees, annual and special meetings, amendments to the Declaration of Trust and our dissolution 
 which includes provisions that would operate as a material impediment to, or frustration of, the accumulation of common shares by any purchaser of the securities of the entity that would be created or would survive after the successful completion of the roll-up transaction, except to the minimum extent necessary to preserve the tax status of such entity, or which would limit the ability of an investor to exercise the voting rights of its securities of the entity that would be created or would survive after the successful completion of the roll-up transaction on the basis of the number of shares held by that investor 
 in which shareholders rights to access to records of the entity that would be created or would survive after the successful completion of the roll-up transaction will be less than those provided in the Declaration of Trust 
 in which we would bear any of the costs of the roll-up transaction if the shareholders reject the roll-up transaction or 
 unless the organizational documents of the entity that would survive the roll-up transaction provide that neither its adviser nor its intermediary-manager may vote or consent on matters submitted to its shareholders regarding the removal of its adviser or any transaction between it and its adviser or any of 
 
 Access to Records 
 
 Any shareholder will be permitted access to all of our records to which they are entitled under applicable law at all reasonable times and may inspect and copy any of them for a reasonable copying charge. Inspection of our records by the office or agency administering the securities laws of a jurisdiction will be provided upon reasonable notice and during normal business hours. An alphabetical list of the names, addresses and business telephone numbers of our shareholders, along with the number of common shares held by each of them, will be maintained as part of our books and records and will be available for inspection by any shareholder or the shareholder s designated agent at our office. The shareholder list will be updated at least quarterly to reflect changes in the information contained therein. A copy of the list will be mailed to any shareholder who requests the list within ten days of the request. A shareholder may request a copy of the shareholder list for any proper and legitimate purpose, including, without limitation, in connection with matters relating to voting rights and the exercise of shareholder rights under federal proxy laws. A shareholder requesting a list will be required to pay reasonable costs of postage and duplication. Such copy of the shareholder list shall be printed in alphabetical order, on white paper, and in readily readable type size (no smaller than 10 point font). 
 
 A shareholder may also request access to any other corporate records. If a proper request for the shareholder list or any other corporate records is not honored, then the requesting shareholder will be entitled to recover certain costs 
 8 

incurred in compelling the production of the list or other requested corporate records as well as actual damages suffered by reason of the refusal or failure to produce the list. However, a shareholder will not have the right to, and we may require a requesting shareholder to represent that it will not, secure the shareholder list or other information for the purpose of selling or using the list for a commercial purpose not related to the requesting shareholder s interest in our affairs. We may also require that such shareholder sign a confidentiality agreement in connection with the request. 
 
 Reports to Shareholders 
 
 Within 45 days after each fiscal quarter, we will distribute our quarterly report on Form 10-Q to all shareholders of record. In addition, we will distribute our annual report on Form 10-K to all shareholders within 120 days after the end of each calendar year, which must contain, among other things, a breakdown of the expenses reimbursed by us to the Investment Adviser. These reports will also be available on our website www.gcredbdc.com, when available, and on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Information contained in, or accessible through, our website is not part of this prospectus. 
 
 Subject to availability, you may authorize us to provide prospectuses, prospectus supplements, annual reports and other information, or documents, electronically by so indicating on your subscription agreement, or by sending us instructions in writing in a form acceptable to us to receive such documents electronically. Unless you elect in writing to receive documents electronically, all documents will be provided in paper form by mail. You must have internet access to use electronic delivery. While we impose no additional charge for this service, there may be potential costs associated with electronic delivery, such as on-line charges. Documents will be available on our website at www.gcredbdc.com. You may access and print all documents provided through this service. As documents become available, we will notify you of this by sending you an e-mail message that will include instructions on how to retrieve the document. If our e-mail notification is returned to us as undeliverable, we will contact you to obtain your updated e-mail address. If we are unable to obtain a valid e-mail address for you, we will resume sending a paper copy by regular U.S. mail to your address of record. You may revoke your consent for electronic delivery at any time and we will resume sending you a paper copy of all required documents. However, in order for us to be properly notified, your revocation must be given to us a reasonable time before electronic delivery has commenced. We will provide you with paper copies at any time upon request. Such request will not constitute revocation of your consent to receive required documents electronically. 
 
 Conflict with the 1940 Act 
 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that, if and to the extent that any provision of Delaware law, or any provision of our Declaration of Trust conflicts with any provision of the 1940 Act, the applicable provision of the 1940 Act will control. 

9 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-10.2>
 4
 gcred-fy2310kexhibit102.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 
 Exhibit 10.2 

 AMENDED AND RESTATED INVESTMENT ADVISORY AGREEMENT BETWEEN GOLUB CAPITAL PRIVATE CREDIT FUND AND GC ADVISORS LLC 
 This Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement (this Agreement made effective as of this 17 th day of November 2023, by and between GOLUB CAPITAL PRIVATE CREDIT FUND, a Delaware statutory trust (the Fund ), and GC ADVISORS LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Adviser ). 
 WHEREAS, the Fund operates as a closed-end, non-diversified management investment company 
 WHEREAS, the Fund has filed an election to be regulated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act 
 WHEREAS, the Adviser is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Advisers Act 
 WHEREAS, the Fund and the Adviser are party to that certain investment advisory agreement dated April 28, 2023 by and between the Fund and the Adviser (the Prior Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, the Fund and the Adviser desire to amend and restate the Prior Agreement to set forth the terms and conditions for the continued provision by the Adviser of investment advisory services to the Fund. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties hereby agree as follows 
 1. Duties of the Adviser . 
 (a) The Fund hereby employs the Adviser to act as the investment adviser to the Fund and to manage the investment and reinvestment of the assets of the Fund, subject to the supervision of the board of trustees of the Fund (the Board of Trustees ), for the period and upon the terms herein set forth, (i) in accordance with the investment objective, policies and restrictions that are set forth in the Fund s private placement memorandum, registration statement or other filing submitted or filed by the Fund with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), in each case as the same may be amended from time to time, (ii) in accordance with the Investment Company Act, the Investment Advisers Act and all other applicable federal and state law and (iii) in accordance with the Fund s declaration of trust and bylaws. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Adviser shall, during the term and subject to the provisions of this Agreement, (i) determine the composition of the portfolio of the Fund, the nature and timing of the changes therein and the manner of implementing such changes (ii) identify, evaluate and negotiate the structure of the investments made by the Fund (including performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies) (iii) execute, close, service and monitor the Fund s investments (iv) determine the securities and other assets that the Fund will purchase, retain or sell and (v) provide the Fund with such other investment advisory, research and related services as the Fund may, from time to time, reasonably require for the investment of its funds. The Adviser shall have the power and authority on behalf of the Fund to effectuate its investment decisions for the Fund, including the execution and delivery of all documents relating to the Fund s investments and the placing of orders for other purchase or sale transactions on behalf of the Fund. In the event that the Fund, consistent with its investment objective and 
 1 

policies, determines to acquire debt financing or to refinance existing debt financing, the Adviser shall arrange for such financing on the Fund s behalf, subject to the oversight and approval of the Board of Trustees. If it is necessary for the Adviser to make investments on behalf of the Fund through a subsidiary or special purpose vehicle, the Adviser shall have authority to create or arrange for the creation of such subsidiary or special purpose vehicle and to make such investments through such subsidiary or special purpose vehicle in accordance with the Investment Company Act. 
 (b) The Adviser hereby accepts such employment and agrees during the term hereof to render the services described herein for the amounts of compensation provided herein. 
 (c) Subject to the requirements of the Investment Company Act, the Adviser is hereby authorized, but not required, to enter into one or more sub-advisory agreements with other investment advisers (each, a Sub-Adviser pursuant to which the Adviser may obtain the services of the Sub-Adviser(s) to assist the Adviser in fulfilling its responsibilities hereunder. Specifically, the Adviser may retain a Sub-Adviser to recommend specific securities or other investments based upon the Fund s investment objective and policies, and work, along with the Adviser, in structuring, negotiating, arranging or effecting the acquisition or disposition of such investments and monitoring investments on behalf of the Fund, subject in all cases to the oversight of the Adviser and the Fund. The Adviser, and not the Fund, shall be responsible for any compensation payable to any Sub-Adviser. Any sub-advisory agreement entered into by the Adviser shall be in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Company Act, the Investment Advisers Act and other applicable federal and state law. 
 (d) The Adviser shall, upon request by an official or agency administering the securities laws of a state (a State Administrator ), submit to such State Administrator the reports and statements required to be distributed to the Fund s shareholders pursuant to this Agreement, any registration statement filed with the SEC and applicable federal and state law. 
 (e) The Adviser has a fiduciary responsibility and duty to the Fund for the safekeeping and use of all the funds and assets of the Fund, whether or not in the Adviser s immediate possession or control. The Adviser shall not employ, or permit another to employ, such funds or assets except for the exclusive benefit of the Fund. The Adviser shall not contract away any fiduciary obligation owed by the Adviser to the Fund s shareholders under common law. 
 (f) For all purposes herein provided, the Adviser shall be deemed to be an independent contractor and, except as expressly provided or authorized herein, shall have no authority to act for or represent the Fund in any way or otherwise be deemed an agent of the Fund. 
 (g) The Adviser shall keep and preserve, in the manner and for the period that would be applicable to investment companies registered under the Investment Company Act, any books and records relevant to the provision of its investment advisory services to the Fund, shall specifically maintain all books and records with respect to the Fund s portfolio transactions and shall render to the Board of Trustees such periodic and special reports as the Board of Trustees may reasonably request. The Adviser agrees that all records that it maintains for the Fund are the property of the Fund and shall surrender promptly to the Fund any such records upon the Fund s request, provided that the Adviser may retain a copy of such records. 
 2 

2. Fund s Responsibilities and Expenses Payable by the Fund. 
 (a) All investment professionals of the Adviser and their respective staffs, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and management services hereunder, and the compensation and routine overhead expenses of such personnel allocable to such services, shall be provided and paid for by the Adviser and not by the Fund. The Fund shall bear all other costs and expenses of its operations and transactions, including those relating to (a) organizational expenses of the Fund (b) calculating the net asset value and net offering price of the Fund, including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm (c) fees and expenses incurred by the Adviser and payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisors, in monitoring financial and legal affairs for the Fund and in monitoring the Fund s investments, performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies or otherwise relating to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments, which fees and expenses include, among other items, due diligence reports, appraisal reports, any studies commissioned by the Adviser and travel and lodging expenses (d) interest payable on debt, if any, incurred by the Fund to finance its investments and expenses related to unsuccessful portfolio acquisition efforts (e) offerings of the common shares and other securities of the Fund, including any public or private offering of the common shares of the Fund (f) investment advisory fees, including management fees and incentive fees (g) administration fees and expenses payable under the administration agreement (as amended from time to time, the Administration Agreement ), between the Fund and the Fund s administrator (the Administrator (h) fees payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisors, relating to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments in portfolio companies, including costs associated with meeting financial sponsors (i) fees payable to transaction brokerage platforms (j) subscription processing fees and expenses (k) reasonable bona fide due diligence expenses of participating broker-dealers supported by detailed and itemized invoices (l) fees incurred by the Fund for transfer agent, dividend agent and custodial fees and expenses (m) fees and expenses payable under any managing dealer and selected dealer agreements, if any (n) U.S. federal and state registration and franchise fees (o) all costs of registration and listing of the Fund s securities on any securities exchange, if applicable (p) U.S. federal, state and local taxes (q) independent trustees fees and expenses (r) costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents required by the SEC, state securities regulators or other regulators (s) costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to shareholders, including printing costs (t) costs associated with individual or group shareholders (u) costs of registration rights granted to certain investors, if any (v) costs associated with compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (w) the Fund s allocable portion of any fidelity bond, trustees and officers errors and omissions liability insurance policies, and any other insurance premiums (x) direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors and outside legal costs (y) costs and expenses, including travel, meals, accommodations, entertainment and other similar expenses, incurred by the Adviser or its affiliates for meetings with existing investors and any intermediaries, registered investment advisors, financial and other advisors representing such existing investors (z) proxy voting expenses and (aa) any and all other expenses incurred by the Fund or the Administrator in connection with administering the Fund s business, including payments made under the Administration Agreement based upon the Fund s allocable portion (subject to the review and approval of the Fund s independent trustees) of the Administrator s overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent and the allocable portion of the cost of the Fund s chief compliance officer and chief financial officer and their respective staffs. 
 3 

(b) In addition to the compensation paid to the Adviser pursuant to Section 3, the Fund shall reimburse the Adviser for all expenses of the Fund incurred by the Adviser as well as the actual cost of goods and services used for or by the Fund and obtained from entities not affiliated with the Adviser. The Adviser or its affiliates may be reimbursed for the administrative services performed by it or such affiliates on behalf of the Fund pursuant to any separate administration or co-administration agreement with the Adviser however, no reimbursement shall be permitted for services for which the Adviser is entitled to compensation by way of a separate fee. Excluded from the allowable reimbursement shall be 
 (i) rent or depreciation, utilities, capital equipment, and other administrative items of the Adviser and 
 (ii) salaries, fringe benefits, travel expenses and other administrative items incurred or allocated to any Controlling Person of the Adviser. The term Controlling Person shall mean a person, whatever his or her title, who performs functions for the Adviser similar to those of (a) the chairman or other member of a board of trustees, (b) executive officers or (c) those holding 10 or more equity interest in the Adviser, or a person having the power to direct or cause the direction of the Adviser, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 
 (c) From time to time, the Adviser, the Administrator or their affiliates may pay third-party providers of goods or services. The Fund will reimburse the Adviser, the Administrator or such affiliates thereof for any such amounts paid on the Fund s behalf. From time to time, the Adviser or the Administrator may defer or waive fees and or rights to be reimbursed for expenses. All of the foregoing expenses will ultimately be borne by the Fund s shareholders. 
 3. Compensation of the Adviser . The Fund agrees to pay, and the Adviser agrees to accept, as compensation for the services provided by the Adviser hereunder, a base management fee and an incentive fee as hereinafter set forth. The Fund shall make any payments due hereunder to the Adviser or to the Adviser s designee as the Adviser may otherwise direct. 
 (a) Management Fee. The management fee is payable quarterly in arrears at an annual rate of 1.25 of the Fund s net assets as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the applicable quarter adjusted for share issuances and repurchases. For the first calendar quarter in which the Fund has operations, net assets will be measured as the beginning net assets as of the date on which the Fund breaks escrow for its initial share class. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, to the extent that the Adviser or an affiliate of the Adviser provides investment advisory, collateral management or other similar services to a subsidiary of the Fund, the management fee shall be reduced by an amount equal to the product of (a) the total fees paid to the Adviser by such subsidiary for such services and (b) the percentage of such subsidiary s total equity that is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Fund. 
 (b) Incentive Fee. The incentive fee will consist of two components that are independent of each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. A portion of the incentive fee is based on a percentage of the Fund s income and a portion is based on a percentage of the Fund s capital gains, each as described below. 
 Incentive Fee on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income . The portion based on the Fund s income is based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns. Pre-Incentive Fee Net 
 4 

Investment Income Returns means, as the context requires, either the dollar value of, or percentage rate of return on the value of the Fund s net assets at the end of the immediate preceding quarter, as adjusted for share issuances and repurchases, from interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that the Fund receives from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus the Fund s operating expenses accrued for the quarter (including the management fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement, and any interest expense or fees on any credit facilities or outstanding debt and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred shares, but excluding the incentive fee and any distribution or shareholder servicing fees). 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns include, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with pay-in-kind interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that the Fund has not yet received in cash. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns do not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. The impact of expense support payments and recoupments are also excluded from Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns. 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, expressed as a rate of return on the value of the Fund s net assets at the end of the immediate preceding quarter, is compared to a hurdle rate of return of 1.25 per quarter (5.0 annualized). 
 The Fund will pay the Adviser an incentive fee quarterly in arrears with respect to the Fund s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in each calendar quarter as follows 
 no incentive fee based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in any calendar quarter in which the Fund s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns do not exceed the hurdle rate of 1.25 per quarter (5.0 annualized) 
 100 of the dollar amount of the Fund s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than a rate of return of 1.43 (5.72 annualized). This is referred to as Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns (which exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 1.43 as the catch-up and 
 12.5 of the dollar amount of the Fund s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, if any, that exceed a rate of return of 1.43 (5.72 annualized). 
 Incentive Fee Based on Capital Gains. The second component of the incentive fee, the capital gains incentive fee, is payable at the end of each calendar year in arrears. 
 The amount payable equals 
 12.5 of cumulative realized capital gains from inception through the end of such calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any 
 5 

previously paid incentive fee on capital gains as calculated in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ). 
 Each year, the fee paid for the capital gains incentive fee is net of the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fee for all prior periods. The Fund will accrue, but will not pay, a capital gains incentive fee with respect to unrealized appreciation because a capital gains incentive fee would be owed to the Adviser if the Fund were to sell the relevant investment and realize a capital gain. In no event will the capital gains incentive fee payable pursuant to this Agreement be in excess of the amount permitted by the Advisers, including Section 205 thereof. 
 The fees that are payable under this Agreement for any partial period will be appropriately prorated. 
 4. Transactions with Affiliates . The Adviser is authorized on behalf of the Fund, from time to time when deemed to be in the best interests of the Fund and to the extent permitted by applicable law, to purchase and or sell securities in which the Adviser or any of its affiliates underwrites, deals in and or makes a market and or may perform or seek to perform investment banking services for issuers of such securities. The Adviser is further authorized, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to select brokers (including any brokers affiliated with the Adviser) for the execution of trades for the Fund. 
 5. Excess Brokerage Commissions . 
 (a) The Adviser is hereby authorized, to the fullest extent now or hereafter permitted by law, to cause the Fund to pay a member of a national securities exchange, broker or dealer an amount of commission for effecting a securities transaction in excess of the amount of commission another member of such exchange, broker or dealer would have charged for effecting that transaction, if the Adviser determines in good faith, taking into account such factors as price (including the applicable brokerage commission or dealer spread), size of order, difficulty of execution, and operational facilities of the firm and the firm s risk and skill in positioning blocks of securities, that such amount of commission is reasonable in relation to the value of the brokerage and or research services provided by such member, broker or dealer, viewed in terms of either that particular transaction or its overall responsibilities with respect to the Fund s portfolio, and constitutes the best net results for the Fund. 
 (b) All Front End Fees (as defined in the Fund s Amended and Restated Agreement and Declaration of Trust (as may be further amended from time to time, the Declaration of Trust )) shall be reasonable and shall not exceed 18 of the gross proceeds of any offering, regardless of the source of payment and the percentage of gross proceeds of any offering committed to investment shall be at least eighty-two percent (82 ). All items of compensation to underwriters or dealers, including, but not limited to, selling commissions, expenses, rights of first refusal, consulting fees, finders fees and all other items of compensation of any kind or description paid by the Fund, directly or indirectly, shall be taken into consideration in computing the amount of allowable Front End Fees. 
 6. Proxy Voting . The Adviser shall be responsible for voting any proxies solicited by an issuer of securities held by the Fund in the best interest of the Fund and in accordance with the Adviser s proxy voting policies and procedures, as any such proxy voting policies and procedures may be amended from time to time. The Fund has been provided with a copy of the Adviser s proxy voting policies and procedures and has been informed as to how it can obtain further information from the Adviser regarding proxy voting activities undertaken on behalf of 
 6 

the Fund. The Adviser shall be responsible for reporting the Fund s proxy voting activities, as required, through periodic filings on Form N-PX. 
 7. Representations and Warranties . 
 (a) The Adviser hereby covenants that it is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act. The Adviser hereby agrees that its activities shall at all times be in compliance in all material respects with all applicable federal and state laws governing its operations and investments. 
 (b) The Adviser shall prepare or shall cause to be prepared and distributed to shareholders during each year the following reports of the Fund (either included in a periodic report filed with the SEC or distributed in a separate report) (i) within forty-five (45) days of the end of each quarter, a report containing the same financial information contained in the Fund s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Fund under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) within one hundred and twenty (120) days after the end of the Fund s fiscal year, (a) an annual report that shall include financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP which are audited and reported on by independent certified public accountants (b) a report of the material activities of the Fund during the period covered by the report (c) where forecasts have been provided to the Fund s shareholders, a table comparing the forecasts previously provided with the actual results during the period covered by the report and (d) a report setting forth distributions to the Fund s shareholders for the period covered thereby and separately identifying distributions from (A) cash flow from operations during the period (B) cash flow from operations during a prior period which have been held as reserves (C) proceeds from disposition of assets and (D) reserves from the gross proceeds of the Fund s offering. 
 (c) From time to time and not less than quarterly, the Fund shall cause the Adviser to review the Fund s accounts to determine whether cash distributions are appropriate. The Fund may, subject to authorization by the Board of Trustees, distribute pro rata to the Fund s shareholders funds which the Board of Trustees deems unnecessary to retain in the Fund. The Board of Trustees may from time to time authorize the Fund to declare and pay to the Fund s shareholders such dividends or other distributions, in cash or other assets of the Fund or in securities of the Fund, including in shares of one class or series payable to the holders of the shares of another class or series, or from any other source as the Board of Trustees in its discretion shall determine. Any such cash distributions to the Adviser shall be made only in conjunction with distributions to shareholders and only out of funds properly allocated to the Adviser s account. All such cash distributions shall be made only out of funds legally available therefor pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended from time to time. 
 (d) The Adviser shall, in its sole discretion, temporarily place proceeds from offerings by the Fund of its equity securities into short-term, highly liquid investments which, in its reasonable judgment, afford appropriate safety of principal during such time as it is determining the composition and allocation of the portfolio of the Fund and the nature, timing and implementation of any changes thereto pursuant to Section 1 of this Agreement provided however, that the Adviser shall be under no fiduciary obligation to select any such short-term, highly liquid investment based solely on any yield or return of such investment. The Adviser shall cause any proceeds of the offering of Fund securities not committed for investment within the later of two years from the date of effectiveness of the registration statement or one year from termination of the offering, unless a longer period is permitted by the applicable State Administrator, to be paid as a distribution to the shareholders of the Fund as a return of capital without deduction of a sales load. 
 7 

8. Limitations on the Employment of the Adviser . The services of the Adviser to the Fund are not, and shall not be, exclusive. The Adviser may engage in any other business or render similar or different services to others including, without limitation, the direct or indirect sponsorship or management of other investment-based accounts or commingled pools of capital, however structured, having investment objectives similar to those of the Fund provided that its services to the Fund hereunder are not impaired thereby. Nothing in this Agreement shall limit or restrict the right of any manager, partner, officer or employee of the Adviser to engage in any other business or to devote his or her time and attention in part to any other business, whether of a similar or dissimilar nature, or to receive any fees or compensation in connection therewith (including fees for serving as a director of, or providing consulting services to, one or more of the portfolio companies of the Fund, subject at all times to applicable law). So long as this Agreement or any extension, renewal or amendment hereof remains in effect, the Adviser shall be the only investment adviser for the Fund, subject to the Adviser s right to enter into sub-advisory agreements. The Adviser assumes no responsibility under this Agreement other than to render the services called for hereunder. It is understood that trustees, officers, employees and shareholders of the Fund are or may become interested in the Adviser and its affiliates, as trustees, officers, employees, partners, stockholders, members, managers or otherwise, and that the Adviser and trustees, officers, employees, partners, stockholders, members and managers of the Adviser and its affiliates are or may become similarly interested in the Fund as shareholders or otherwise. 
 Subject to any restrictions prescribed by law, by the provisions of the Code of Ethics of the Fund and the Adviser and by the Adviser s allocation policy, the Adviser and its members, officers, employees and agents shall be free from time to time to acquire, possess, manage and dispose of securities or other investment assets for their own accounts, for the accounts of their family members, for the account of any entity in which they have a beneficial interest or for the accounts of others for whom they may provide investment advisory, brokerage or other services (collectively, Managed Accounts ), in transactions that may or may not correspond with transactions effected or positions held by the Fund or to give advice and take action with respect to Managed Accounts that differs from advice given to, or action taken on behalf of, the Fund provided that the Adviser allocates investment opportunities to the Fund, over a period of time on a fair and equitable basis compared to investment opportunities extended to other Managed Accounts. The Adviser is not, and shall not be, obligated to initiate the purchase or sale for the Fund of any security that the Adviser and its members, officers, employees or agents may purchase or sell for its or their own accounts or for the account of any other client if, in the opinion of the Adviser, such transaction or investment appears unsuitable or undesirable for the Fund. Moreover, it is understood that when the Adviser determines that it would be appropriate for the Fund and one or more Managed Accounts to participate in the same investment opportunity, the Adviser shall seek to execute orders for the Fund and for such Managed Account(s) on a basis that the Adviser considers to be fair and equitable over time. In such situations, the Adviser may (but is not required to) place orders for the Fund and each Managed Account simultaneously or on an aggregated basis. If all such orders are not filled at the same price, the Adviser may cause the Fund and each Managed Account to pay or receive the average of the prices at which the orders were filled for the Fund and all relevant Managed Accounts on each applicable day. If all such orders cannot be fully executed under prevailing market conditions, the Adviser may allocate the investment opportunities among participating accounts in a manner that the Adviser considers equitable, taking into account, among other things, the size of each account, the size of the order placed for each account and any other factors that the Adviser deems relevant. 
 9. Responsibility of Dual Trustees, Officers and or Employees . If any person who is a manager, partner, officer or employee of the Adviser or the Administrator is or becomes a director, officer and or employee of the Fund and acts as such in any business of the Fund, then such manager, partner, officer and or employee of the Adviser or the Administrator shall be 
 8 

deemed to be acting in such capacity solely for the Fund and not as a manager, partner, officer and or employee of the Adviser or the Administrator or under the control or direction of the Adviser or the Administrator, even if paid by the Adviser or the Administrator. 
 10. Limitation of Liability of the Adviser Indemnification. 
 (a) The Adviser (and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with the Adviser, including without limitation, the Administrator) shall not be liable to the Fund for any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Adviser in connection with the performance of any of its duties or obligations under this Agreement or otherwise as an investment adviser of the Fund, except to the extent specified in Section 36(b) of the Investment Company Act concerning loss resulting from a breach of fiduciary duty (as the same is finally determined by judicial proceedings) with respect to the receipt of compensation for services, and the Fund shall indemnify, defend and protect the Adviser (and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with the Adviser, including without limitation, the Administrator, each of whom shall be deemed a third party beneficiary hereof) (collectively, the Indemnified Parties and hold them harmless from and against all damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) incurred by the Indemnified Parties in or by reason of any pending, threatened or completed action, suit, investigation or other proceeding (including an action or suit by or in the right of the Fund or its security holders) arising out of or otherwise based upon the performance of any of the Adviser s duties or obligations under this Agreement or otherwise as an investment adviser of the Fund. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence of this Paragraph 9 to the contrary, nothing contained herein shall protect or be deemed to protect the Indemnified Parties against or entitle or be deemed to entitle the Indemnified Parties to indemnification in respect of, any liability to the Fund or its security holders to which the Indemnified Parties would otherwise be subject by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of the Adviser s duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of the Adviser s duties and obligations under this Agreement (as the same shall be determined in accordance with the Investment Company Act and any interpretations or guidance by the SEC or its staff thereunder). 
 (b) Notwithstanding Paragraph 10(a) of this Agreement to the contrary, the Fund shall not provide for indemnification of an Indemnified Party for any liability or loss suffered by an Indemnified Party, nor shall the Fund provide that any of the Indemnified Parties be held harmless for any loss or liability suffered by the Fund, unless all of the following conditions are met 
 (i) the Fund has determined, in good faith, that the course of conduct that caused the loss or liability was in the best interests of the Fund 
 (ii) the Fund has determined, in good faith, that the Indemnified Party was acting on behalf of or performing services for the Fund 
 (iii) the Fund has determined, in good faith, that such liability or loss was not the result of (A) negligence or misconduct, in the case that the Indemnified Party is the Adviser or an Affiliate (as defined in the Declaration of Trust) of the Adviser, or (B) gross negligence or willful misconduct, in the case that the Indemnified Party is a trustee of the Fund who is not also an officer of the Fund or the Adviser or an Affiliate of the Adviser and 
 9 

(iv) such indemnification or agreement to hold harmless is recoverable only out of the Fund s net assets and not from the Fund shareholders. 
 Furthermore, the Indemnified Party shall not be indemnified for any losses, liabilities or expenses arising from or out of an alleged violation of federal or state securities laws by such party unless one or more of the following conditions are met 
 (A) there has been a successful adjudication on the merits of each count involving alleged material securities law violations as to the Indemnified Party 
 (B) such claims have been dismissed with prejudice on the merits by a court of competent jurisdiction as to the Indemnified Party or 
 (C) a court of competent jurisdiction approves a settlement of the claims against the Indemnified Party and finds that indemnification of the settlement and the related costs should be made, and the court considering the request for indemnification has been advised of the position of the SEC and of the published position of any state securities regulatory authority in which shares of the Fund were offered or sold as to indemnification for violations of securities laws. 
 (c) The Fund may pay or reimburse reasonable legal expenses and other costs incurred by the Indemnified Party in advance of final disposition of a proceeding only if all of the following are satisfied 
 (i) the proceeding relates to acts or omissions with respect to the performance of duties or services on behalf of the Fund 
 (ii) the Indemnified Party provides the Fund with written affirmation of such Indemnified Party s good faith belief that the Indemnified Party has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Fund 
 (iii) the legal proceeding was initiated by a third party who is not a Fund shareholder, or, if by a Fund shareholder acting in his or her capacity as such, a court of competent jurisdiction approves such advancement and 
 (iv) the Indemnified Party provides the Fund with a written agreement to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the Fund, together with the applicable legal rate of interest thereon, if it is ultimately determined that the Indemnified Party did not comply with the requisite standard of conduct and is not entitled to indemnification. 
 11. Effectiveness, Duration and Termination of Agreement . 
 (a) This Agreement shall become effective as of the date hereof. This Agreement shall continue for a term of two years, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the vote of the Board of Trustees or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund and (b) the vote of a majority of the Fund s Trustees who are not parties to this Agreement or interested 
 10 

persons (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Company Act. This Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, upon sixty (60) days written notice by the Fund, by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund or by the vote of the Fund s Trustees or on one hundred and twenty (120) days written notice by the Adviser. This Agreement shall automatically terminate in the event of its assignment (as such term is defined for purposes of Section 15(a)(4) of the Investment Company Act). The provisions of Section 10 of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and the Indemnified Parties shall remain entitled to the benefits thereof, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement. Further, notwithstanding the termination or expiration of this Agreement as aforesaid, the Adviser shall be entitled to any amounts owed under Section 3 through the date of termination or expiration and Section 10 shall continue in force and effect and apply to the Adviser and its representatives as and to the extent applicable. 
 (b) After the termination of this Agreement, the Adviser shall not be entitled to compensation for further services provided hereunder, except that it shall be entitled to receive from the Fund within 30 days after the effective date of such termination all unpaid reimbursements and all earned but unpaid fees payable to the Adviser prior to termination of this Agreement, including any deferred fees. The Adviser shall promptly upon termination 
 (i) Deliver to the Board of Trustees a full accounting, including a statement showing all payments collected by it and a statement of all money held by it, covering the period following the date of the last accounting furnished to the Board of Trustees 
 (ii) Deliver to the Board of Trustees all assets and documents of the Fund then in custody of the Adviser and 
 (iii) Cooperate with the Fund to provide an orderly management transition. 
 (c) Without the approval of holders of a majority of the shares of the Fund entitled to vote on the matter, or such other approval as may be required under the mandatory provisions of any applicable laws or regulations, or other provisions of the Declaration of Trust, the Adviser shall not (i) modify this Agreement except for amendments that do not adversely affect the rights of the shareholders (ii) appoint a new Adviser (other than a Sub-Adviser pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and applicable law) (iii) sell all or substantially all of the Fund s assets other than in the ordinary course of the Fund s business or as otherwise permitted by law or (iv) except as otherwise permitted herein, voluntarily withdraw as the Adviser unless such withdrawal would not affect the tax status of the Fund and would not materially adversely affect the shareholders 
 (d) The Fund may terminate the Adviser s interest in the Fund s revenues, expenses, income, losses, distributions and capital by payment of an amount equal to the then present fair market value of the terminated Adviser s interest, determined by agreement of the terminated Adviser and the Fund. If the Fund and the Adviser cannot agree upon such amount, the parties will submit to binding arbitration which cost will be borne equally by the Adviser and the Fund. The method of payment to the terminated Adviser must be fair and must protect the solvency and liquidity of the Fund. 
 12. Conflicts of Interest and Prohibited Activities. 
 11 

(a) The Adviser is not hereby granted or entitled to an exclusive right to sell or exclusive employment to sell assets for the Fund. 
 (b) The Adviser shall not (i) receive or accept any rebate, give-up or similar arrangement that is prohibited under applicable federal or state securities laws (ii) participate in any reciprocal business arrangement that would circumvent provisions of applicable federal or state securities laws governing conflicts of interest or investment restrictions or (iii) enter into any agreement, arrangement or understanding that would circumvent the restrictions against dealing with affiliates or promoters under applicable federal or state securities laws. 
 
 (c) The Adviser shall not directly or indirectly pay or award any fees or commissions or other compensation to any person engaged to sell shares of the Fund or give investment advice to a potential shareholder provided, however, that this subsection shall not prohibit the payment to a registered broker-dealer or other properly licensed agent of sales commissions or other compensation (including cash compensation and non-cash compensation (as such terms are defined under FINRA Rule 2310)) for selling or distributing shares of the Fund, including out of the Adviser s own assets, including those amounts paid to the Adviser under this Agreement. 
 (d) The Adviser covenants that it shall not permit or cause to be permitted the Fund s funds to be commingled with the funds of any other person and the funds will be protected from the claims of affiliated companies. 
 13. Access to Shareholder List . 
 If a shareholder requests a copy of the Shareholder List (as defined in the Declaration of Trust) pursuant to Section 11.3 of the Fund s Declaration of Trust or any successor provision thereto (the Shareholder List Provision ), the Adviser is hereby authorized to request a copy of the Shareholder List from the Fund s transfer agent and send a copy of the Shareholder List to any shareholder so requesting in accordance with the Shareholder List Provision. The Adviser and the Board of Trustees shall be liable to any shareholder requesting the list for the costs, including attorneys fees, incurred by that shareholder for compelling the production of the Shareholder List, and for actual damages suffered by any shareholder by reason of such refusal or neglect. It shall be a defense that the actual purpose and reason for the requests for inspection or for a copy of the Shareholder List is to secure such list of shareholder or other information for the purpose of selling such list or copies thereof, or of using the same for a commercial purpose other than in the interest of the applicant as a shareholder relative to the affairs of the Fund. 
 14. Notices . Any notice under this Agreement shall be given in writing, addressed and delivered or mailed, postage prepaid, to the other party at its principal office. 
 15. Amendments . This Agreement may be amended by mutual consent, but the consent of the Fund must be obtained in conformity with the requirements of the Investment Company Act. 
 16. Entire Agreement Governing Law . This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings and arrangements with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and the applicable provisions of the Investment Company Act. To the extent the applicable laws of the State of New York, or any of the provisions herein, conflict with the provisions of the Investment Company Act, the latter shall control. 
 12 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed on the date above written. 
 GOLUB CAPITAL PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 
 By s David B. Golub 
 Name David B. Golub 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 
 GC ADVISORS LLC 
 By s David B. Golub Name David B. Golub Title President 

Signature Page to Golub Capital Private Credit Fund Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-14.1>
 5
 gcred-fy2310xkexhibit141.htm
 EX-14.1

Document 
 Exhibit 14.1 

 CODE OF ETHICS 
 FOR 
 GOLUB CAPITAL BDC, INC. 
 GOLUB CAPITAL DIRECT LENDING CORPORATION 
 GOLUB CAPITAL BDC 3, INC. 
 GOLUB CAPITAL BDC 4, INC. 
 GOLUB CAPITAL DIRECT LENDING UNLEVERED CORPORATION 
 GOLUB CAPITAL PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 
 GC ADVISORS LLC 
 Section I Statement of General Fiduciary Principles 
 This Code of Ethics (the Code has been adopted by each of Golub Capital BDC, Inc., Golub Capital BDC 3, Inc., Golub Capital BDC 4, Inc., Golub Capital Direct Lending Corporation, Golub Capital Direct Lending Unlevered Corporation, and Golub Capital Private Credit Fund (collectively, the Corporation ), and GC Advisors LLC, the Corporation s investment adviser (the Adviser ), in compliance with Rule 17j-1 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the Act ). The purpose of the Code is to establish standards and procedures for the detection and prevention of activities by which persons having knowledge of the investments and investment intentions of the Corporation may abuse their fiduciary duty to the Corporation, and otherwise to deal with the types of conflict of interest situations to which Rule 17j-1 is addressed. 
 The Code is based on the principle that the directors and officers of the Corporation, and the managers, partners, officers and employees of the Adviser, who provide services to the Corporation, owe a fiduciary duty to the Corporation to conduct their personal securities transactions in a manner that does not interfere with the Corporation s transactions or otherwise take unfair advantage of their relationship with the Corporation. All Access Persons are expected to adhere to this general principle as well as to comply with all of the specific provisions of this Code that are applicable to them. Any Access Persons who are affiliated with the Adviser or another entity that is a registered investment adviser is, in addition, expected to comply with the provisions of the code of ethics that has been adopted by the Adviser or such other investment adviser. The Adviser has adopted a separate code of ethics pursuant to the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, and the rules thereunder (the Adviser s Code of Ethics ). The Adviser will provide a written report, at least annually, to the Corporation s board of directors describing any issues arising under the Adviser s Code of Ethics or procedures since the last report to the board, including, but not limited to, information about material violations of the Adviser s Code of Ethics or procedures and sanctions imposed in response to material violations and certifying that the Adviser has adopted procedures reasonably necessary to prevent violations of the Adviser s Code of Ethics. 
 Technical compliance with the Code will not automatically insulate any Access Persons from scrutiny of transactions that show a pattern of compromise or abuse of the individual s fiduciary duty to the Corporation. Accordingly, all Access Persons must seek to avoid any actual or potential conflicts between their personal interests and the interests of the Corporation and its stockholders. In sum, all Access Persons shall place the interests of the Corporation before their own personal interests. 

Exhibit 14.1 

 All Access Persons must read this Code of Ethics. 
 Section II Definitions 
 (A) Access Person means any director, officer, general partner or Advisory Person (as defined below) of the Corporation or the Adviser. 
 (B) An Advisory Person of the Corporation or the Adviser means (i) any director, officer general partner or employee of the Corporation or the Adviser, or any company in a Control (as defined below) relationship to the Corporation or the Adviser, who in connection with such person s regular functions or duties makes, participates in, or obtains information regarding the purchase or sale of any Covered Security (as defined below) by the Corporation, or whose functions relate to the making of any recommendation with respect to such purchases or sales (ii) any natural person in a Control relationship to the Corporation or the Adviser, who obtains information concerning recommendations made to the Corporation with regard to the purchase or sale of any Covered Security by the Corporation and (iii) any other person deemed to be an Advisory Person by the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 (C) Beneficial Ownership is interpreted in the same manner as it would be under Rule 16a-1(a)(2) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the 1934 Act in determining whether a person is a beneficial owner of a security for purposes of Section 16 of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 (D) Chief Compliance Officer means the Chief Compliance Officer of the Corporation (who also may serve as the compliance officer of the Adviser and or one or more affiliates of the Adviser). 
 (E) Control shall have the same meaning as that set forth in Section 2(a)(9) of the Act. 
 (F) Covered Security means a security as defined in Section 2(a)(36) of the Act, which includes any note, stock, treasury stock, security future, bond, debenture, evidence of indebtedness, certificate of interest or participation in any profit-sharing agreement, collateral-trust certificate, pre-organization certificate or subscription, transferable share, investment contract, voting-trust certificate, certificate of deposit for a security, fractional undivided interest in oil, gas, or other mineral rights, any put, call, straddle, option, or privilege on any security (including a certificate of deposit) or on any group or index of securities (including any interest therein or based on the value thereof), or any put, call, straddle, option, or privilege entered into on a national securities exchange relating to foreign currency, or, in general, any interest or instrument commonly known as a security, or any certificate of interest or participation in, temporary or interim certificate for, receipt for, guarantee of, or warrant or right to subscribe to or purchase, any of the foregoing. 
 Except that Covered Security does not include (i) direct obligations of the Government of the United States (ii) bankers acceptances, bank certificates of deposit, commercial paper and high-quality short-term debt instruments, including repurchase agreements and (iii) shares issued by open-end investment companies registered under the Act. References to a Covered Security in this Code (e.g., a prohibition or requirement applicable to the purchase or sale of a Covered Security) 

Exhibit 14.1 

 shall be deemed to refer to and to include any warrant for, option in, or security immediately convertible into that Covered Security, and shall also include any instrument that has an investment return or value that is based, in whole or in part, on that Covered Security (collectively, Derivatives ). Therefore, except as otherwise specifically provided by this Code (i) any prohibition or requirement of this Code applicable to the purchase or sale of a Covered Security shall also be applicable to the purchase or sale of a Derivative relating to that Covered Security and (ii) any prohibition or requirement of this Code applicable to the purchase or sale of a Derivative shall also be applicable to the purchase or sale of a Covered Security relating to that Derivative. 
 (G) Independent Director means a director of the Corporation who is not an interested person of the Corporation within the meaning of Section 2(a)(19) of the Act. 
 (H) Initial Public Offering means an offering of securities registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (the 1933 Act ), the issuer of which, immediately before the registration, was not subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act. 
 (I) Investment Personnel of the Corporation or the Adviser means (i) any employee of the Corporation or the Adviser (or of any company in a Control relationship to the Corporation or the Adviser) who, in connection with such person s regular functions or duties, makes or participates in making recommendations regarding the purchase or sale of securities by the Corporation and (ii) any natural person who controls the Corporation or the Adviser and who obtains information concerning recommendations made to the Corporation regarding the purchase or sale of securities by the Corporation. 
 (J) Limited Offering means an offering that is exempt from registration under the 1933 Act pursuant to Section 4(2) or Section 4(5) thereof or pursuant to Rule 504, Rule 505, or Rule 506 thereunder. 
 (K) Security Held or to be Acquired by the Corporation means (i) any Covered Security which, within the most recent 15 days (A) is or has been held by the Corporation or (B) is being or has been considered by the Corporation or the Adviser for purchase by the Corporation and (ii) any option to purchase or sell, and any security convertible into or exchangeable for, a Covered Security described in Section II (K)(i). 
 (L) 17j-1 Organization means the Corporation or the Adviser, as the context requires 
 Section III Objective and General Prohibitions 
 Access Persons may not engage in any investment transaction under circumstances in which such Access Persons benefits from or interferes with the purchase or sale of investments by the Corporation. In addition, Access Persons may not use information concerning the investments or investment intentions of the Corporation, or their ability to influence such investment intentions, for personal gain or in a manner detrimental to the interests of the Corporation. 

Exhibit 14.1 

 Access Persons may not engage in conduct that is deceitful, fraudulent or manipulative, or that involves false or misleading statements, in connection with the purchase or sale of investments by the Corporation. In this regard, Access Persons should recognize that Rule 17j-1 makes it unlawful for any affiliated person of the Corporation, or any affiliated person of the Adviser, in connection with the purchase or sale, directly or indirectly, by the person of a Security Held or to be Acquired by the Corporation to 
 i. employ any device, scheme or artifice to defraud the Corporation 
 
 ii. make any untrue statement of a material fact to the Corporation or omit to state to the Corporation a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading 
 
 iii. engage in any act, practice or course of business that operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon the Corporation or 
 
 iv. engage in any manipulative practice with respect to the Corporation. 
 
 Access Persons should also recognize that a violation of this Code or of Rule 17j-1 may result in the imposition of (1) sanctions as provided by Section VIII below or (2) administrative, civil and, in certain cases, criminal fines, sanctions or penalties. 
 Section IV Prohibited Transactions 
 (A) Other than securities purchased or acquired by a fund affiliated with the Corporation and pursuant to an exemptive order under Section 57(i) of the Act permitting certain types of co-investments, an Access Person may not purchase or otherwise acquire direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership of any Covered Security, and may not sell or otherwise dispose of any Covered Security in which such person has direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership, if such person knows or should know at the time of entering into the transaction that (1) the Corporation has purchased or sold the Covered Security within the last 15 calendar days, or is purchasing or selling or intends to purchase or sell the Covered Security in the next 15 calendar days or (2) the Adviser has within the last 15 calendar days considered purchasing or selling the Covered Security for the Corporation or within the next 15 calendar days intends to consider purchasing or selling the Covered Security for the Corporation. 
 (B) No Access Person may purchase a Covered Security without first obtaining preapproval from the Chief Compliance Officer of the Corporation. From time to time, the Chief Compliance Officer of the Corporation may exempt individual Covered Securities or categories of Covered Securities from this requirement. 
 (C) Investment Personnel of the Corporation or the Adviser must obtain approval from the Corporation or the Adviser, as the case may be, before directly or indirectly acquiring Beneficial Ownership in any securities in an Initial Public Offering or in a Limited Offering, except when such 

Exhibit 14.1 

 securities are acquired by a fund affiliated with the Corporation and pursuant to an exemptive order under Section 57(i) of the Act permitting certain types of co-investments. Such approval must be obtained from the Chief Compliance Officer, unless the Chief Compliance Officer is the person seeking such approval, in which case it must be obtained from the President of the 17j-1 Organization. 
 (D) No Access Person shall recommend any transaction in any Covered Securities by the Corporation without having disclosed to the Chief Compliance Officer such Access Person s interest, if any, in such Covered Securities or the issuer thereof, including the Access Person s Beneficial Ownership of any Covered Securities of such issuer, except when such securities transactions are to be made by a fund affiliated with the Corporation and pursuant to an exemptive order under Section 57(i) of the Act permitting certain types of co-investments any contemplated transaction by the Access Person in such Covered Securities any position the Access Person has with such issuer and any present or proposed business relationship between such issuer and the Access Person (or a party which the Access Person has a significant interest). 
 Section V Reports by Access Persons 
 (A) Personal Securities Holdings Reports. 
 All Access Persons shall within 10 days of the date on which they become Access Persons, and thereafter, within 30 days after the end of each calendar year, disclose the title, number of shares and principal amount of all Covered Securities in which they have a direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership as of the date the person became an Access Person, in the case of such person s initial report, and as of the last day of the year, as to annual reports. Such report is hereinafter called a Personal Securities Holdings Report. Each Personal Securities Holdings Report must also disclose the name of any broker, dealer or bank with whom the Access Person maintained an account in which any securities were held for the direct or indirect benefit of the Access Person as of the date the person became an Access Person or as of the last day of the year, as the case may be. Each Personal Securities Holdings Report shall state the date it is being submitted. 
 (B) Quarterly Transaction Reports. 
 Within 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter, each Access Person shall make a written report to the Chief Compliance Officer of all transactions occurring in the quarter in a Covered Security in which such person had any direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership. Such report is hereinafter called a Quarterly Securities Transaction Report. 
 A Quarterly Securities Transaction Report shall be in the form approved by the Chief Compliance Officer 

(C) Independent Directors. 

Exhibit 14.1 

 Notwithstanding the reporting requirements set forth in this Section V, an Independent Director who would be required to make a report under this Section V solely by reason of being a director of the Corporation is not required to file a Personal Securities Holding Report upon becoming a director of the Corporation or annually thereafter. Such an Independent Director also need not file a Quarterly Securities Transaction Report unless such director knew or, in the ordinary course of fulfilling official duties as a director of the Corporation, should have known that during the 15-day period immediately preceding or after the date of the transaction in a Covered Security by the director such Covered Security is or was purchased or sold by the Corporation or the Corporation or the Adviser considered purchasing or selling such Covered Security. 
 (D) Access Persons of the Adviser. 
 An Access Person of the Adviser need not make a Personal Securities Holding Report or Quarterly Securities Transaction Report if the information in such reports would duplicate information required to be recorded pursuant to the Adviser s Code of Ethics. 
 (E) Brokerage Accounts and Statements. 
 Access Persons, except Independent Directors, shall 
 (1) instruct the brokers, dealers or banks with whom they maintain such an account to provide duplicate account statements to the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 (2) on an annual basis, certify that they have complied with the requirements of (1) above. 
 (F) Form of Reports. 
 A Quarterly Securities Transaction Report may consist of broker statements or other statements that provide a list of all personal Covered Securities holdings and transactions in the time period covered by the report and contain the information required in a Quarterly Securities Transaction Report. 
 (G) Responsibility to Report. 
 Access Persons will be informed of their obligations to report, however, it is the responsibility of each Access Person to take the initiative to comply with the requirements of this Section V. Any effort by the Corporation, or by the Adviser and its affiliates, to facilitate the reporting process does not change or alter that responsibility. A person need not make a report hereunder with respect to transactions effected for, and Covered Securities held in, any account over which the person has no direct or indirect influence or control. 
 (H) Where to File Reports and Forms. 

Exhibit 14.1 

 (1) All Quarterly Securities Transaction Reports and Personal Securities Holdings Reports, as well as Private Company Securities and IPO Request and Reporting Forms, must be filed with the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 (2) The Chief Compliance Officer may, from time to time, adopt new methods to submit all Quarterly Securities Transaction Reports and Personal Securities Holdings Reports, as well as Private Company Securities and IPO Request and Reporting Forms. These new methods, which could include electronic submission of information equivalent to the information currently required under this Code, will be deemed to satisfy the reporting obligations under this Code. 
 (I) Disclaimers. 
 Any report required by this Section V may contain a statement that the report will not be construed as an admission that the person making the report has any direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership in the Covered Security to which the report relates. 
 Section VI Additional Prohibitions 
 (A) Confidentiality of the Corporation s Transactions. 
 Until disclosed in a public report to stockholders or to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC in the normal course, all information concerning the securities being considered for purchase or sale by the Corporation shall be kept confidential by all Access Persons and disclosed by them only on a need to know basis. It shall be the responsibility of the Chief Compliance Officer to report any inadequacy found in this regard to the directors of the Corporation. 
 (B) Insider Trading. 
 (1) Clearance of Transactions. The Corporation requires that all purchases and sales of Corporation securities by Access Persons (and their respective immediate family members) be cleared by the Chief Compliance Officer or the Chief Compliance Officer s designee prior to placing any order related to such transactions. Currently, the only Corporation securities available for purchase is the common stock of Golub Capital BDC, Inc. traded on the Nasdaq under the ticker symbol GBDC Shares ). 
 (2) Window Period. After receiving clearance from the Chief Compliance Officer of the Corporation, Access Persons may purchase or sell Shares only during a designated window period. Should the end of the window period fall on a weekend, such window will be extended through close of business on the following business day. Significantly, however, even during a window period, Access Persons may not engage in transactions involving Shares if such person is in possession of material, nonpublic information on the trade date. 
 (3) Avoidance of Speculative Transactions. Certain types of transactions as well as the timing of trading may raise an inference of the improper use of inside information. In order to avoid 

Exhibit 14.1 

 even the appearance of impropriety, the Corporation discourages trades by Access Persons that are of a short-term, speculative nature rather than for investment purposes. 
 (4) Limited Disclosure. Access Persons who have access to material information regarding the Corporation or its operations should exercise the utmost caution in preserving the confidentiality of that information. If anyone becomes aware of a leak of material information, whether inadvertent or otherwise, such person should report such leak immediately to the Chief Compliance Officer. Any insider who leaks inside information to a tippee may be equally liable with the tippee to third parties for any profit of the tippee. Of course, it will be necessary from time to time, for legitimate business reasons, to disclose material information to persons outside of the Corporation. Such persons might include commercial bankers, investment bankers or other companies with whom the Corporation may be pursuing a joint project. In such situations, material nonpublic information should not be conveyed until an express understanding, typically in the form of the Corporation s standard nondisclosure agreement, or NDA, has been reached that such information may not be used for trading purposes and may not be further disclosed other than for legitimate business reasons. Please contact the Chief Compliance Officer before disclosing any material non-public information regarding the Corporation to a third party or entering into an NDA. 
 Section VII Annual Certification 
 (A) Access Persons. 
 Access Persons who are directors, managers, partners, officers or employees of the Corporation or the Adviser shall be required to certify annually that they have read this Code and or the Adviser s Code of Ethics, and that they understand the applicable code and recognize that they are subject to it. Further, such Access Persons shall be required to certify annually that they have complied with the requirements of this Code and or the Adviser s Code of Ethics. 
 (B) Board Review. 
 No less frequently than annually, the Corporation and the Adviser must furnish to the Corporation s board of directors, and the board must consider, a written report that (A) describes any material issues arising under this Code or procedures since the last report to the board, including, but not limited to, information about material violations of the Code or procedures and sanctions imposed in response to violations and (B) certifies that the Corporation or the Adviser, as applicable, has adopted procedures reasonably necessary to prevent Access Persons from violating the Code. 
 Section VIII Sanctions 
 Any violation of this Code shall be subject to the imposition of such sanctions by the 17j-1 Organization as may be deemed appropriate under the circumstances to achieve the purposes of Rule 17j-1 and this Code. The sanctions to be imposed shall be determined by the board of directors, including a majority of the Independent Directors, provided, however, that with respect to violations by persons who are directors, managers, partners, officers or employees of the Adviser (or of a company that controls 

Exhibit 14.1 

 the Adviser), the sanctions to be imposed shall be determined by the Adviser (or the controlling person thereof). Sanctions may include, but are not limited to, suspension or termination of employment, a letter of censure and or restitution of an amount equal to the difference between the price paid or received by the Corporation and the more advantageous price paid or received by the offending person. 
 Section IX Administration and Construction 
 (A) The administration of this Code shall be the responsibility of the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 (B) The duties of the Chief Compliance Officer and the Chief Compliance Officer s department are as follows 
 (1) On an annual basis, providing all Access Persons a copy of this Code and informing such persons of their duties and obligations hereunder including any supplemental training that may be required from time to time 
 (2) Maintaining or supervising the maintenance of all records and reports required by this Code 
 (3) Reviewing all Personal Securities Holdings Reports and Quarterly Securities Transaction Reports 
 (4) Preparing listings of all transactions effected by Access Persons who are subject to the requirement to file Quarterly Securities Transaction Reports and reviewing such transactions against a listing of all transactions effected by the Corporation 
 (5) Issuance either personally or with the assistance of counsel as may be appropriate, of interpretations of any provision of this Code that may appear inconsistent with the objectives of Rule 17j-1 and this Code 
 (6) Conduct such inspections or investigations as shall reasonably be required to detect and report, with recommendations, any apparent violations of this Code to the board of directors of the Corporation and 
 (7) Submission of a written report to the board of directors of the Corporation, no less frequently than annually, that describes any issues arising under the Code since the last such report, including but not limited to the information described in Section VII (B). 
 (C) The Chief Compliance Officer shall maintain and cause to be maintained in an easily accessible place at the principal place of business of the 17j-1 Organization, the following records and must make these records available to the SEC at any time and from time to time for reasonable periodic, special or other examinations 

Exhibit 14.1 

 (1) A copy of all codes of ethics adopted by the Corporation or the Adviser and its affiliates, as the case may be, pursuant to Rule 17j-1 that have been in effect at any time during the past 5 years 
 (2) A record of each violation of such codes of ethics and of any action taken as a result of such violation for at least 5 years after the end of the fiscal year in which the violation occurs 
 (3) A copy of each report made by an Access Person for at least 2 years after the end of the fiscal year in which the report is made, and for an additional 3 years in a place that need not be easily accessible 
 (4) A copy of each report made by the Chief Compliance Officer to the board of directors for 2 years from the end of the fiscal year of the Corporation in which such report is made or issued and for an additional 3 years in a place that need not be easily accessible 
 (5) A list of all persons who are, or within the past 5 years have been, required to make reports pursuant to the Rule 17j-1 and this Code of Ethics, or who are or were responsible for reviewing such reports 
 (6) A copy of each report required by Section VII (B) for at least 2 years after the end of the fiscal year in which it is made, and for an additional 3 years in a place that need not be easily accessible and 
 (7) A record of any decision, and the reasons supporting the decision, to approve the acquisition by Investment Personnel of securities in an Initial Public Offering or Limited Offering for at least 5 years after the end of the fiscal year in which the approval is granted. 
 (D) This Code may not be amended or modified except in a written form that is specifically approved by majority vote of the Independent Directors. 
 
 Adopted March 5, 2010 
 Reviewed and Amended November 27, 2012 
 Reviewed and Amended February 2, 2016 
 Reviewed and Amended August 2, 2017 
 Reviewed and Amended, effective November 20, 2020 
 Reviewed and Amended, effective November 19, 2021 
 Reviewed and Amended, effective April 4, 2023 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-14.2>
 6
 gcred-fy2310xkexhibit142.htm
 EX-14.2

Document 
 Exhibit 14.2 

GC ADVISORS LLC 
 CODE OF ETHICS 
 General 
 
 This Code of Ethics for the Adviser supplements (i) the Joint Code of Ethics for Golub Capital BDC, Inc., Golub Capital BDC 3, Inc., Golub Capital BDC 4, Inc., Golub Capital Direct Lending Corporation, Golub Capital Direct Lending Unlevered Corporation, Golub Capital Private Credit Fund, GC Advisors LLC and GC OPAL Advisors LLC that is applicable in connection with Golub Capital BDC, Inc., Golub Capital BDC 3, Inc., Golub Capital BDC 4, Inc., Golub Capital Direct Lending Corporation, Golub Capital Direct Lending Unlevered Corporation and Golub Capital Private Credit Fund and (ii) the policies and procedures contained in the Compliance Manual for the Adviser. 
 The Code of Ethics is predicated on the principle that the Adviser owes a fiduciary duty to its Clients. Accordingly, the Adviser s employees must avoid activities, interests and relationships that run contrary (or appear to run contrary) to the best interests of its Clients. At all times, Adviser employees must 
 Place Client interests ahead of the Adviser s interests As a fiduciary, the Adviser must serve its Clients best interests. In other words, Adviser employees may not benefit at the expense of the Clients. This concept is particularly relevant when employees are making personal investments in securities traded by the Adviser s Clients. 
 Engage in personal investing that is in full compliance with the Adviser s Code of Ethics Employees must review and abide by the Adviser s personal securities transaction and insider trading policies. 
 Avoid taking advantage of the employee s position Employees must not accept investment opportunities, gifts or other gratuities from individuals seeking to conduct business with the Adviser, or on behalf of a Client, where such opportunities, gifts or gratuities could create the appearance of impropriety or might otherwise influence a decision to conduct business with such other party. 
 Maintain full compliance with the federal securities laws It is the Adviser s policy that all employees must abide by the standards set forth in Rule 204A-1 (the Code of Ethics Rule for registered investment advisers under the Advisers Act. 
 Any questions with respect to the Adviser s Code of Ethics should be directed to the Chief Compliance Officer. As discussed in greater detail below, employees must promptly report any violations of the Code of Ethics to the Chief Compliance Officer. All reported Code of Ethics violations will be treated as being made on an anonymous basis. 

Exhibit 14.2 

 Guiding Principles & Standards of Conduct 
 All employees and members of the Adviser, and consultants closely associated with the Adviser, will act with competence, dignity and integrity, in an ethical manner, when dealing with Clients, the public, prospects, third-party service providers and fellow employees. The following set of principles frames the professional and ethical conduct that the Adviser expects from its employees and consultants 
 Act with integrity, competence, diligence, respect, and in an ethical manner with the public, Clients, prospective clients, employers, employees, colleagues in the investment profession, and other participants in the global capital markets 
 Place the integrity of the investment profession, the interests of Clients, and the interests of the Adviser above one s own personal interests 
 Adhere to the fundamental standard that the employee or consultant should not take inappropriate advantage of such person s position 
 Conduct all personal securities transactions in a manner consistent with this policy 
 Use reasonable care and exercise independent professional judgment when conducting investment analysis, making investment recommendations, taking investment actions, and engaging in other professional activities 
 Practice and encourage others to practice in a professional and ethical manner that will reflect credit on such person and the profession 
 Promote the integrity of, and uphold the rules governing, capital markets and 
 Comply with applicable provisions of the federal securities laws. 
 I. PERSONAL SECURITIES TRANSACTION POLICY 
 Employees may freely trade in Permitted Securities (as defined below). If an employee wishes to trade in Reportable Securities (as defined below), such employee must obtain pre-clearance according to the Personal Securities Transaction Policy set forth below. 
 Permitted Securities 
 Government securities, certificates of deposit, commercial paper and similar money market instruments, exchange-traded funds and closed-end funds, mutual funds e.g. , open ended investment companies), variable annuities, transactions in managed accounts e.g., accounts where a 3 rd party manager has full trading authority) are Permitted Securities Permitted Securities and as such, are not required to be pre-cleared by employees under the Personal Securities Transaction Policy. Transactions in such securities are, however, subject to the 30-day recommended holding period described below. Employees may, if eligible to do so, invest in private funds run by others (a Third-Party Fund without receiving pre-clearance, but such 

Exhibit 14.2 

 investment remains subject to all of the policies and procedures in this Manual including the reporting provisions contained herein. 
 Reportable Securities 
 The Adviser will regard the following as reportable securities Reportable Securities for purposes of complying with this policy any note, stock, bond, debenture, evidence of indebtedness, certificate of interest or participation in any profit-sharing agreement, collateral-trust certificate, fractional undivided interest in oil, gas, or other mineral rights, any options on reportable securities, or in general, any interest or instrument commonly known as a security that is not a Permitted Security. 
 Non-Securities 
 Commodities (and futures and options on commodities) that are traded on a commodities exchange, including currency futures are generally not considered securities and do not need to be reported. 
 Pre-Clearance Procedures 
 The Adviser s employees must have written clearance for any personal securities transaction (except for any transaction involving a Permitted Security or Third-Party Fund) before completing the transaction . Employees may request pre-clearance through the means then-propagated by the Chief Compliance Officer of the firm, and such means may change from time to time. 
 If pre-clearance is granted, the pre-clearance approval is generally valid only for the trading day on which the approval is granted except that if the approval is granted after 4 p.m. Eastern Time (e.g., New York City time), the approval extends to 4 p.m. Eastern Time (e.g., New York City time) the following business day. 
 Short Term Trading Adverse Trading 
 Adviser employees are encouraged to refrain from engaging in short-term (e.g., holding periods under 30 days) personal trading. Repeated short-term trading may subject the employee to sanctions by the Adviser. Except for limited circumstances and subject to disclosure and pre-clearance approval, Adviser employees should not execute trades opposite of positions the Adviser takes on behalf of its clients. 
 Beneficial Ownership 
 Employees are considered to have beneficial ownership of securities Beneficial Ownership if they have or share a direct or indirect pecuniary interest in the securities. Employees have a pecuniary interest in securities if they have the ability to directly or indirectly profit from a securities transaction. 

Exhibit 14.2 

 The following are examples of indirect pecuniary interests in securities 
 Securities held by members of employees immediate family sharing the same household. Immediate family means any relative, spouse or significant other, or relative of the spouse or significant other of an employee 
 An employee s interest as a general partner in securities held by a general or limited partnership and 
 An employee s interest as a manager member in the securities held by a limited liability company. 
 Employees do not have an indirect pecuniary interest in securities held by entities in which they hold an equity interest unless they are a controlling equity holder or they share investment control over the securities held by the entity. 
 The following circumstances constitute beneficial ownership by employees of securities held by a trust 
 Legal ownership of securities as a trustee by an employee or members of the employees immediate family 
 Ownership of a vested beneficial interest in a trust by an employee or members of the employees immediate family and 
 An employee s status as a settlor of a trust, unless the consent of all of the beneficiaries is required in order for the employee to revoke the trust. 
 Restricted Securities 
 Anytime an employee receives material non-public information (as described in Part II, below) about a company that has issued publicly traded securities (a Public Company ), that company will be added to the Adviser s Restricted Securities List. Employees will be responsible for contacting the compliance golubcapital.com any time that they receive or intend to receive any non-public information about a Public Company. 
 A copy of all executed confidentiality agreements concerning a Public Company must be brought to the attention of the Chief Compliance Officer. Once an authorized signatory for the Adviser has signed a confidentiality agreement for the purpose of receiving non-public information about a Public Company, the company may be placed on the Restricted Securities List if the non-public information received about the Public Company is material. 
 Employees are responsible for notifying the Chief Compliance Officer of any other circumstances in which they or the firm should be restricted pursuant to this Code of Ethics. 
 Employees may not trade securities in a Public Company on the Restricted Securities List, including but not limited to, trading in an Employee s personal account or on behalf of a 

Exhibit 14.2 

 Client account without receiving pre-clearance from the Compliance Department. Investment professionals should consider the fact that they will be restricted from trading the public securities of a Public Company for which any employee has received non-public information when evaluating any potential hedging strategies for positions. Employees may be unable to liquidate personal or Client holdings of securities that are subsequently added to the Restricted Securities List. 
 Unless the Chief Compliance sets up ethical walls, all employees, whether investment professionals or non-investment professionals, will be regarded as having access to any non-public information about a Public Company that has been received by any other employee. 
 The Chief Compliance Officer or the Chief Compliance Officer s designee will periodically review each Public Company on the Restricted Securities List to determine whether any employees remain in possession of non-public information. Additionally, a Public Company can be removed from the Restricted List by the Chief Compliance Officer or the Chief Compliance Officer s designee at other times if it can be determined that no employee remains in possession of non-public information, and no employee has any intention of obtaining such information. 
 Investments in Private Company Securities and Initial Public Offerings 
 Employees may not acquire, directly or indirectly, any Beneficial Ownership in any limited offering or initial public offering IPO without first obtaining prior approval of the Chief Compliance Officer or the Chief Compliance Officer s designee in order to preclude any possibility of the employee profiting improperly from such employee s position with the Adviser. The Chief Compliance Officer or the Chief Compliance Officer s designee shall (1) obtain from the employee full details of the proposed transaction (including written certification that the investment opportunity did not arise by virtue of the employee s activities on behalf of a Client) and (2) conclude, after consultation with a portfolio manager (who has no personal interest in the issuer of the limited offering or IPO), that no Clients have any foreseeable interest in purchasing such security. A record of such approval and the reasons supporting those decisions shall be kept as required in the Records section of this Policy. 
 Reporting 
 In order to provide the Adviser with information to enable it to determine with reasonable assurance any indications of front-running or the appearance of a conflict of interest with the trading by any Client account, each Adviser employee must submit a report to the Chief Compliance Officer or the Chief Compliance Officer s designee showing all transactions in which the person has, or by reason of such transaction acquires, any direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership except for exempt transactions listed in the section below entitled Exemptions from Reporting Requirements. 

Exhibit 14.2 

 Transaction Reports 
 Employees are required to (i) instruct their broker-dealers to send to the Adviser duplicate broker-dealer trade confirmations and account statements which must be received by the Chief Compliance Officer, at a minimum, no later than thirty (30) days after the end of each calendar quarter and or (ii) complete such paperwork as is required by the Chief Compliance Officer so that such information may be provided electronically to the firm. If an employee s trades do not occur through a broker-dealer (e.g., purchase of a private investment fund), such transactions shall be reported separately on the quarterly personal securities transaction report. The quarterly transaction reports shall contain at least the following information for each transaction in a Reportable Security in which the employee had, or as a result of the transaction acquired, any direct or indirect beneficial ownership (a) the date of the transaction, the title, and as applicable the exchange ticker symbol or CUSIP number, the interest rate and maturity date (if applicable), the number of shares and the principal amount of each Reportable Security involved (b) the nature of the transaction (e.g., purchase, sale or any other type of acquisition or disposition) (c) the price of the Reportable Security at which the transaction was effected (d) the name of the broker, dealer or bank with or through which the transaction was effected and (e) the date that the report is submitted. Employees are reminded that they must also report transactions by members of the employee s immediate family including spouse, children and other members of the household in accounts over which the employee has direct or indirect influence or control. If an employee has arranged to have monthly brokerage statements delivered to the Chief Compliance Officer, directly or electronically, then quarterly transaction reports are not required. 
 Initial and Annual Holdings Reports 
 New Adviser employees will be required to report all of their personal securities holdings not later than 10 days after the commencement of their employment. The initial holdings report must be current as of a date not more than 45 days prior to the date the person becomes an employee. 
 Existing employees are required to certify to the Adviser on an annual basis that the Adviser has a complete list of the Adviser s holdings. 
 Each holdings report (both the initial and annual) must contain, at a minimum (a) the title and type of security, and as applicable the exchange ticker symbol or CUSIP number, number of shares, and principal amount of each reportable security in which the employee has any direct or indirect beneficial ownership (b) the name of any broker, dealer or bank with which the employee maintains an account in which any securities are held for the employee s direct or indirect benefit and (c) the date the employee submits the report. 
 Duplicate Copies 
 In order to help ensure that duplicate brokerage confirmations are received for all accounts pertaining to a particular employee, such employee must complete and send a brokerage letter to each bank, broker or dealer maintaining an account on behalf of the employee if requested by the Chief Compliance Officer. 

Exhibit 14.2 

 Exceptions from Reporting Requirement 
 Employees are not required to submit (1) a transaction or initial and annual holdings report with respect to securities held in accounts over which the access person had no direct or indirect influence or control, or (2) a transaction report with respect to transactions effected pursuant to an automatic investment plan. 
 New Account Report 
 A report shall be completed by an employee, when applicable, to disclose the name of any new account established by the employee during the quarter in which any securities, including Permitted Securities, were held for the direct or indirect benefit of the employee and include (a) the name of the broker, dealer or bank with whom the employee established the account (b) the date the account was established and (c) the date that the report is submitted by the employee. 
 Review 
 The Adviser strictly forbids front-running Client accounts, which is a practice generally understood to be employees personally trading ahead of Client accounts. The Chief Compliance Officer will closely monitor employees investment patterns to detect these abuses. The Adviser s members will monitor the Chief Compliance Officer s personal securities transactions for compliance with the Personal Securities Transaction Policy. 
 The reason for the development of a post-transaction review process is to ensure that the Adviser has developed procedures to supervise the activities of its access persons. The comparison of employee trades to those of Clients will identify potential conflicts of interest or the appearance of a potential conflict. 
 If the Adviser discovers that an employee is personally trading contrary to the policies set forth above, the employee shall meet with the Chief Compliance Officer and the Adviser s members to review the facts surrounding the transactions. This meeting shall help the Adviser to determine the appropriate course of action. 
 Remedial Actions 
 The Adviser takes the potential for conflicts of interest caused by personal investing very seriously. Employees should be aware that the Adviser reserves the right to impose varied sanctions on policy violators depending on the severity of the policy violation, including termination of employment. 
 II. POLICIES AND PROCEDURES TO DETECT AND PREVENT INSIDER TRADING 
 The Adviser s business may require employees to deal with confidential information. The proper handling of material, non-public information is critical to the Adviser s integrity. The Adviser s reputation is a vital asset and even the appearance of the misuse of material, non-public information should be avoided. The misuse of non-public information may violate federal 

Exhibit 14.2 

 and state securities laws and other legal and regulatory requirements. Violations may be damaging to both the reputation and financial position of the Adviser and its employees. 
 The Adviser forbids trading, either for oneself or for others, on material, non-public information or communicating material, non-public information to others in violation of the law. This conduct is frequently called insider trading. The Adviser s policy extends to activities within and outside one s relationship with the Adviser. Individuals who cease to work for the Adviser must continue to maintain the confidentiality of inside and proprietary information learned during their employment. 
 Although insider trading is not defined in securities laws, it is generally thought to be described as trading either personally or on behalf of others on the basis of material non-public information or communicating material non-public information to others in violation of the law. 
 In the past, securities laws have been interpreted to prohibit the following activities 
 Trading by an insider while in possession of material non-public information 
 Trading by a non-insider while in possession of material non-public information, where the information was disclosed to the non-insider in violation of an insider s duty to keep it confidential or 
 Communicating material non-public information to others in breach of a fiduciary duty. 
 Whom Does the Policy Cover 
 This policy covers all of the Adviser s employees covered persons as well as any transactions in any securities participated in by family members, trusts or corporations directly or indirectly controlled by such persons. In addition, the policy applies to transactions engaged in by corporations in which the covered person is an officer, director or 10 or greater stockholder and a partnership of which the covered person is a partner unless the covered person has no direct or indirect control over the partnership. If any employee has questions about whom this policy covers, such employee should consult the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 What Information is Material 
 Information is material when there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider it important in making investment decisions. Generally, this is information whose disclosure will have a substantial effect on the price of a company s securities. No simple bright line test exists to determine whether information is material assessments of materiality involve highly fact specific inquiries. Adviser employees should direct any questions regarding the materiality of information to the Chief Compliance Officer. The following is an illustrative list of the type of information that is generally regarded as material 
 Information relating to a company s results and operations 
 Dividend or earnings announcements 

Exhibit 14.2 

 Write-downs or write-offs of assets 
 Additions to reserves for bad debts or contingent liabilities 
 Expansion or curtailment of company or major division operations 
 Merger, joint venture announcements 
 New product service announcements 
 Discovery or research developments 
 Criminal, civil and government investigations and indictments 
 Pending labor disputes 
 Debt service or liquidity problems 
 Bankruptcy or insolvency problems 
 Tender offers, stock repurchase plans, etc. 
 Recapitalization 
 Information provided by a company could be material because of its expected effect on a particular class of a company s securities, all of the company s securities, the securities of another company, or the securities of several companies. The misuse of material non-public information applies to all types of securities, including equity, debt, commercial paper, government securities and options. 
 Material information does not have to relate to a company s business. For example, material information about the contents of an upcoming newspaper column may affect the price of a security and therefore be considered material. Material information may also relate to the market for a security. Information about a significant order to purchase or sell securities, in some contexts, may be deemed material similarly, prepublication information regarding reports in the financial press may also be deemed material. 
 What Information is Non-Public 
 In order for issues concerning insider trading to arise, information must not only be material, but also non-public. Non-public information generally means information that has not been available to the investing public. 
 Once material, non-public information has been effectively distributed to the investing public, it is no longer classified as material, non-public information. However, the distribution of non-public information must occur through commonly recognized channels for the classification to change. In addition, the information must not only be publicly disclosed, there 

Exhibit 14.2 

 must be adequate time for the public to receive and digest the information. Lastly, non-public information does not change to public information solely by selective dissemination. 
 The Adviser s employees must be aware that even where there is no expectation of confidentiality, a person may become an insider upon receiving material, non-public information. Whether the tip made to the employee makes such employee a tippee depends on whether the corporate insider expects to benefit personally, either directly or indirectly, from the disclosure. 
 The benefit is not limited to a present or future monetary gain it could be a reputational benefit or an expectation of a quid pro quo from the recipient by a gift of the information. Employees may also become insiders or tippees if they obtain material, non-public information by happenstance, at social gatherings, by overhearing conversations, etc. 
 Penalties for Trading on Insider Information 
 Severe penalties exist for firms and individuals that engage in the act of insider trading, including civil injunctions, treble damages, disgorgement of profits and jail sentences. Further, fines for individuals and firms found guilty of insider trading are levied in amounts up to three times the profit gained or loss avoided, and up to the greater of 1,000,000 or three times the profit gained or loss avoided, respectively. 

Exhibit 14.2 

 Procedures to Follow if an Employee Believes That Such Employee Possesses Material, Non-Public Information 
 The Adviser has established the following procedures to help each employee avoid insider trading and to aid the Adviser in preventing, detecting and imposing sanctions against insider trading. Each employee must follow these procedures or risk serious sanctions, including dismissal, substantial personal liability and criminal penalties. If any employee has questions about these procedures, such employee should consult the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 If an employee has questions as to whether such employee is in possession of material, non-public information, the employee must inform the Chief Compliance Officer as soon as possible. From this point, the employee, the Chief Compliance Officer and the Adviser s members will conduct research to determine if the information is likely to be considered important to investors in making investment decisions and whether the information has been publicly disseminated. 
 Given the severe penalties imposed on individuals and firms engaging in insider trading, an Adviser employee 
 shall not trade the securities of any company in which such employee is deemed an insider who may possess material, non-public information about the company 
 shall not trade the securities of any company except in accordance with the Adviser s Personal Securities Transaction Policy and the securities laws 
 shall submit personal security trading reports in accordance with the Personal Security Transaction Policy 
 shall not discuss any potentially material, non-public information with colleagues, except as specifically required by such employee s position 
 shall immediately report the potential receipt of non-public information to the Chief Compliance Officer and the Adviser s members and 
 shall not proceed with any research, trading or other investment advisory activities until the Chief Compliance Officer and the Adviser s members inform the employee of the appropriate course of action. 
 III. DIRECTORSHIPS OUTSIDE BUSINESS ACTIVITIES 
 Serving as Officers, Trustees and or Directors of Outside Organizations 
 Employees may, under certain circumstances, be granted permission to serve as directors, trustees or officers of outside organizations. These organizations can include public or private corporations, partnerships, charitable foundations and other not-for-profit institutions. Employees may also receive compensation for such activities. 

Exhibit 14.2 

 At certain times, the Adviser may determine that it is in its Clients best interests for an employee to serve as an officer or on the board of directors of outside organizations. For example, a company held in Clients portfolios may be undergoing a reorganization that may affect the value of the company s outstanding securities and the future direction of the company. Service with organizations outside of the Adviser can, however, raise serious regulatory issues and concerns, including conflicts of interests and access to material non-public information. 
 As an outside board member or officer, an employee may come into possession of material non-public information about the outside company or other public companies. It is critical that a proper information barrier be in place between the Adviser and the outside organization and that the employee not communicate such information to other Adviser employees in violation of the information barrier. 
 Similarly, the Adviser may have a business relationship with the outside organization or may seek a relationship in the future. In those circumstances, the employee should not be involved in the decision to retain or hire the Adviser. 
 Adviser employees are prohibited from engaging in such outside activities without the prior written approval from the Chief Compliance Officer. Approval will be granted on a case-by-case basis, subject to proper resolution of potential conflicts of interest. Outside activities will be approved only if any conflict of interest issues can be satisfactorily resolved. 
 Outside Business Activities 
 Adviser personnel generally may not be employed (either on a part-time, evening or weekend basis) or compensated by any business other than the Adviser or one of its affiliates. 
 Approval of the Chief Compliance Officer for any of the above activities must be obtained prior to engaging in such activity so that determinations may be made regarding (1) the degree to which such activity may interfere with the employee s duties to the Adviser and the Clients and (2) whether such activity involves conflicts of interest between the Adviser and any Client that need to be disclosed and may require Client and or Fund Investor consent. 
 IV. RUMORS MANIPULATIVE TRADING PRACTICES 
 A. Rumors 
 Supervised Persons are prohibited from circulating false rumors and rumors of a sensational character that reasonably may be expected to affect market conditions for one or more securities, sectors or markets, or improperly influencing any person or entity. Intentionally creating, passing or using false rumors may violate the antifraud provisions of federal securities laws, and such conduct is contradictory to this Code of Ethics and the Adviser s expectations regarding appropriate behavior of its Supervised Persons. 
 A Supervised Person should consult with the Chief Compliance Officer if such Supervised Person has questions regarding the appropriateness of any communications. 

Exhibit 14.2 

 B. Manipulative Trading Practices 
 Section 9(a)(2) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder make it unlawful for any person, acting alone or with others, to trade any security in order to create actual or apparent active trading in such security, or raise or depress the price of the security. 
 Supervised Persons are prohibited from engaging in actual or apparent trading in a security for the purpose of (a) inducing the purchase or sale of such security by others or (b) causing the price of a security to move up or down. The Exchange Act does not prohibit otherwise lawful activity that has the incidental result of changing the supply or demand or the intrinsic value of a security. 
 V. POLITICAL CONTRIBUTION POLICY 
 Pay-to-play is the practice of making campaign contributions and related payments to elected officials in order to influence the awarding of lucrative contracts for the management of public pension plan assets and similar government investment accounts. The SEC has adopted measures to curtail pay-to-play practices by registered investment advisers. The Adviser prohibits any Supervised Person from making a political contribution to gain, or to attempt to gain, an engagement for the Adviser or any affiliate. 
 The Adviser also prohibits any Supervised Person from making any political contributions without prior written approval as outlined in the policy statement below 
 This policy statement is necessary to comply with laws, regulations and governmental policies relating to political contributions to public officials and candidates by investment managers, their employees and certain related parties described below, or relating to their solicitation or coordination of political contributions. For this purpose, a political contribution includes any gift, loan, deposit, transition or inaugural expense, or anything of value other than unpaid volunteer time, or any indirect contributions directed, funded or solicited through third parties. 
 This policy statement covers any owner, director, officer, employee or agent of Golub Capital, any of their household members, or any political action committee or other entity that they control. It prohibits any such person or entity covered by this policy statement from making a contribution to anyone who is, or who is campaigning to become, a state, local or public retirement plan official, without first notifying Golub Capital and receiving prior approval from Compliance. A candidate for federal office that is currently a state, local or retirement plan official would be subject to this restriction. Prior notice and approval are also required prior to the solicitation or coordination of political contributions for anyone who is, or who is campaigning to become, a state, local or public retirement plan official, or for state or local political parties. 
 The purpose of this policy statement is not to unnecessarily limit political contributions and activities, but to comply with applicable laws, regulations and 

Exhibit 14.2 

 governmental policies applicable to Golub Capital, including changes that might occur in the law. Therefore, Golub Capital will normally approve political contributions and activities that comply with applicable laws, regulations and governmental policies, do not impose a material risk to Golub Capital in light of possible changes that might occur and do not otherwise impose a material risk to the business or reputation of Golub Capital. For example, under current rules, Golub Capital will normally approve contributions outside the State of New York by persons who are not in management or fundraising roles or who make contributions under certain dollar thresholds. Golub Capital also will normally approve contributions in the State of New York under certain dollar thresholds by persons entitled to vote for the office involved. Similarly, Golub Capital will normally approve contributions involving governmental offices that are not involved in the management of assets or the selection of investment managers, and that are not in a position to appoint or otherwise influence such officials. In all events, however, Golub Capital may be required to keep records of contributions and solicitation and coordination activities of persons and entities covered by this policy statement, and to disclose those records to its governmental regulators. 
 This policy statement may change as laws, regulations and governmental policies change. This policy statement is in addition to, and does not replace, other policies of Golub Capital with respect to complying with laws and maintaining the highest level of integrity concerning Golub Capital s dealings with its Investors, including but not limited to Investors that represent state, municipal and retirement plan assets. 
 VI. PROVIDING INVESTMENT ADVICE TO PERSONS OTHER THAN ADVISER CLIENTS DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INTEREST IN TRANSACTIONS 
 To avoid conflicts with the interests of Clients, no Supervised Person may provide investment advice (e.g., advice as to the value of securities, or as to the advisability of investing in, purchasing or selling securities) or portfolio management services for compensation to any person, other than a Client, under any circumstances, unless that arrangement is disclosed to and approved by the Chief Compliance Officer. Such investment advice would be considered an outside business activity and should be reported as such. It is a conflict of interest to recommend any security to a Client, or to direct any transaction for a Client in that security, if a Supervised Person has a personal interest in that security. Therefore, if a Supervised Person has a personal interest in a security (other than an interest in a Fund), such Supervised Person must disclose that interest to the Chief Compliance Officer before recommending that security or before directing an investment decision with respect to that security. If a Supervised Person has the power to direct any transaction in any such security, investment personnel with no personal interest in such security must review such an investment decision. A personal interest in a security may be financial, but it may also involve another interest, such as a family or friend s involvement with a security. This shall not, however, prohibit a Supervised Person from making investment decisions for such Supervised Person s own account, subject to the Code of Ethics. 

Exhibit 14.2 

 VII. GIFTS 
 Receiving Excessive Gifts or Entertainment is Prohibited 
 Receiving excessive gifts or entertainment from others who may represent actual or potential vendors is prohibited. Supervised Persons may accept only business-related meals, entertainment, gifts, or favors when the value involved is not significant and clearly will not create any appearance of a conflict of interest or an obligation to the donor. The value of a gift or favor should be less than 100 and may not be part of a recurrent pattern of giving. Each Supervised Person may accept gifts from a single giver (any firm or natural person associated with such firm) in amounts not exceeding 100 in any year. Such prohibition does not limit ordinary and usual business entertainment provided by a firm or its associates to Supervised Persons. Thus, when a firm or its associates are hosting Supervised Persons at an occasional meal, sporting event, theater production or comparable entertainment event, such an event would not be subject to the 100 gift restriction so long as it is neither so frequent nor so extensive as to raise any question of propriety. 
 Approval Required for Receipt of Gifts in Excess of 100 
 Before accepting anything with an assumed individual or aggregate value (except for those items of business entertainment noted directly above) from any outside business person in excess of 100 during any year, a Supervised Person must obtain the written approval of the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 Providing Excessive Gifts or Entertainment is Prohibited 
 Providing excessive gifts or entertainment to others who may represent actual or prospective clients is also prohibited. Giving extravagant gifts or entertainment to the fiduciary of an account can be construed as an inducement to such fiduciary to allocate client assets on a basis other than the suitability of the manager. Further, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA and many state laws (with respect to state plans) prohibit such gifts. 
 In any case, no gifts or entertainment of any value should be given with respect to any ERISA or Taft-Hartley benefit plan investor, state or municipal pension plans or state or local elected officials without prior approval of the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 Supervised Persons may give only business-related meals, entertainment, gifts or favors when the value involved is not significant and clearly will not create any appearance of a conflict of interest or an obligation to the donor. The value of a gift or favor should be less than 250 and may not be part of a recurrent pattern of giving. Each Supervised Person may give gifts to a single receiver (any firm or natural person associated with such firm) in amounts not exceeding 250 in any year. Such prohibition does not limit ordinary and usual business entertainment provided to a firm or its associates. Thus, when a firm or its associates are hosted by Supervised Persons at an occasional meal, sporting event, theater production or comparable entertainment 

Exhibit 14.2 

 event, such an event would not be subject to the 250 gift restriction so long as it is neither so frequent nor so extensive as to raise any question of propriety. 
 Approval Required for Providing Gifts in Excess of 250 
 Before giving anything with an assumed individual or aggregate value (except for those items of business entertainment noted directly above) to any outside business person in excess of 250 during any year, a Supervised Person must obtain the approval of the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 Under no circumstances may an employee initiate or encourage the provision of a gift from any other person or organization. For the avoidance of doubt, this policy regarding gifts also applies to interactions with government entities and employees. 
 Relationships with Outside Vendors 
 Supervised Persons should be careful when doing business on behalf of the Adviser with outside vendors Vendors with which a Supervised Person has a financial interest or family or personal relationship. These situations may present conflicts of interest that impair the Supervised Person from acting solely in the best interests of the Adviser and its Clients and without regard to the financial interest or family or personal relationship. When a Supervised Person learns that the Adviser is, or is considering, doing business with a Vendor with which that or another employee has a financial, family or personal relationship, the Supervised Person should disclose that information promptly to the Chief Compliance Officer. While there is no absolute prohibition against holding a financial interest in or having a family or personal relationship with a Vendor, the Adviser will examine these situations, before the relationship with the Adviser begins to the extent practicable, so that the Adviser can evaluate any potential conflicts of interest. 
 In evaluating these situations, a conflict of interest will be presumed to exist when an employee who has a financial, family or personal relationship with a Vendor approves the use of the Vendor or negotiates the terms of the agreement with the Vendor. Certain mitigating facts can overcome this presumption. Factors that will be considered include the significance of the financial interest, the degree of the family or personal relationship and whether the fairness of the price of the goods or services can be determined independently. 
 VIII. DISCLOSURE OF CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
 Any Supervised Person who becomes aware of any practice that arguably involves the Adviser in a conflict of interest and is not sure whether the practice has been fully and accurately disclosed to Clients and or Investors or whether Clients and or Investors have consented to the practice should promptly contact the Chief Compliance Officer. In assisting the Chief Compliance Officer in formulating appropriate disclosures, Supervised Persons must bear in mind that the Adviser will not be deemed to have properly obtained consent from a particular Client or Investor unless the disclosure relating to the conflict is materially accurate and complete and understandable by that particular Client or Investor. 

</EX-14.2>

<EX-21.1>
 7
 gcred-fy2310xkexhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF GOLUB CAPITAL PRIVATE CREDIT FUND Name Jurisdiction GCRED Holdings LLC Delaware Golub Capital Private Credit Fund CLO Delaware Golub Capital Private Credit Fund CLO Depositor Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 gcred-fy2310xkexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 of Periodic Report Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) 
 
 I, David B. Golub, Chief Executive Officer, certify that 
 
 1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Golub Capital Private Credit Fund 
 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15 (e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 22, 2023 

s David B. Golub 
 David B. Golub 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 gcred-fy2310xkexhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 of Periodic Report Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) 

I, Christopher C. Ericson, Chief Financial Officer, certify that 
 
 1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Golub Capital Private Credit Fund 
 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15 (e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 22, 2023 
 
 s Christopher C. Ericson 
 Christopher C. Ericson 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 gcred-fy2310xkexhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Golub Capital Private Credit Fund (the Company ), for the annual period ended September 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, David B. Golub and Christopher C. Ericson, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to our knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 22, 2023 s David B. Golub David B. Golub 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 s Christopher C. Ericson Christopher C. Ericson 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-99.1>
 11
 gcred-fy2310xkexhibit991.htm
 EX-99.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 99.1 
 GOLUB CAPITAL PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 
 (THE COMPANY 
 INVESTOR PRIVACY NOTICE 
 
 Maintaining the confidentiality of the personal information of our current and prospective investors is one of our highest priorities. This notice sets forth the type of personal information we collect, how that information is used by us, and how we protect your personal information. 
 In this Investor Privacy Notice, we , us and our refers to the Company and GC Advisors LLC and its or their affiliates or delegates 
 
 HOW AND WHY WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION 
 
 1. Collection. 
 Personal information may be collected from investors in order to comply with legal and regulatory requirements. Information may be collected from any of the following sources 
 a. From You We collect information from investors when they enter into a subscription agreement with the Company. We may also collect information from investor questionnaires, W-9 s and other applications or forms that investors complete. This information may include items such as an investor s name, address, e-mail address, social security number, birth date, annual income, net worth, marital status, and investment risk tolerance. If an investor indicates he or she has a spouse or partner, his her personal and financial account information may also be requested. In order to establish the legitimacy of the subscribing entity, as well as capacity and authority of controlling person(s), we may request copies of organizational documents. 
 
 b. From Transactions If an investor invests in the Company, we keep records relating to the investor s interest in the Company. 
 
 c. From our Website If investors visit GC Advisors website, we may collect the contact details and other information that investors provide directly to us and we may track the amount of time each investor spends on our site, the parts of our site visited and other technical information. We use this information to improve the functionality of our website. 
 2. Use of Personal Information 
 
 Investors personal information is collected and maintained by us so that we may fulfill our legal and regulatory requirements. 
 
 DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION 
 We do not, and do not intend, to sell or disclose personal information about current or former investors to nonaffiliated third parties except as set forth below. If in the future this policy changes investors will be 
 27195959.1.BUSINESS 

notified and provided with an opportunity to opt out of such disclosure. We may share personal information of investors as follows 
 a. We will reveal or share personal information where the law permits or requires it, such as for tax reporting purposes or pursuant to a court order, or to otherwise comply with applicable laws and regulations. 
 b. We may reveal or share personal information with our affiliates. Our affiliates include, for example, investment funds that are manage or over which GC Advisors or its affiliates have control. 
 
 c. We may reveal or share personal information with unaffiliated service providers such as brokers, fund administrators and transfer agents in connection with distributions or other transactions. An investor s personal information may also be provided to attorneys, accountants or auditors in order to enable us to comply with legal and regulatory requirements. 
 
 PROTECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION 
 Our employees may, from time to time, have access to the personal information of investors in order to provide services to investors. All employees are subject to the terms of certain privacy policies and practices. We also maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect nonpublic personal financial information. 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 gcred-20230930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 gcred-20230930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 gcred-20230930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 gcred-20230930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 gcred-20230930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

