<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231116_10-K_edgar_data_1696195_0001477932-23-008560.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2556039</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>88978</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>558109</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>632971</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>483830</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>732942</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-008560.hdr.sgml : 20231116
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231116133429
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-008560
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231116
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231116

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KINETIC GROUP INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001696195
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		IRS NUMBER:				474685650
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-216047
		FILM NUMBER:		231413858

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2801 NW 7TH AVENUE
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33122
		BUSINESS PHONE:		786-712-6827

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2801 NW 7TH AVENUE
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33122

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-008560.txt : 20231116

10-K
 1
 knit_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

knit_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended or TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____________________ to ___________________________ Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of Incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code - Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: Title of each class Name of each exchange on Which registered None Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None (Title of class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Note - Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act from their obligations under those Sections. SEC 1673 (05-21) Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB control number. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. As of September 26, 2023, last business day of period, the aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the price at which the common equity was sold at closing, was Note. If a determination as to whether a particular person or entity is an affiliate cannot be made without involving unreasonable effort and expense, the aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates may be calculated on the basis of assumptions reasonable under the circumstances, provided that the assumptions are set forth in this Form. As of September 30, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE List hereunder the following documents if incorporated by reference and the Part of the Form 10-K (e.g., Part I, Part II, etc.)into which the document is incorporated: (1) Any annual report to security holders; (2) Any proxy or information statement; and (3) Any prospectus fi led pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c) under the Securities Act of 1933. The listed documents should be clearly described for identification purposes (e.g., annual report to security holders for fiscal year ended December 24,1980). TABLE OF CONTENTS Page No. PART I Item 1. Business. 3 Item 1A. Risk factors 5 Item 1B. Unsolved Staff Comments 11 Item 2. Properties 11 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 11 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 11 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 12 Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 13 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 13 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 15 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 16 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 17 Item 9 A. Controls and Procedures. 17 Item 9B Other Information 17 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 17 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 18 Item 11. Executive Compensation 19 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 20 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 21 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 21 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 22 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 22 SIGNATURES 23 2 Table of Contents KINETIC GROUP INC. FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are projections of events, revenues, income, future economic performance or management s plans and objectives for our future operations. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , should , expects , plans , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the section entitled Risk Factors and the risks set out below, any of which may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks include, by way of example and not in limitation: the uncertainty of profitability based upon our history of losses; risks related to failure to obtain adequate financing on a timely basis and on acceptable terms to continue as going concern; risks related to our international operations and currency exchange fluctuations; and other risks and uncertainties related to our business plan and business strategy. This list is not an exhaustive list of the factors that may affect any of our forward-looking statements. These and other factors should be considered carefully and readers should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Forward looking statements are made based on management s beliefs, estimates and opinions on the date the statements are made and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements if these beliefs, estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. Our financial statements are stated in United States dollars (US and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. All references to common stock refer to the common shares in our capital stock. As used in this annual report, the terms we , us , our , the Company and Kinetic Group mean Kinetic Group Inc., unless otherwise indicated. Item 1. BUSINESS Our Business Kinetic Group Inc., a Nevada corporation, (the Company was formed under the laws of the State of Nevada on June 6, 2014. Kinetic Group Inc. KNIT or Company changed its business description and now is a technology holding company, offering digital transformation through AI technology to enterprises looking to improve strategic and operational decision making. KNIT accelerates the digital transformation of companies by converting property, plants and equipment into Smart Assets which enhance productivity. The Company will generate revenue from acquisitions and operations in Latin America and the USA. On April 18, 2023, The Company announced that it has signed a formal Memorandum of Understanding with a profitable AI Company. As a result of this acquisition, KINETIC will own 100 of an early entrant AI company offering digital transformation to enterprises. KNIT will offer customizable AI solutions to businesses to improve their decision making, reduce risk and improve operations. Customized solutions, including Digital Twins, Smart Assets, AI predictive analytics and Metaverse engagement are designed to produce significant productivity improvements. KNIT is an early mover in offering a suite of AI business services to both the private and public sectors. This opportunity is formalized by the signing of an SPA in November 2023. 3 Table of Contents The Company also hired CIM Securities LLC as lead placement agent in a 3 million raise structured as an 8 PIK Dividend Series A Convertible Participating Preferred. The preferred offers a 1.5x liquidation preference and is priced at 1.00 per preferred share. Use of funds is to promote international sales and roll out a subscription-based revenue model. Kinetic Group Inc. is a development stage company as defined by section 915-10-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Although the Company has recognized nominal amounts of revenue, it is still devoting substantially all of its efforts on establishing its business. All losses accumulated since Inception (June 6, 2014) have been considered as part of the Company s development stage activities. In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-10, Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements, Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810, Consolidation. The amendments in this Update remove the definition of a development stage entity from the Master Glossary of the Accounting Standards Codification, thereby removing the financial reporting distinction between development stage entities and other reporting entities from U.S. GAAP. In addition, the amendments eliminate the requirements for development stage entities to (1) present inception-to-date information in the statements of income, cash flows, and shareholder equity, (2) label the financial statements as those of a development stage entity, (3) disclose a description of the development stage activities in which the entity is engaged, and (4) disclose in the first year in which the entity is no longer a development stage entity that in prior years it had been in the development stage. For public business entities, those amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2014, and interim periods therein. Kinetic Group has elected to early adopt Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-10, Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements. The adoption of this ASU allows the company to remove the inception to date information and all references to development stage. Patent, Trademark, License and Franchise Restrictions and Contractual Obligations and Concessions We do not own, either legally or beneficially, any patents or trademarks. Research and Development Activities Other than time spent researching our proposed business we have not spent any funds on research and development activities to date. We do not currently plan to spend any funds on research and development activities in the future. Compliance with Environmental Laws We are not aware of any environmental laws that have been enacted, nor are we aware of any such laws being contemplated for the future, that impact issues specific to our business. Employees As of September 30, 2023 we had two employees Ana Maria Mendez, our President and Chairwoman and Roberto Mora, Chief Financial Officer. Our officers and directors are responsible for planning, developing and operational duties, and will continue to do so throughout the early stages of our growth. Reports to Securities Holders We provide an annual report that includes audited financial information to our shareholders. We will make our financial information equally available to any interested parties or investors through compliance with the disclosure rules for a small business issuer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We are voluntarily subject to disclosure filing requirements including filing Form 10K annually and Form 10Q quarterly. In addition, we will file Form 8K and other proxy and information statements from time to time as required. The public may read and copy any materials that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC ), at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC on 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 4 Table of Contents Item 1A. RISK FACTORS Kinetic Group Inc. is a Development Stage Company . The Company has elected to early adopt Accounting Standards Update No.2014-10, Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements. The adoption of this ASU allows the Company to remove the inception to date information and all references to the development Stage from its financial statements. Kinetic Group Inc. is a Development Stage Company as defined by section 915-10-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Although the Company has recognized nominal amounts of revenue, it is still devoting substantially all of its efforts to establishing the business. All losses accumulated since Inception (June 6, 2014) have been considered as part of the Company s development Stage activities. In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-10, Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements, Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810, Consolidation. The amendments in this update remove the definition of Development Stage entity from the Master Glossary of the Accounting Standards Codification, thereby removing the financial reporting distinction between Development Stage entities and other reporting entities from U.S. GAAP. In addition, the amendments eliminate the requirements for Development Stage entities to (1) present inception-to-date information in the statements of income, cash flows, and shareholder equity, (2) label the financial statements as those of a Development Stage entity, (3) disclose a description of the Development Stage activities in which the entity is engaged, and (4) disclose in the first year in which the entity is no longer a Development Stage entity that in prior years it had been in the Development Stage. For public business entities, those amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2014, and interim periods therein. Kinetic Group has elected to early adopt Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-10, Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements. The adoption of this ASU allows the company to remove the inception to date information and all references to Development Stage. Kinetic Group Inc. is an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act. We cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our shares of common stock less attractive to investors. Kinetic Group Inc. is and will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest to occur of (a) the last day of the fiscal year during which its total annual revenues equal or exceed 1 billion (subject to adjustment for inflation), (b) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of its initial public offering, (c) the date on which Kinetic Group has, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt securities, or (d) the date on which Kinetic Group is deemed a large accelerated filer (with at least 700 million in public float) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. For so long as Kinetic Group remains an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies as described in further detail in the risk factors below. Kinetic Group cannot predict if investors will consider its shares in common stock less attractive because of our reliance on some or all of these exemptions. If some investors find Kinetic Group s shares of common stock less attractive as a result, the trading market for its shares of common stock may be less active, and its stock price may be more volatile. If Kinetic Group avails itself of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements, its reduced disclosure may make it more difficult for investors and securities analysts to evaluate Kinetic Group and may result in less investor confidence. 5 Table of Contents The recently enacted JOBS Act is intended to reduce the regulatory burden on emerging growth companies . Kinetic Group meets the definition of an emerging growth company and so long as it qualifies as an emerging growth company, it will not be required to: have an auditor report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e., an auditor discussion and analysis); submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory votes, such as say-on-pay and say-on-frequency; and disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. However, Kinetic Group is choosing to opt out of such extended transition period, and as a result, Kinetic Group will comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that its decision to opt out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards is irrevocable. Notwithstanding the above, we are also currently a smaller reporting company , meaning that we are not an investment company, an asset-backed issuer, or a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent company that is not a smaller reporting company and have a public float of less than 75 million and annual revenues of less than 50 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. In the event that we are still considered a smaller reporting company , at such time as we cease being an emerging growth company , we will be required to provide additional disclosure in our SEC filings. However, similar to emerging growth companies , smaller reporting companies are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in their filings; are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that independent registered public accounting firms provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting; are not required to conduct say-on-pay and frequency votes until annual meetings occurring on or after January 21, 2013; and have certain other decreased disclosure obligations in their SEC filings, including, among other things, only being required to provide two years of audited financial statements in annual reports. Decreased disclosures in our SEC filings due to our status as an emerging growth company or smaller reporting company may make it harder for investors to analyze the Company s results of operations and financial prospects. We lack an operating history. There is no assurance our future operations will result in profitable revenues. If we cannot generate sufficient revenues to operate profitably, our business will fail. As of September 30, 2023, we had accumulated a deficit of -372,555. We have a limited operating history upon which an evaluation of our future success or failure can be made. Based on current plans, we expect to generate revenues in the near future. However, our revenues may not be sufficient initially to cover our operating costs. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in generating significant revenues in the future. Failure to achieve a sustainable investment and operations level will negatively impact our business. 6 Table of Contents If we encounter unforeseen difficulties with our business or operations in the future that require us to obtain additional working capital, and we cannot obtain additional working capital on favorable terms, or at all, our business may suffer . To date, we have relied primarily upon cash from the private sale of equity securities and operational activities and directly from our shareholders. We may encounter unforeseen difficulties with our business or operations in the future that may deplete our capital resources more rapidly than anticipated. As a result, we may be required to obtain additional working capital in the future through bank credit facilities, public or private debt or equity financing, or otherwise. We have identified other sources for additional funding but we cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are required to raise additional working capital in the future, such financing may be unavailable to us on favorable terms, if at all, or may be dilutive to our existing stockholders. If we fail to obtain additional working capital as and when needed, such failure could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, such a lack of funds may inhibit our ability to respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated capital needs, or may force us to reduce operating expenses, which could significantly harm the business and development of operations. Similarly, our ability to borrow any such capital may be more expensive and difficult to obtain until this going concern uncertainty is resolved. We are a Nevada corporation and, as such, are subject to the jurisdiction of the State of Nevada and the United States courts for purposes of any lawsuit, action or proceeding by investors herein. An investor would have the ability to effect service of process in any action on the company within the United States. Our President resides outside the United States. She is an American citizen. Our director resides in the United States and is a United States citizen. Substantially all or a portion of their assets are located in the United States. As a result, it may be possible for investors to: effect service of process within the United States against your officers or directors; enforce U.S. court judgments based upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against any of the above referenced persons in the United States; enforce in courts U.S. court judgments based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against the above persons; and Avoid bringing an original action in foreign courts to enforce liabilities based upon the U.S. federal securities laws against the above foreign persons. We do not have a majority of independent directors on our Board and the Company has voluntarily implemented various corporate governance measures, with which stockholders may have more protections against interested director transactions, conflicts of interest and similar matters. Federal legislation, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, has resulted in the adoption of various corporate governance measures designed to promote the integrity of the corporate management and the securities markets. Some of these measures have been adopted in response to legal requirements. Others have been adopted by companies in response to the requirements of national securities exchanges, such as the NYSE or the NASDAQ Stock Market, on which their securities are listed. Among the corporate governance measures that are required under the rules of national securities exchanges are those that address the board of directors independence, audit committee oversight, and the adoption of a code of ethics. We have not yet adopted any of these other corporate governance measures and since our securities are not yet listed on a national securities exchange, we are not required to do so. Our Board of Directors is comprised of three individuals, who are our CEO, one director and the CFO. We do not have independent directors on our Board of Directors. 7 Table of Contents We have not adopted corporate governance measures such as an audit or other independent committee of our board of directors, as we presently do not have independent directors on our board. If we expand our board membership in future periods to include additional independent directors, we may seek to establish an audit and other committees of our board of directors. It is possible that if our Board of Directors included independent directors and if we were to adopt some or all of these corporate governance measures, stockholders would benefit from somewhat greater assurance that internal corporate decisions were being made by disinterested directors and that policies had been implemented to define responsible conduct. For example, at present in the absence of audit, nominating and compensation committees comprised of at least a majority of independent directors, decisions concerning matters such as compensation packages or employment contracts to our senior officers are made by a majority of directors or shareholders who have an interest in the outcome of the matters being decided. However, as a general rule, the board of directors, in making its decisions, determines first that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us that those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. The company executes the transaction between executive officers and the company once it has been approved by the Board of Directors. Prospective investors should bear in mind our current lack of corporate governance measures in formulating their investment decisions. None of the members of our Board of Directors are considered audit committee financial experts. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results. As a result, current and potential shareholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our stock. Members of our Board of Directors are inexperienced with U.S. GAAP and the related internal control procedures required of U.S. public companies. Management has determined that our internal audit function is also significantly deficient due to insufficient qualified resources to perform internal audit functions. Finally, we have not established an Audit Committee for our Board of Directors. We are a development stage company with limited resources. Therefore, we cannot assure investors that we will be able to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting based on criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. For these reasons, we are considering the costs and benefits associated with improving and documenting our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls and procedures, which includes (i) hiring additional personnel with sufficient U.S. GAAP experience and (ii) implementing ongoing training in U.S. GAAP requirements for our CFO and accounting and other finance personnel. If the result of these efforts are not successful, or if material weaknesses are identified in our internal control over financial reporting, our management will be unable to report favorably as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and/or our disclosure controls and procedures, and we could be required to further implement expensive and time-consuming remedial measures and potentially lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports which could have an adverse effect on our stock price and potentially subject us to litigation. Our current President and director own 52.92 of the outstanding shares of our common stock as of the date of this filing. Accordingly, they have a significant influence in determining the outcome of all corporate transactions or other matters, including mergers, consolidations and the sale of all or substantially all of our assets. 8 Table of Contents They are able to exercise complete control over the company and have the ability to make decisions regarding, (i) whether to issue common stock and preferred stock, including decisions to issue common and preferred stock to themselves; (ii) employment decisions, including their own compensation arrangements, (iii) the appointment of all directors; and (iv) whether to enter into material transactions with related parties. The interests of our directors may differ from the interests of the other stockholders and thus result in corporate decisions that are disadvantageous to other shareholders. The Company is subject to the 15(d) reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which does not require a company to file all the same reports and information as a fully reporting company. Until our common stock is registered under the Exchange Act, we will not be a fully reporting company, but only subject to the reporting obligations imposed by Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Pursuant to Section 15(d), we are required to file periodic reports with the SEC, such as annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K, once this registration statement is declared effective, including the annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year during which the registration statement is declared effective. Our registration statement was declared effective on March 28, 2017, during the year ended September 30, 2017. That filing obligation will generally apply even if our reporting obligations have been suspended automatically under section 15(d) of the Exchange Act prior to the due date for the Form 10-K. After that fiscal year and provided the Company has less than 300 shareholders, the Company is not required to file these reports. If the reports are not filed, the investors will have reduced visibility as to the Company and its financial condition. In addition, as a filer subject to Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Company is not required to prepare proxy or information statements; our common stock will not be subject to the protection of the going private regulations; the company will be subject to only limited portions of the tender offer rules; our officers, directors, and more than ten (10 percent shareholders are not required to file beneficial ownership reports about their holdings in our company; that these persons will not be subject to the short-swing profit recovery provisions of the Exchange Act; and that more than five percent (5 holders of classes of your equity securities will not be required to report information about their ownership positions in the securities. We will not be required to evaluate our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act until the end of the second fiscal year reported upon in our second annual report on form 10-K. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the new rules subsequently implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commissions, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board have imposed various new requirements on public companies, including requiring changes in corporate governance practices. We expect these rules and regulations to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly. These costs could affect profitability and the results of our operations. We are in the process of determining whether our existing internal controls over financial reporting systems are compliant with Section 404. We will not be required to conduct the evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal controls until the end of the fiscal year reported upon in our second annual report on Form 10-K. In addition, because we are a smaller reporting company, we are not required to obtain the auditor attestation of management s evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting. If we obtain and disclose such reports, we could continue doing so at our discretion so long as we remain a smaller reporting company. 9 Table of Contents This process of internal control evaluation and attestation may divert internal resources and will take a significant amount of time, effort and expense to complete. If it is determined that we are not in compliance with Section 404, we may be required to implement new internal control procedures and re-evaluate our financial reporting. If we are unable to implement these changes effectively or efficiently, it could harm our operations, financial reporting or financial results, which could adversely affect our ability to comply with our periodic reporting obligations under the Exchange Act. Risks Related to our Common Stock and this Offering. Because we do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them. We intend to retain any future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We have never paid any cash dividends and currently do not intend to pay any dividends for the foreseeable future. To the extent that we require additional funding currently not provided for in our financing plan, our funding sources may likely prohibit the payment of a dividend. Because we do not intend to declare dividends, any gain on an investment in Kinetic Group Inc. will need to come through appreciation of the stock s price. FINRA sales practice requirements may limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. In addition to the penny stock rules described below, FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. The FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in our common stock. As a result, fewer broker-dealers may be willing to make a market in our common stock, reducing a stockholder s ability to resell shares of our common stock. Our common stock was accepted for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board and OTC Link during the year ended September 30, 2018. As a result, the application of the Penny Stock rules could adversely affect the market price of our common shares and increase your transaction costs to sell those shares. The Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted Rule 3A51-1, which establishes the definition of a Penny Stock, for the purposes relevant to us, as any equity security that has market price of less than 5.00 per share or within an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, Rule 15G-9 require: - that a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks; and - the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. In order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: - obtain financial information and investment experience objectives of the person; and - make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form: - sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and - that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. 10 Table of Contents Generally, brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. You may face significant restrictions on the resale of your shares due to state blue sky laws. Each state has its own securities laws, often called blue sky laws, which (1) limit sales of securities to a state s residents unless the securities are registered in that state or qualify for an exemption from registration, and (2) govern the reporting requirements for broker-dealers doing business directly or indirectly in the state. Before a security is sold in a state, there must be a registration in place to cover the transaction, or it must be exempt from registration. The applicable broker-dealer must also be registered in that state. We do not know whether our securities will be registered or exempt from registration under the laws of any state. A determination regarding registration will be made by those broker-dealers, if any, who agree to serve as market makers for our common stock. There may be significant state blue sky law restrictions on the ability of investors to sell, and on purchasers to buy, our securities. You should therefore consider the resale market for our common stock to be limited, as you may be unable to resell your shares without the significant expense of state registration or qualification. You could be diluted by our future issuances of capital stock and derivative securities. As of September 30, 2023, we had 26,320,200 shares of common stock outstanding and no shares of preferred stock outstanding. We are authorized to issue up to 75,000,000 shares of common stock and no shares of preferred stock. To the extent of such authorization, our Board of Directors will have the ability, without seeking stockholder approval, to issue additional shares of common stock or preferred stock in the future for such consideration as the Board of Directors may consider sufficient. The issuance of additional common stock or preferred stock in the future may reduce your proportionate ownership and voting power. If a market develops for our shares, sales of our shares relying upon Rule 144 may depress prices in that market by a material amount. As of September 30, 2023, a total of 2,030,000 of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock are unrestricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. As unrestricted securities, these shares may be resold under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions from registration under the Act and as required under applicable state securities laws. We intend to sell more restricted shares or securities convertible into restricted shares as part of our efforts to finance the Company s operations. As a result of revisions to Rule 144, there is no limit on the amount of restricted securities that may be sold by a non-affiliate (i.e., a stockholder who has not been an officer, director or control person for at least 90 consecutive days) after the restricted securities have been held by the owner for a period of one year. A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the Act, if available, or pursuant to registration of shares of Common Stock of present stockholders, may have a depressive effect upon the price of the Common Stock in any market that may develop. Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS On September 30, 2023, none. Item 2. PROPERTIES We do not hold ownership or leasehold interest in any property. Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings, and we are not aware of any pending or potential legal actions. Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable to our Company. 11 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. Market Information On August 27, 2018, our common stock was verified for trading on OTC Link ATS under the trading symbol KNIT. Prior to that time, there was no public market for our stock. The following table sets forth for the indicated periods the high and low intra-day sales price per share for our common stock on the OTC Link ATS for the year ended September 30, 2023. 2022-2023 High Low First Quarter 4.50 3.53 Second Quarter 4.75 4.50 Third Quarter 4.75 4.75 Fourth Quarter 5.85 3.00 There were trades 5,046 of our common stock during the relevant period. Holders. As of September 30, 2023, there were 13 holders of 26,196,200 shares of the Company s common stock (98.35 ). With the balance of the Company s common stock being trades in the open market. Dividends. The Company has not paid any cash dividends to date and does not anticipate or contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. It is the present intention of management to utilize all available funds for the development of the Company s business. 12 Table of Contents Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Recent sales of unregistered securities. In August 2022, we sold 10,000 shares in open market transactions. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities We did not repurchase any of our equity securities during the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022. Item 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and notes thereto included herein. In connection with, and because we desire to take advantage of, the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we caution readers regarding certain forward-looking statements in the following discussion and elsewhere in this report and in any other statement made by, or on our behalf, whether or not in future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements are statements not based on historical information and which relate to future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments. Forward looking statements are necessarily based upon estimates and assumptions that are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control and many of which, with respect to future business decisions, are subject to change. These uncertainties and contingencies can affect actual results and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by, or on our behalf. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Results of operations for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022. Revenue We do not generate revenue from operations or investments. We continue with the final details of Due Diligence about our prospective AI company and hope to sign the SPA at the end of November 2023. We have initiated evaluation of other business opportunities in Panama and Colombia. Our gross revenue for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 was 0 and 0 respectively. Our cost of revenues for the year ended September 30, 2023 was 0 resulting in a gross income of 0. 13 Table of Contents Costs and Expenses The major components of our expenses for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 are outlined in the table below: For the Year Ended Sept. 30, 2023 For the Year Ended Sept. 30, 2022 Increase (Decrease) Compensation - officers 54,000 20,300 33,700 Professional fees 59,436 10,850 48,586 Acquisition Fees 0 14,941 -14,941 General and administrative 8,339 6,766 1,573 Total 121,776 52,857 68,919 Accounts Payable Related Parties As of September 30, 2023 and 2022 the Company owed its shareholders-directors and officers as follow: For the Year Ended Sept. 30, 2023 For the Year Ended Sept. 30, 2022 Increase (Decrease) Shareholders 77,380 24,112 53,268 Officers 72,010 18,000 54,010 Total 149,390 42,112 107,278 Liquidity Our internal liquidity is provided by our shareholders and the sale of common stocks. During the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 the Company reported net loss from operations of - 121,776 and - 52,857, respectively. To date we have financed our operations by cash generated from sales of shares of our common stock and cash from our shareholders. To date we have not sold shares of common stock to our officers and directors. We sold 10,000 shares at 2.00 per share in the open market to generate cash to cover expenses. Additional capital may be required to maintain ongoing operations. We have explored and are continuing to explore options to provide additional financing to fund future operations as well as other possible courses of action. Such actions include, but are not limited to, securing lines of credit, sales of debt or equity securities (which may result in dilution to existing shareholders), loans and cash advances from our directors or other third parties, and other similar actions. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional funding (if needed), on acceptable terms or at all, through a sale of our common stock, loans from financial institutions, our directors, or other third parties, or any of the actions discussed above. If we cannot sustain profitable operations, and additional capital is unavailable, lack of liquidity could have a material adverse effect on our business viability, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 14 Table of Contents Cash Flows The table below, for the period indicated, provides selected cash flow information: Cash Flow For the Year Ended Sept. 30, 2023 For the Year Ended Sept. 30, 2022 Net cash provided (used) by shareholders and sale common share -13,652 -558,955 Cash used in activities 0 0 Net Cash 100 572,620 Net increase (decrease) in cash -13,552 13,665 We have not generated revenues during the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. In addition, we received proceeds of 0 and 20,000 from the sale of our common stock during the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022. We received 53,168 during the reporting period from our shareholders. Cash flow for September 2022 was revised. Cash Flows from Investing Activities We did not generate any cash from investing activities during the year ended September 30, 2023. Cash Flows from Financing Activities Not applicable. Recent Accounting Pronouncements See Note 2 to the Financial Statements. Off Balance Sheet Arrangements As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, we did not have any significant off-balance-sheet arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 15 Table of Contents Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA KINETIC GROUP INC. Index to the Financial Statements Contents Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-1 Consolidated Balance Sheets on September 30, 2023 and 2022 F-2 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 F-3 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended September 30, 2023 and 2022. F-4 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 F-5 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-6 16 Table of Contents Report of an Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the shareholders and the board of directors of Kinetic Group Inc Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Kinetic Group Inc (the Company as of September 30, 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended September 30, 2023, and the related notes collectively referred to as the financial statements. In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2023, and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended September 30, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the company will continue as a going concern as disclosed in Note 3 to the financial statement, the Company has continuously incurred a net loss of 121,776 for the year ended September 30, 2023, and an accumulated deficit of 372,555 at September 30, 2023. The continuation of the Company as a going concern through September 30, 2023, is dependent upon improving the profitability and the continuing financial support from its stockholders. Management believes the existing shareholders or external financing will provide additional cash to meet the Company s obligations as they become due. These factors raise substantial doubt about the company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of the uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. The company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Critical Audit Matters Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. There are no critical audit matters to be communicated. (Chartered Accountants)-PCAOB ID We have served as the Company s auditor since September 2020. November 13th, 2023. F-1 Table of Contents KINETIC GROUP INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Audited) (Audited) Year Ended 9/30/2023 Year Ended 9/30/2022 ASSETS Current Assets Cash Due from Related Parties TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER'S EQUTY Current Liabilities Account payable and accrued liabilities Advance Receivables Total current Liabilities Stockholders Equity (Deficit): Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total stockholders equity (deficit) TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY (DEFICIT) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-2 Table of Contents KINETIC GROUP INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Audited) (Audited) Year Ended 9/30/2023 Year Ended 9/30/2022 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating Expenses: Officer Stock Base Compensation Professional Fee General and administrative Total operating expenses Income (Loss) from Operations Income tax provision Net Income (Loss) Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share: Net Income (Loss) per common share - Basic and Diluted Outstanding - Basic and Diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents KINETIC GROUP INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Common stock Additional Paid-in Accumulated Description Shares Amount Capital Deficit Total Balance October 1, 2021 - Officers stock-based compensation Additional paid in capital Net Lost - - Balance September 30, 2022 - Balance October 1, 2022 - Common stock issued Additional paid in capital - - Net (loss) - - - - Balance September 30, 2023 - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents KINETIC GROUP INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended 9/30/2023 Year Ended 9/30/2022 Operating Activities: Net loss - - Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Cancelation of debt and common shares Issuance officer's stock-based compensation Due from related party - Accounts Payable (A/P): Account Payable Vendors Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accounts payable - related party Net Cash Provided (Used) by Operating Activities - - Investing Activities: Acquisition of property and equipment Acquisition of software Net Cash Used in Investing Activities Financing Activities: Proceeds from issuance of common stock Additional Paid-in capital Common stock issued Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities - Net Change in Cash - Cash - Beginning of Period Cash - End of Period Cash paid during the period for: Interest Income tax paid Non-Cash Financing and Investing Activities: Restricted common stock canceled, and proceeds contributed to capital Issuance of 26,320,200 shares for officer s compensation at par The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents KINETIC GROUP INC. NOTES TO THE SEPTEMBER 30, 2023, AND 2022 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS of an early entrant AI company offering digital transformation to enterprises. KNIT will offer customizable AI solutions to businesses to improve their decision making, reduce risk and improve operations. Customized solutions, including Digital Twins, Smart Assets, AI predictive analytics and Metaverse engagement are designed to produce significant productivity improvements. KNIT is an early mover in offering a suite of AI business services to both the private and public sectors. The Company also hired CIM Securities LLC as lead placement agent in a million raise structured as an 8 PIK Dividend Series A Convertible Participating Preferred. The preferred offers a 1.5x liquidation preference and is priced at per preferred share. Use of funds is to promote international sales and roll out a subscription-based revenue model. Principle of consolidation Development Stage company F-6 Table of Contents Use of Estimates and Assumptions and Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions Fair Value of Financial Instruments F-7 Table of Contents Cash Equivalents Property and Equipment years for computer equipment to seven ) years for office furniture. Upon sale or retirement of office equipment, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in statements of operations. Related Parties F-8 Table of Contents Commitments and Contingencies Revenue Recognition F-9 Table of Contents . The estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities are reported in the accompanying balance sheets, as well as tax credit carry-backs and carry-forwards. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of deferred tax assets recorded on its balance sheets and provides valuation allowances as management deems necessary. Management makes judgments as to the interpretation of the tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause changes to previous estimates of tax liability. In addition, the Company operates within multiple taxing jurisdictions and is subject to audit in these jurisdictions. In the management s opinion, adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for all years. If actual taxable income by tax jurisdiction varies from estimates, additional allowances or reversals of reserves may be necessary. Uncertain Tax Positions Earnings per Share F-10 Table of Contents Cash Flows Reporting Subsequent Events Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements on September 30, 2023, which raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. F-11 Table of Contents Less accumulated depreciation Computer equipment, net Software Less accumulated amortization Software, net Total property and equipment, net Depreciation expense Depreciation expense for the year ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer Total F-12 Table of Contents which persons have supported some expenses required for initial operation after acquisition (Ana Maria Mendez President for , Damian Grider-Director for and Canopi Group for and with CFO Roberto Mora for . shares of common stock, par value per share. Total outstanding shares: Unregistered shares of common stock None. Registered shares of common stock During the period Broad Waters Global Capital acquired total shares from Brandink LLC. Partnership CK LLV New Gate Investments S.A Ana Maria Mendez Maria Cristina Mendez Steven Steinmetz Telco Acquisition Partners LLC Jackeline Bullon Broad Waters Global Capital SA Michelle Santiago Jose Benjamin Zapata Total NEW OFFERING Martin Johnson International Monetary Total OPEN MARKET TOTAL OUSTANDING Regulation D Offering The Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a notice of an exempt offering of the Company s securities on the Form D (the Offering ). The Company is offering under the Offering at market price with discount. The Securities are being offered by the Company through its officers and directors on a best efforts basis, pursuant to a non-public offering exemption from the registration requirements imposed by the Securities Act of 1933, under Regulation D, Rule 506, as amended 1933 Act ). The Securities are not being registered and may not be sold unless they are registered under applicable Federal and State laws. The offering will expire on May 31, 2024. (see exhibits) On August 2022, the company sold common shares at the price of . This sale represents the only cash received by the company in the period ended September 30, 2022. The company gave shares to International Monetary according to an agreement signed. F-13 Table of Contents Expected income tax benefit from NOL carry-forwards Less valuation allowance Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax assets consist primarily of the tax effect of NOL carry-forwards. The Company has provided a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets because of the uncertainty regarding their realizability. The valuation allowance increased approximately ) during the year ended September 30, 2023. We follow ASC 740 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes . Under ASC 740, tax benefits are recognized only for tax positions that are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by tax authorities. The amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. Unrecognized tax benefits are tax benefits claimed in our tax returns that do not meet these recognition and measurement standards. We had no liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits on September 30, 2023 and 2022. Our policy is to recognize potential interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits within income tax expense. For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, we did not recognize any interest or penalties in our statement of operations, nor did we have any interest or penalties accrued in our balance sheet on September 30, 2023 and 2022 relating to unrecognized tax benefits. The tax years 2021-2020 remain open to examination for federal income tax purposes and by the other major taxing jurisdictions to which we are subject. The taxes year 2022 was submitted to IRS. F-14 Table of Contents Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. None. Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls We evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the 2023 fiscal year. This evaluation was conducted with the participation of our chief executive officer and our principal accounting officer. Disclosure controls are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information that we are required to be disclosed in the reports we file pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported. Limitations on the Effective of Controls Our management does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all error and fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, but no absolute, assurance that the objectives of a control system are met. Further, any control system reflects limitations on resources, and the benefits of a control system must be considered relative to its costs. These limitations also include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or mistakes. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of a control. The design of a control system is also based upon certain assumptions about potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected. Conclusions Based upon their evaluation of our controls, the chief executive officer and principal accounting officer have concluded that, subject to the limitations noted above, the disclosure controls are effective providing reasonable assurance that material information relating to us is made known to management on a timely basis during the period when our reports are being prepared. There were no changes in our internal controls that occurred during the year covered by this report that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls. Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION At September 30, 2023, no other information to disclose is pending. Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS At September 30, 2023, there is not any information to disclose about foreign jurisdictions. 17 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Name Position Ana Maria Mendez President and Chairwoman Damian Grider Director Roberto Mora Chief Financial Officer The following table presents information with respect to our officers, directors and significant employees as of the date of this Report: The Director will serve as Director until our next annual shareholder meeting or until a successor is elected who accepts the position. Directors are elected for one-year terms or until the Board has named a substitute. Officers hold their positions at the will of the Board of Directors, absent any employment agreement. Ana Maria Mendez. Ms. M ndez has over 15 years experience in financial services, working throughout Latin America, Canada and Spain. She has also been CEO of several oil and gas companies. Ana Mar a received her MBA from Columbia University and her dual undergraduate degrees in Economics and Psychology from the University of Miami. Roberto Mora is an Industrial Engineering with MSc in Information System with more 35 years of experience in difference position in Oil Industry, Telecommunications and Consulting Companies as COO, CFO, CAO and Country Manager in Venezuela, Argentina, Mexico, Ecuador, Colombia and USA. 18 Table of Contents Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Compensation of Officers The following summary compensation table sets forth information concerning compensation for services rendered in all capacities during 2023 and 2022 awarded to, earned by or paid to our executive officers. Summary Compensation Table (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) (g) (h) (i) (j) Name and Principal Position [1] Year Salary Bonus Stock Awards Option Awards Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation Change in Pension Value Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings All other Compensation Totals ) ) ) ) (S) ) ) ) Ana Maria Mendez 2023 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 President and CEO 2022 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Narrative Disclosure Requirement for Summary Compensation Table Compensation Historically, the compensation for our current and former officers consisted of the payments made pursuant to the consulting agreements executed and previously filed with the Commission and incorporated herein by reference. For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, the annual compensation was 0 and 0, for CEO Ana Maria Mendez. We have not provided our named executive officers with perquisites or other personal benefits. Retirement, Resignation or Termination Plans We sponsor no plan, whether written or verbal, that would provide compensation or benefits of any type to an executive upon retirement, or any plan that would provide payment for retirement, resignation, or termination as a result of a change in control of our company or as a result of a change in the responsibilities of an executive following a change in control of our company. Directors Compensation The persons who served as members of our board of directors, including executive officers, did not receive any compensation for services as directors for 2023 and 2022. The Company does not maintain any qualified retirement plans or non-nonqualified deferred compensation plans for its employees or directors. 19 Table of Contents Option Exercises and Stock Vested We do not have a stock option plan in place; therefore, there were no options issued, outstanding, exercised, or stock issued or vested as compensation during the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022. Pension Benefits and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation There are no arrangements, agreements, or understandings between non-management shareholders and management under which non-management shareholders may directly or indirectly participate in or influence the management of Kinetic Group affairs. Executive Officer Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End From September 30, 2022 to September 30, 2023, the company does not provide to any of our named executive officers executive or common share purchase options, stock awards or equity incentive plan awards. Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of September 30, 2023: (i) by each of our directors, (ii) by each of the Named Executive Officers, (iii) by all of our executive officers and directors as a group, and (iv) by each person or entity known by us to beneficially own more than five percent (5 of any class of our outstanding shares. As of September 30, 2023 there were 26,320,200 shares of our common stock outstanding: Percentage ownership is determined based on shares owned together with securities exercisable or convertible into shares of common stock within 60 days of September 30, 2022, for each stockholder. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock subject to securities exercisable or convertible into shares of common stock that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of September 30, 2022, are deemed to be beneficially owned by the person holding such securities for the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of such person, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Our common stock is our only issued and outstanding class of securities eligible to vote. As of September 30, 2023 there are 13,928,225 shares of common stock outstanding owned by our current officers and directors. Title of Class Name of Beneficial Owner Directors and Officers: Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percentage of Beneficial Ownership Common Ana Maria Mendez - President 4,844,650 18.41 Common Damien Grider - Director (1) 9,083,575 34.51 Total 13,928,225 52.92 20 Table of Contents Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Consulting services provided by the Company s officers for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 were as follows: Year Ended 9/30/2023 Year Ended 9/30/2022 President, Chief Executive Officer - - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer 54,000 18,000 Total 54,000 18,000 Director Independence Under NASDAQ rule 4200(a)(15), a director is not considered to be independent if he or she is also an executive officer or employee of the corporation. Our director, Damian Grider, is not an executive in the company. As a result, we have an independent director on our Board of Directors. Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES During the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, we engaged as our independent accountant and independent auditor. For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, we incurred fees as discussed below: Year Ended 9/30/2023 Year Ended 9/30/2022 Audit fees 12,000 4,000 Accountant Fees 8,630 2,500 Tax fees - - All other fees 47,145 3,050 Total 67,775 9,550 Audit and Accountant fees consist of fees related to professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements and review of our quarterly and yearly financial statements. Tax fees represent fees related to the preparation of our corporation income tax returns. The Other Fees mainly involve payment to CIM Securities who act as investor relation partner. Our policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services performed by the independent accountants. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. Under our audit committee s policy, pre-approval is generally provided for particular services or categories of services, including planned services, project-based services and routine consultations. In addition, the audit committee may also pre-approve particular services on a case-by-case basis. Our audit committee approved all services that our independent accountants provided to us in the past two fiscal years. 21 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE EXHIBIT NUMBER DESCRIPTION 3.1 Articles of Incorporation. Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on February 14, 2017. 3.2 Bylaws. Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on February 14, 2017. 3.3 Exhibits\Form 8-K Filed with SEC on May 26, 2022.htm 3.4 Exhibits\Form D-Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities August 10, 2022.htm 3.5 Exhibits\Form 8-K Filed with SEC on July 25, 2022.htm 3.6 Exhibits\Form 8-K Filed with SEC on June 23, 2023.htm 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) ____________ Filed herewith. XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. Item 16. Form 10K Summary 2023 has proven to be a pivotal year for KINETIC. We prioritized closing an acquisition in the Digital Transformation space. We are confident that enterprises will continue to recognize the inevitable need to put their company on a path of transformation or risk being left behind. The next great leap in productivity will inevitably come from Artificial Intelligence and KINETIC will be at the forefront of offering customized solutions to enterprises in the oil and gas, manufacturing, healthcare, transportation and retail sectors. Specifically offering Metaverse solutions, predictive analytics through smart dash boards, Artificial Intelligence and Digital Twins. We look forward to implementing our growth strategy in one of the most promising areas of growth while looking for other acquisition targets that will add value for all KINETIC stakeholders. 22 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. KINETIC GROUP INC. Date: November 13, 2023 By: /s/ Ana Maria Mendez Ana Maria Mendez President and Chairwoman In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of Kinetic Group Inc. and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. SIGNATURES TITLE DATE /s/ Ana Maria Mendez President and Chairwoman November 13, 2023 Ana Maria Mendez 23 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 knit_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 knit_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Amended I, Ana Maria Mendez certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kinetic Group Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report. 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared. b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 13, 2023 /s/ Ana Maria Mendez President and Chairwoman 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 knit_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 knit_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Amended. I, Roberto Mora, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kinetic Group Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report. 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared. b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 13, 2023 /s/ Roberto Mora Chief Financial officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 knit_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 knit_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report (the Report of Kinetic Group Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Ana Maria Mendez, President and Chairwoman of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: November 13, 2023 By: /s/ Ana Maria Mendez Ana Maria Mendez President and Chairwoman 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 knit_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 knit_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report (the Report of Kinetic Group Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Roberto Mora, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: November 13, 2023 By: /s/ Roberto Mora Roberto Mora Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 knit-20230930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 knit-20230930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 knit-20230930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 knit-20230930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

