<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231207_10-K_edgar_data_1642363_0001214659-23-016143.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1916070</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>52340</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>520145</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>338339</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>401321</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>557905</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001214659-23-016143.hdr.sgml : 20231207
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231207153038
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001214659-23-016143
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20200331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231207
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231207

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SEGUIN NATURAL HAIR PRODUCTS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001642363
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PERFUMES, COSMETICS & OTHER TOILET PREPARATIONS [2844]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-205822
		FILM NUMBER:		231472197

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 YORKVILLE AVE. SUITE 2803
		CITY:			TORONTO
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			M4W 0A3
		BUSINESS PHONE:		647-271-4226

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 YORKVILLE AVE. SUITE 2803
		CITY:			TORONTO
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			M4W 0A3

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001214659-23-016143.txt : 20231207

10-K
 1
 q420190331_10k.htm
 MARCH 31, 2020

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C.
20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED , 2020 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ________ to ________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 

(IRS Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

_______________________________________________________________________________________ 

 (Former name or former address, if changed since
last report) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code 1+( 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

None 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of
the Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 x 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 x 

Indicate by check mark whether the issuer (1) filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the last 90 days.
Yes x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes 
 x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer, non-accelerated filer, and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

 Accelerated filer 

 x 

 Smaller reporting company 

 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). x No

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

State the aggregate market value of the voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the
average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second
fiscal quarter was - - as of June 30, 2020. 

There is no market for the comment equity of the
registrant. As of December 7, 2023, there were . Shares of Common Stock issued
and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 5 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 6 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 6 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 6 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 6 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 6 

ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 6 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 7 

ITEM 8. 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 9 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 
 11 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 11 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 11 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 12 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 13 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 13 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 13 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 14 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 15 

2 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains
 forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements discuss matters that are not historical facts. Because they discuss future
events or conditions, forward-looking statements may include words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, 
 intend, could, should, would, may, seek, plan, 
 might, will, expect, anticipate, predict, project, 
 forecast, potential, continue negatives thereof or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements
speak only as of the date they are made, are based on various underlying assumptions and current expectations about the future and are
not guarantees. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, level
of activity, performance or achievement to be materially different from the results of operations or plans expressed or implied by such
forward-looking statements. 

We cannot predict all of the risks and uncertainties.
Accordingly, such information should not be regarded as representations that the results or conditions described in such statements or
that our objectives and plans will be achieved and we do not assume any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any of these
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K
and include information concerning possible or assumed future results of our operations, including statements about potential acquisition
or merger targets; business strategies; future cash flows; financing plans; plans and objectives of management; any other statements regarding
future acquisitions, future cash needs, future operations, business plans and future financial results, and any other statements that
are not historical facts. 

These forward-looking statements represent our
intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors.
Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied
by those forward-looking statements. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking
statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than we have described. You are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K. All
subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning other matters addressed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and
attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained
or referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Except to the extent required by law, we undertake
no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, a change in events,
conditions, circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements, or otherwise. 

3 

USE OF CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS 

Except as otherwise indicated by the context,
references in this report to we, us, our, the Company are to Seguin Natural Hair
Products Inc. 

In addition, unless the context otherwise requires and for the purposes
of this report only: 

Exchange Act refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

SEC refers to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Securities Act refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

4 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

General Overview 

We were incorporated on April
29, 2014 under the laws of the State of Nevada. We originally intended to engage in the business of developing, marketing and sell shampoo,
conditioner and other hair care products made from natural ingredients. Initial operations included organization and incorporation, target
market identification, marketing plans, capital formation and property acquisitions. However, we are no longer in the business of developing
and selling shampoo, conditioner or any other hair care products. We are presently considered a shell company and our current
business plan is to seek to acquire a viable ongoing business either by acquisition, merger or other form of business combination transaction.
In accordance with our current business model, on December 28, 2017 we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger as amended January
9, 2018 Merger Agreement ), with Yuengling s Ice Cream Corporation, a private Pennsylvania corporation Yuengling s ).
On June 13, 2018, the Company informed Yuengling s by written notice that the Company has terminated the Agreement and Plan of Merger
dated December 28, 2017. The reason for the termination was the failure of Yuengling s to complete the audit of its financial statements
as required by the terms of the Merger Agreement. 

Corporate Facilities 

Our administrative and executive
offices located at 311 Bay Street, Unit 3405, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5H 4G5 which are provided by our Chief Executive Officer without
charge. 

Emerging Growth Company 

We are an emerging growth
company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act 0f 2012 JOBS Act and may take advantage of certain
exemptions from certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies included but not limited to, not being required to comply with auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote of shareholders on executive compensation
and any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year during which our revenues exceed 1 billion; (ii) the
date on which we issue more than 1 billion of non-convertible debt in a three year period; (iii) the last day of the fiscal year
following the fifth anniversary of the date of our first sale of our common equity securities pursuant to an effective registration statement
filed pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933,as amended; or (iv) when the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliated
exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

To the extent we continue to qualify
as a smaller reporting company , as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, after
we cease to qualify as an emerging growth company , certain of the exemptions available to us as an emerging growth
company may continue to be available to us as smaller reporting company including (i) not being required to
comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; and (ii) scaled executive
compensation disclosures; and (iii) the requirement to provide only two years of audited consolidated financial statements instead
of three. 

5 

Item 1A Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to provide the information required by this item. 

Item 2. Properties 

We do not own any properties at
this time and do not have presently any agreements to acquire any properties. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

We are not involved in any legal proceedings 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Our stock symbol on OTC Pink is SNHR .
Our common stock is not currently quoted on the OTC Pink inter-dealer quotation service maintained by OTC Markets Group Inc., accordingly,
there is presently no active public market for our common stock. 

Our common stock is subject to Rule 15g-9
of the Exchange Act, known as the Penny Stock Rule, which imposes requirements on broker/dealers who sell securities subject to the rule to
persons other than established customers and accredited investors. For transactions covered by the rule, brokers/dealers must make a special
suitability determination for purchasers of the securities and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction prior
to sale. The Securities and Exchange Commission SEC also has rules that regulate broker/dealer practices in
connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than 5.00,
other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system, provided that current price
and volume information with respect to transactions in that security is provided by the exchange or system. The Penny Stock Rules requires
a broker/dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure
document prepared by the SEC that provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market.
The broker/dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker/dealer
and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s
account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker/dealer and salesperson compensation information, must be given to the customer orally
or in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation.
These disclosure requirements have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for our common stock.
As a result of these rules, investors may find it difficult to sell their shares. 

As of the date of this report, we have 14,578,506 shares of common
stock issued and outstanding held by 17 stockholders of record. 

Dividend Policy 

To date, we have not declared or paid any dividends
on our common stock. We currently do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future on our common stock. It is anticipated
that our future earnings will be retained to finance our continuing development. Although we intend to retain our earnings, if any, to
finance the exploration and growth of our business, our Board of Directors has the discretion to declare and pay dividends in the future.
Payment of dividends in the future will depend upon our earnings, capital requirements, and any other factors that our Board of Directors
deems relevant. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, we did not issue
any shares of common or preferred stock. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 

There is no selected financial data required to
be filed for a smaller reporting company. 

6 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion provides information
which management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our results of operations and financial condition. The discussion
should be read along with our financial statements and notes thereto. This section includes a number of forward-looking statements that
reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. Forward-looking statements are often identified by
words like believe, expect, estimate, anticipate, intend, project and similar expressions, or words which, by their nature, refer to future
events. You should not place undue certainty on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to
certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our predictions. 

Plan of Operations 

At the present time, the Company has no business
operations. The Company will continue to seek other business opportunities either through the acquisition of, or merger with, an existing
company with ongoing business operations. As of March 31, 2020, the Company had not generated any revenues and had no income or cash flows
from operations since inception. At March 31, 2020, the Company had sustained net loss of 17,503 and had an accumulated deficit of 268,412. 

The Company s independent auditors have
issued a report raising substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The continuation of the Company
as a going concern is dependent upon these operations successfully generating cash flow for the Company, financial support from its stockholders,
its ability to obtain necessary equity financing to continue operations and/or to successfully locate and negotiate with a business entity
for the combination of the target company with the Company. 

Balance sheet at March 31, 2020 and 2019 

Cash 

At March 31, 2020 we had cash of 0 compared
to 26 as of March 31, 2019. 

Prepaid asset 

At March 31, 2020 we had prepaid expenses
of 24,411 compared to 1,920 as at March 31, 2019. 

Accrued liabilities 

Accrued liabilities at March 31, 2020 totaled 3,445 compared to 2,257
as at March 31, 2019. The increase is attributable to the issuance by the Company of convertible promissory notes and promissory notes
payable. 

Payable to related parties 

At March 31, 2020, the Company had no convertible
notes payable and promissory notes payable to related parties compared to no convertible notes or promissory notes payable to related
parties payable at March 31, 2019. 

At March 31, 2020, the Company had related party
loan amounts of 58,270 compared to 19,490 as of March 31, 2019. 

Shareholder advances and receivable 

Shareholder advances represent expenses paid by
the owners from personal funds. The amount of advances at March 31, 2020 was 236 which was the same amount at March 31, 2019. 

Income statement for the years ended March 31,
2020 and 2019 

Revenues for the years ended March 31,
2020 and 2019 

The Company did not have any revenues from any sources in 2020 or 2019
and no revenues are expected in the near term until the Company locates and completes an acquisition of an operational business. 

7 

Expenses for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 

Operating expenses decreased from 35,246 as of
March 31, 2019 to 17,503 as of March 31, 2020. The decrease was principally attributable to a decrease in professional fees for legal
and accounting services associated with the Company s financial and periodic reports filed obligations with the SEC. 

Other income for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 

The Company had Other Income and Expenses of 0 and 7,359 as of March
31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The Other Income and Expenses in the year ended March 30, 2019, amounted to Gain on Extinguishment of
debt of 10,000, Gain on mark to market of derivative of 12,857, net of Derivative discount amortization of 5,000 and Interest Expenses
of 10,498. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

At March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 

We had nominal assets at both March 31, 2020 and
March 31, 2019. As of March 31, 2020, we had 0 in cash as compared to 26 in cash at March 31, 2019. Total liabilities at March 31, 2020
were 79,451. At March 31, 2019, liabilities totaled 39,483. Unless our officers/related stockholders continue to advance funds to the
Company, of which there can be no assurance, or the Company receives an infusion of capital, it is unlikely that the Company will continue
operations. At March 31, 2020, we had an accumulated deficit of (268,412) as compared to (250,909) at March 31, 2019. 

Going Concern 

The Company s financial statements have
been prepared assuming that it will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and
liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

As reflected in the financial statements, the
Company had an accumulated deficit at March 31, 2020, a net loss, and net cash used in operating activities for the reporting period then
ended. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company is attempting to commence operations
and generate sufficient revenue; however, the Company s cash position may never be sufficient to commence and support its daily
operations. While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to commence operations and generate sufficient revenue and in
its ability to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern
is dependent upon its ability to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenue and in its ability to raise additional
funds. 

The financial statements do not include any adjustments
related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might
be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

8 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2020 and 2019 

Page 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 10 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Balance Sheets 
 F-2 

Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 F-3 

Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 F-4 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-5 

Notes to the Financial Statements 
 F-6 - F-13 

9 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Seguin
Natural Hair Products, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Seguin Natural Hair Products, Inc. the Company as of March 31, 2020 and 2019, and the related statements of operations,
changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the two-year period ended March 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of March 31, 2020 and 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has
an accumulated deficit and net losses since inception. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

PCAOB ID #0 

 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

December 7, 2023 

10 

SEGUIN NATURAL HAIR PRODUCTS, INC. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2020
AND 2019 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Financial Statements 

Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2020 and 2019 
 F-2 

Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 
 F-3 

Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 
 F-4 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 
 F-5 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-6 - F-13 

F- 1 

Seguin Natural Hair Products, Inc. 

 Balance Sheets 

March 31, 

2020 
 2019 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 
 - 

Prepaid expense and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Compensation payable 

Advances from stockholders 

Loan payable related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT: 

Common stock par value : shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 

Additional paid-in capital 

Common shares to be issued 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders' Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements. 

F- 2 

Seguin Natural Hair Products, Inc. 

 Statements of Operations 

For the Year Ended March 31, 

2020 
 2019 

Operating Expenses 

Professional fees 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Other Income and Expenses 

Gain on Extinguishment of debt 
 - 

Gain (loss) on mark to market of derivative 
 - 

Derivative discount amortization 
 - 

Interest expense 
 - 

Total other income (expense) 
 - 

Income Tax Provision 
 - 
 - 

Net Loss 

Net Loss per Common Share - Basic and Diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: - basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements. 

F- 3 

Seguin Natural Hair Products, Inc. 

 Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit 

 For the Years Ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 

Common Stock, 0.0001 Par Value 
 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Number of 
 
 Shares to be 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 issued 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Balance, April 1, 2018 

- 

Common stock issued upon conversion of Debt 

- 

Net loss 

Balance, March 31, 2019 

Net Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, March 31, 2020 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements. 

F- 4 

Seguin Natural Hair Products, Inc. 

 Statements of Cash Flows 

For the Year Ended March 31, 

2020 
 2019 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Change in fair value of derivatives 
 - 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 - 

Amortization on debt discount 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid Expenses 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from loan related parties 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash at beginning of the reporting period 

Cash at end of the reporting period 
 - 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOWS INFORMATION: 

Interest paid 
 - 
 - 

Income tax paid 
 - 
 - 

SUPPLIMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS 

Issuance of shares upon conversion of notes payable 
 - 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements. 

F- 5 

Seguin Natural Hair Products Inc. 

 March 31, 2020 and 2019 

 Notes to the Financial Statements 

(ii) Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets : Management assumes that the realization of the Company s
net deferred tax assets resulting from its net operating loss NOL carry forwards for Federal income tax purposes
that may be offset against future taxable income was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of
the net loss carry-forwards are offset by a full valuation allowance. Management made this assumption based on (a) the Company has incurred
recurring losses, (b) general economic conditions, (d) its ability to raise additional funds to support its daily operations by way of
a public or private offering, among other factors. 

These significant accounting estimates or assumptions
bear the risk of change due to the fact that there are uncertainties attached to these estimates or assumptions, and certain estimates
or assumptions are difficult to measure or value. 

Management bases its estimates on historical experience
and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole under the circumstances,
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. 

Management regularly evaluates the key factors
and assumptions used to develop the estimates utilizing currently available information, changes in facts and circumstances, historical
experience and reasonable assumptions. After such evaluations, if deemed appropriate, those estimates are adjusted accordingly. 

Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

potentially dilutive common shares
outstanding for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019. 

The Company evaluated all recent accounting pronouncements
issued and determined that the adoption of these pronouncements would not have a material effect on the financial position, results of
operations or cash flows of the Company. 

of which was paid directly to the holder to pay
for expenses on behalf of the Company. These borrowings were from an investor (the Lender who has significant influence
over the Company s affairs. Interest is to per annum and is payable on demand. For the notes issued between November 14,
2017, and December 4, 2017, in the event of prepayment, the Borrower will pay to Lender 150 of the unpaid principal amount of the notes.
For the remainder of the notes, there is no penalty for prepayment. These promissory notes have since been modified to include conversion
privileges. 

Conversion Terms: 

The Lender has the right at any time following
the 9th anniversary month of the date of the note, to convert the outstanding and unpaid notes principal and interest due into the Company s
common shares. The number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon a conversion hereunder will be determined by dividing the Conversion
Amount by Volume Weighted Average Price of the Common Stock as quoted by OTC Markets Group Inc. for the preceding five (5) trading days
immediately preceding the date of conversion Conversion Price ). In no event, however, will the Conversion Price be less
than per share. 

Conversion of Debt: 

In December 2018, in a private transaction, the
holder of in debt sold these notes to an unrelated investor who subsequently converted the outstanding principal debt to common
stock, thereby acquiring control of the Company. Effective December 4, 2018, the Company issued shares of its common stock Shares upon the exercise of conversion rights under outstanding convertible promissory notes Notes ). The conversion price
for the shares was per share and the aggregate principal amount converted under the Notes was . As a result of the conversion,
the Notes were paid in full and are no longer outstanding obligations of the Company. On December 8th, 2021, the Company issued the additional
 shares of common stock for the above conversion. The Shares were issued in compliance with the exemptions from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, provided by Section 4(a)(2) and Regulation S for transactions not involving a
public offering and for offers and sales outside the United States. The additional shares are classified in Common shares to be
issued on the balance sheet. 

and in advances from related parties are outstanding, respectively. These advances are unsecured, bear no interest, and do not
have formal repayment terms or arrangements. 

Free Office Space 

The Company has been provided office space by
its Chief Executive Officer at no cost. The management determined that such cost is nominal and did not recognize the rent expense in
its financial statement. 

Shareholder Advances 

The balance owed to shareholders as of March 31,
2020 and March 31, 2019 was . The advances from shareholders are unsecured, non-interest bearing, and payable on demand. 

Management Compensation Payable 

During the year ended March 31, 2020, the Company
accrued 0 in compensation to be paid to Management for services rendered. The total compensation payable as of March 31, 2020 and 2019
is . 

that may be offset against future taxable income
through 2037. No tax benefit has been reported with respect to these net operating loss carry-forwards because the Company believes that
the realization of the Company s net deferred tax assets of approximately was not considered more likely than not and accordingly,
the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are offset by a full valuation allowance. 

Deferred tax assets consist primarily of the tax
effect of NOL carry-forwards. The Company has provided a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets because of the uncertainty
regarding the probability of its realization. The valuation allowance increased approximately and for the year ended March
31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

Components of deferred tax assets in the balance sheets are as follows: 

Less valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 

Income Tax Provision in the Statements of Operations 

A reconciliation of the federal statutory income tax rate and the effective
income tax rate as a percentage of income before income tax provision is as follows: 

shares of common stock it had recorded as Shares to be Issued related to the December 2018 Debt Conversion (See Note 4). 

F- 13 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

There were no changes in or disagreements with
accountants on accounting and financial disclosure for the period covered by this report. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 COSO Framework or COSO). Based on this evaluation, management has concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of March 31, 2020. Management identified segregation of duties 
maintenance of current accounting records as material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. 

Management is in the continuous process of improving
the internal control over financial reporting by engaging a Certified Public Accountant as a consultant to mitigate some of the identified
weaknesses. The Company is still in its development stage and intends on bringing in necessary resources to address the weaknesses once
full operations have commenced. Management concludes that internal control over financial reporting is ineffective at March 31, 2020. 

Management s Report of Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Our management carried out an evaluation of the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this report (the Evaluation Date ).
Based upon that evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer each concluded that as of the Evaluation Date, our
disclosure controls and procedures are ineffective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file
or submit under the Exchange Act (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and our chief
financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes in the Company s
internal controls over financial reporting during its fourth fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other information 

Not applicable. 

11 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance; 

As of the date of this report, the directors and officers of the Company
are as follows: 

NAME 
 
 AGE 
 
 POSITIONS AND OFFICES HELD 
 
 Danny Iandoli 
 
 57 
 
 President/CEO and Director 

Danny Iandoli is currently the Company sole officer and director.
He has been officer and director since December 6, 2018. Mr, Iandoli is the owner of Dicar Financial Incorporated located in Vaughan,
Ontario, Canada which is in business of making and holding real estate mortgage loans on residential and commercial property. 

Term of Office 

Our director is appointed for a one-year term
to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our stockholders or until removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our
officers, if any, are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the board. All officers and directors listed
above will remain in office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders, and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified.
There are no agreements with respect to the election of Directors. We have not compensated our Directors for service on our Board of Directors,
any committee thereof, or reimbursed for expenses incurred for attendance at meetings of our Board of Directors and/or any committee of
our Board of Directors. Officers are appointed annually by our Board of Directors and each Executive Officer serves at the discretion
of our Board of Directors. We do not have any standing committees. Our Board of Directors may in the future determine to pay Directors 
fees and reimburse Directors for expenses related to their activities. 

None of our officers and/or directors have filed
any bankruptcy petition, been convicted of or been the subject of any criminal proceedings or the subject of any order, judgment or decree
involving the violation of any state or federal securities laws within the past five (5) years. 

Audit Committee 

At the present time, we do not have a standing
audit committee of the Board of Directors. Management has determined not to establish an audit committee at present because of our limited
resources and limited operating activities do not warrant the formation of an audit committee or the expense of doing so. We do not have
a financial expert serving on the Board of Directors or employed as an officer based on management s belief that the cost of obtaining
the services of a person who meets the criteria for a financial expert under Item 401(e) of Regulation S-B is beyond its limited
financial resources and the financial skills of such an expert are simply not required or necessary for us to maintain effective internal
controls and procedures for financial reporting in light of the limited scope and simplicity of accounting issues raised in its consolidated
financial statements at this stage of its development. We have not formed a Compensation Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee or any other Board Committee as of the filing of this Annual Report. 

Certain Legal Proceedings 

No director, nominee for director, or executive
officer of the Company has appeared as a party in any legal proceeding material to an evaluation of his ability or integrity during the
past five years. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Our common stock is not presently registered pursuant to Section 12
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

12 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics Code that applies to our officers, directors and employees including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer and Chief Accounting Officer. A copy of the Code will be provided to any person upon request, without charge. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The Company has not to date paid any compensation
to any officer or director. The Company intends to pay annual salaries to all its officers and will pay an annual stipend to its directors
when, and if, it completes a primary public offering for the sale of securities and/or the Company reaches profitability, experiences
positive cash flow and/or obtains additional funding. At such time, the Company anticipates offering cash and non-cash compensation to
officers and directors. In addition, although not presently offered, the Company anticipates that its officers and directors will be provided
with a group health, vision and dental insurance program at subsidizes rates, or at the sole expense of the Company, as may be determined
on a case-by-case basis by the Company in its sole discretion. In addition, the Company plans to offer 401(k) matching funds as a
retirement benefit, paid vacation days and paid holidays. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth certain information
as of regarding the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock by (i) our named executive officer, and (ii) each of our directors,
(iii) each person we know to beneficially own more than 5 of our outstanding Common Stock. All shares of our Common Stock shown
in the table reflect sole voting and investment power. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Position 
 
 Common 
shares 
beneficially 
owned 

Percent of 
Common 
shares 
beneficially 
owned 
(1) 

Danny Iandoli 
 
 Pres/CEO, Director 

9,353,506 

55.53 

311 Bay Street, Unit 3405, Toronto, ON, Canada M5H 4G5 

Glen Similas 

792,000 

4.70 

25 Nectarne Crescent 

Brampton, ON, Canada L6S 5Z1 

Total owned by officers and directors 

10,145,506 

60.23 

(1) Based on 16,843,878 shares outstanding as of this Report. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director
Independence 

Director Independence 

Presently, our sole director, Danny Iandoli, is
the Company s sole officer and as such we have no directors who would qualify as independent as defined in NASDAQ Marketplace Rules.
Our director believes that retaining one or more additional directors who would qualify as independent would be overly costly, burdensome
and not warranted in the circumstances given the Company s current stage of development. 

13 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Fruci Associates II, PLLC, is the Company s
registered independent accounting firm for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. 

Audit Fees 

7,500.00 

Audit Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

There was no Tax Fees for years ended March 31,
2020 and 2019. 

All Other Fees 

There were no other fees for years ended March
31, 2020 and 2019. 

14 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K 

(a) Financial Statements 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 10 

Financial Statements for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 

Balance Sheet 
 
 F-2 

Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 
 F-3 

Statement of Stockholders Equity 
 
 F-4 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-5 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-6 - F-13 

15 

(b) Exhibits 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Incorporated by 
 Reference 
 
 Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing 
Date 

3(i)(a) 
 
 Articles of Incorporation 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on July 23, 2015. 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

Fixed herewith 

16 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: December 7, 2023 
 SEGUIN NATURAL HAIR PRODUCTS INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Danny Iandoli 

Danny Iandoli 

Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Director 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

Chief Executive Officer and 

/s/ Danny Iandoli 
 
 Director 
 
 December 7, 2023 
 
 Danny Iandoli 

17 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, 
 Danny Iandoli, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this form 10-K of Seguin Natural Hair Products Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: December 7, 2023 
 SEGUIN NATURAL HAIR PRODUCTS INC. 

By: 
 /s/Danny Iandoli 

Danny Iandoli 

Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with Annual Report of Seguin Natural Hair Products Inc.
for the year ended March 31, 2020, I, Danny Iandoli Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company hereby
certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of
my knowledge and belief, that: 

1. 
 Such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2020
fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended March 31, 2020 fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Dated: December 7, 2023 
 SEGUIN NATURAL HAIR PRODUCTS INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Danny Iandoli 

Danny Iandoli 

Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 snhp-20200331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 snhp-20200331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 snhp-20200331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 snhp-20200331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

