<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231013_10-K_edgar_data_788920_0001079973-23-001429.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8833476</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>225677</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1268067</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3229203</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1589022</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2185986</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001079973-23-001429.hdr.sgml : 20231013
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231013161504
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001079973-23-001429
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231013
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231013

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PRO DEX INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000788920
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				841261240
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-14942
		FILM NUMBER:		231325228

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2361 MCGAW AVENUE
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92614
		BUSINESS PHONE:		949-769-3231

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2361 MCGAW AVENUE
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92614

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PRO-DEX, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151110

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CONTEXT CAPITAL FUNDS
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PRO DEX INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001079973-23-001429.txt : 20231013

10-K
 1
 pdex_10k-063023.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, DC 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2023 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
from ____________ to ____________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of December 31, 2022,
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the closing sales
price on the Nasdaq Capital Market was approximately million. For the purpose of this calculation shares owned by officers, directors,
and 10 shareholders known to the registrant have been deemed to be owned by affiliates. This calculation does not reflect a determination
that persons are affiliates for any other purposes. 

As of September 29,
2023, shares of the registrant s no par value common stock were outstanding. 

Documents
incorporated by reference: 

Part III of this report
incorporates by reference certain information from the registrant s definitive proxy statement (the Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission within
120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates. 

PRO-DEX, INC. 

 FORM 10-K 

 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 
 1 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 2 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 7 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 14 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 14 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 14 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 14 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY,RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 15 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 RESERVED 
 15 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 16 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 24 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 25 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 60 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 60 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 61 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 61 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 62 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 62 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 62 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 62 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 62 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 63 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10 K SUMMARY 
 66 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 
 67 

i 

EXPLANATORY
NOTE 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended June 30, 2023, (this Form 10-K ), of Pro-Dex, Inc. Company, Pro-Dex, we, 
 our, us includes amended and restated consolidated financial statements and related financial information
as of and for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021. This Form 10-K also includes restated quarterly information for the quarters ended
March 31, 2023, December 31, 2022, September 30, 2022, March 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, September 30, 2021, March 31, 2021, December
31, 2020, and September 30, 2020. This information is disclosed in Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Background of the Restatement 

As described in the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on September 28, 2023, in connection
with preparing the Company s financial statements for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Company determined
its calculation of the estimated fair value of a warrant (the Monogram Warrant ), which the Company was granted on
December 20, 2018, representing the Company s right to purchase up to 5 of the outstanding stock of Monogram Orthopaedics Inc.
calculated on a fully diluted basis, was materially understated for fiscal years
ended June 30, 2020, 2021 and 2022 and all interim periods commencing with the quarter ended September 30, 2020 through the quarter ended
March 31, 2023. 

On September
27, 2023, management and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Audit Committee ), after consultation
with Moss Adams, LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, determined that the Company s previously
issued financial statements referenced above should be restated to reflect the impact of the error, and accordingly, should no longer
be relied upon. 

 As
a result of the information described above, management has concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were
not effective at a reasonable assurance level and the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of
the end of each of the periods covered by the restatement. The Company has identified a material weakness in internal control over financial
reporting related to its application of ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging related to the Monogram Warrant. Please see Item 9A (Controls
and Procedures) in this Form 10-K for a description of these matters, and of certain remediation measures that we plan to take to strengthen
our internal control over financial reporting. 

 Reliance on
Prior Consolidated Financial Statements 

 We have not
amended our previously filed Annual Reports on Form 10-K or Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the periods effected by the restatement.
The information that has been previously filed or otherwise reported for these periods is superseded by the information in this Form 10-K.
As such, we do not anticipate amending our previously filed Annual Reports on Form 10-K or our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for any
prior periods. Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements and related financial information contained in such previously filed
reports should no longer be relied upon. 

1 

PART I 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 This report contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements are not based on historical facts but instead reflect
the Company s expectations, estimates or projections concerning future results or events. These statements generally can be identified
by the use of forward-looking words or phrases such as believe, expect, anticipate, may, 
 could, intend, intent, belief, estimate, project, 
 forecast, plan, likely, will, should or similar words or phrases.
These statements are not guarantees of performance and are inherently subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and assumptions
that are difficult to predict and could cause actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or
indicated by those statements. The Company cannot assure you that any of its expectations, estimates or projections will be achieved. 

 Forward-looking statements
included in this report are only made as of the date of this report and the Company disclaims any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking
statement to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. 

 Numerous factors could cause
the Company s actual results and events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements, including,
without limitation: loss of a significant customer, entry of new and stronger competitors, capital availability, unexpected costs, compliance
with contractual obligations, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, failure to capitalize upon access to new customers, marketplace delisting,
the ramifications of industry consolidation of medical products manufacturers, dealers and distributors, managed health care, failure
to mitigate supply chain issues, market acceptance and support of new products, cancellation of existing contracts, customer in
house production of products previously designed by and/or acquired from the Company, invalidity or unenforceability of the Company s
patents and other intellectual property, maintaining favorable supplier relationships, the Company s ability to engage qualified
human resources as needed, regulatory compliance, general economic conditions, and other factors described under Item 1A (Risk Factors)
of this report. This list of factors is illustrative, but by no means exhaustive. All forward-looking statements should be evaluated with
the understanding of their inherent uncertainty. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

 Company Overview 

 Pro-Dex, Inc. Company, 
 Pro-Dex, we, our, us specializes in the design, development, and manufacture
of autoclavable, battery-powered and electric, multi-function surgical drivers and shavers used primarily in the orthopedic, thoracic,
and craniomaxillofacial CMF markets. We have patented adaptive torque-limiting technology and proprietary sealing
solutions which appeal to our customers, primarily medical device distributors. We also manufacture and sell rotary air motors to a wide
range of industries. 

Our patented adaptive torque-limiting
software has been very well received in the CMF and thoracic markets and we have continued investment in this area with research and development
focused on applying this technology to other surgical applications. 

In November 2020, we purchased
an approximate 25,000 square foot industrial building in Tustin, California (the Franklin
Property ). This building is located approximately four miles from our Irvine, California headquarters and was acquired to provide
us additional capacity for our expected continued future growth. We substantially completed the build-out of the property during fiscal
2022 and concluded various verification and validation activities during fiscal 2023. We moved our entire assembly and repairs operations
to the new facility in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 and we are now fully operational in the new facility. We believe the new facility
will create additional capacity for our expected continued growth over the next several years. 

2 

O ur
principal headquarters are located at 2361 McGaw Avenue, Irvine, California 92614 and our phone number is 949-769-3200. Our Internet address
is www.pro-dex.com . Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, amendments to
those reports, and certain other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings, are available free of charge through
our website as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. In addition,
our Code of Ethics and other corporate governance documents may be found on our website at the Internet address set forth above. Our filings
with the SEC may also be read and copied at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may
obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site
that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC
at www.sec.gov and company specific information at www.sec.gov/edgar/searchedgar/companysearch.html . 

 All years relating to financial
data herein shall refer to fiscal years ended June 30, unless indicated otherwise. 

Description of Business 

 The
majority of our revenue is derived from designing, developing and manufacturing surgical
devices for the medical device industry. The proportion of total sales by type is as follows
(in thousands, except percentages): 

Years
 Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 

(In thousands) 

of Revenue 

of Revenue 
 
 Medical devices 
 30,740 
 66 
 34,004 
 81 
 
 Industrial and scientific 
 865 
 2 
 919 
 2 
 
 NRE Prototypes 
 2,695 
 6 
 1,014 
 2 
 
 Dental and component 
 257 
 1 
 465 
 1 
 
 Repairs 
 12,617 
 27 
 6,610 
 16 
 
 Discounts Other 
 (1,087 
 (2 
 (971 
 (2 
 
 Total Sales 
 46,087 
 100 
 42,041 
 100 

Our medical device products utilize
proprietary designs developed by us primarily under exclusive development and supply agreements and are currently machined in our Irvine,
California facility, and assembled in our Tustin, California facility, as are our rotary air motors. Our medical device products are sold
primarily to original equipment manufacturers and our air motors are sold primarily to a wide range of distributors and end users. 

 In fiscal 2023, our top
three customers accounted for 92 of our sales compared to 88 in fiscal 2022. In fiscal 2023, we had one customer, included in both medical
device and repairs revenue above, that accounted for 67 of sales with our next largest customer accounting for 16 of sales. This compares
to fiscal 2022, when these same two customers accounted for 66 and 14 , respectively, of our total sales. In many cases, including our
largest customers, disclosure of customer names is prohibited by confidentiality agreements with such entities. We have no plans to discontinue
the sales relationships with our existing significant customers, nor does management have any knowledge that any existing significant
customer intends to terminate its relationship with us. 

Our business today is almost entirely
driven by sales of our medical devices. Many of our significant customers place purchase orders for specific products that were developed
under various development and/or supply agreements. Our customers may request that we design and manufacture a custom surgical device
or they may hire us as a contract manufacturer to manufacture a product of their own design. In either case, we have extensive experience
with autoclavable, battery-powered and electric, multi-function surgical drivers and shavers. We continue to focus a significant percentage
of our time and resources on providing outstanding products and service to our valued principal customers. During the first quarter of
fiscal 2021, our largest customer executed an amendment to our existing supply agreement such that we will continue to supply their surgical
handpieces to them through calendar 2025 and, during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, they executed a product development agreement
and related statement of work for our assistance with the next generation of this handpiece. Additionally, we continue to invest in property
and equipment as well as personnel to expand our capacity to achieve higher sales volumes. 

3 

To that end, we purchased the
Franklin Property in November 2020. This building is located approximately four miles from our Irvine, California headquarters and was
acquired to provide us additional capacity for our expected continued future growth. We began operations in the new facility during the
fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. While we believe that the efforts we completed to bring the facility operational will allow us ample capacity
to increase revenues significantly in future years, there can be no assurance that we will increase revenue. 

Simultaneously, we are working
to build top-line sales through active proposals of new medical device products with new and existing customers. Our patented adaptive
torque-limiting software has been very well received in the CMF and thoracic markets. Additionally, we have other significant engineering
projects under way described more fully below under Results of Operations. 

The majority of the raw materials
and components used to manufacture our products are purchased and are available from several sources, including through our own in-house
machining capabilities. Portescap, Fischer Connectors, and Tadiran Batteries are examples of key suppliers. We have no exclusive arrangements
with any of our suppliers, but in several instances only one supplier is used for certain high-value components. In most of such instances,
secondary suppliers have been identified, although it is likely that any transition to a new or different supplier would result in a delay
in the supply chain. We consider our relationships with our suppliers and manufacturers to be good, however, during fiscal 2022 and continuing
into fiscal 2023, many of our suppliers have increased lead times, experienced delays in shipments and raised prices or temporarily added
surcharges. We do not intend to terminate any such relationship at this time, nor does management have knowledge that any supplier or
manufacturer intends to terminate its relationship with us. 

 Our commitment to product
design, manufacturing, and quality systems are supported by our compliance with several regulatory agency requirements and standards.
We hold a U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA Establishment Registration and a State of California Device Manufacturing
License (Department of Public Health Food and Drug Branch) with respect to our Irvine and Tustin, California facilities. In addition,
both facilities produce products that are certified to ISO 13485:2016, Medical Device Directive 93/42/EEC Annex II. 

 At June 30, 2023,
we had a backlog of 41.6 million compared with a backlog of 16.5 million at June 30, 2022. Our backlog represents firm purchase orders
received and acknowledged from our customers and does not include all revenue expected to be generated from existing customer contracts.
Of our backlog at June 30, 2023, 31.4 million, as well as certain purchase orders received subsequent to June 30, 2023, are expected
to be delivered during fiscal 2024 and the balance of 10.2 million is expected to be delivered in fiscal 2025. We have experienced, and
may continue to experience, variability in our new order bookings due to, among other reasons, the launch of new products, the timing
of customer orders based on end-user demand, and customer inventory levels. We do not typically experience seasonal fluctuations in our
shipments and revenues. 

Segments 

 We have only one operating
segment as our business is currently operated. 

Competition 

 The markets for products in the
industries served by our customers are intensely competitive, and we face significant competition from a number of different sources.
Several of our competitors have significantly greater name recognition, as well as substantially greater financial, technical, product
development, and marketing resources, than us. 

We compete in all of our
markets with other major medical device companies. As a provider of outsourced services, we also compete with our customers own
internal development and manufacturing groups. Competitive pressures and other factors, such as new product or new technology introductions
by us, our customers internal development and manufacturing departments, or our competitors, may result in price or market share
erosion that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Also, there can be
no assurance that our products and services will achieve broad market acceptance or will successfully compete with other products targeting
the same customers. 

4 

Research and Development 

 We conduct research and
development activities to both maintain and improve our market position. Our research and development efforts involve the design and manufacture
of products that perform specific applications for our existing and prospective customers. Our research and development activities are
focused on: 

expanding our knowledge base in the medical device industry to solidify our products with current customers
and expand our customer base; 

advancing applicable technologies; 

introducing new products; and 

enhancing our existing product lines. 

In certain instances, we may share
research and development costs with our customers by billing for non-recurring engineering services often provided for under development
portions of certain contracts. Revenue recognized for non-recurring engineering services represented 6 of our revenue in fiscal 2023
and 2 of our revenue in fiscal 2022. 

 During the fiscal years
ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, we incurred research and development expenses amounting to 2.8 million and 3.0 million, respectively,
which costs exclude labor and related expenses of approximately 724,000 and 739,000 in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively, that were
reimbursed by our customers through billings for non-recurring engineering services. 

 Human Capital Management 

 Our employees are among
our most critical assets. The success and growth of our business depends on our ability to attract, reward, retain and develop talent
in all levels of our organization, including, but not limited to, machine operators, assembly technicians, engineers, and management. 

 In order to attract and
retain highly qualified employees, we offer the following: 

Competitive, reasonable, and equitable compensation programs; 

Comprehensive and highly competitive health and welfare benefits to promote our employees physical
health, as well as a 401(k) plan to support our employees financial health; 

An Employee Stock Purchase Plan and equity compensation to provide financial value, align employee s
interests with those of our shareholders, and incentivize retention; 

Flexible paid vacation and sick time, as well as paid volunteer time; and 

Education/tuition reimbursement and referral programs. 

 Our employee turnover for
the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 was 16 and 14 , respectively. We consider the turnover rate a valuable metric to measure
the effectiveness of our programs and to assist in developing new programs. 

 Employees 

 At June 30, 2023, we had
146 employees, one of whom was part time, working at our two office locations in California and one employee working remotely out of state.
At June 30, 2022, we had 135 employees, one of whom was part-time, working at either our corporate office in Irvine, California or our
Franklin office in Tustin, California and one employee working remotely out of state. None of our employees are a party to any collective
bargaining agreements with us. We consider our relationships with our employees to be good. 

5 

Government Regulations 

 The manufacture and distribution
of medical devices are subject to state and federal requirements set forth by various agencies, including the FDA, and state medical boards.
The statutes, regulations, administrative orders, and advisories that affect our businesses are complex and subject to diverse, often
conflicting, interpretations. While we make every effort to maintain full compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, we are
unable to eliminate the ongoing risk that one or more of our activities or devices may at some point be determined to be non-compliant.
The penalties for non-compliance could range from an administrative warning to termination of a portion of our business. Furthermore,
even if we are subsequently determined to have fully complied with applicable laws or regulations, the costs to achieve such a determination
and the intervening loss of business could adversely affect or result in the cessation of a portion of our business. A change in such
laws or regulations at any time may have an adverse effect on our operations. 

 The FDA designates all medical
devices into one of three classes (Class I, II, or III) based on the level of control necessary to assure the safety and effectiveness
of the device (with Class I requiring the lowest level of control and Class III requiring the greatest level of control). The surgical
instrumentation we manufacture is generally classified into Class I. The FDA has broad enforcement powers to recall and prohibit the sale
of products that do not comply with federal regulations and to order the cessation of non-compliant processes. No claim has been made
to date by the FDA regarding any of our products or processes. Nevertheless, as is common in the industry, certain of our products and
processes have been the subject of routine governmental reviews and investigations. 

 The total cost of providing
health care services has been and will continue to be subject to review by governmental agencies and legislative bodies in the major world
markets, including the United States, which are faced with significant pressure to lower health care costs. 

 We believe that our business
is conducted in a manner consistent with the Environmental Protection Agency EPA and other agency regulations governing
disposition of industrial waste materials. 

 While we believe that our
products and processes fully comply with applicable laws and regulations, we are unable to predict the outcome of any investigation or
review which may be undertaken in the future with respect to our products or processes. 

 Management believes that
each of our facilities has manufacturing systems and processes that are based on established Quality Management System standards. In addition,
we believe that both our Irvine, California and Tustin, California facilities are compliant with applicable Good Manufacturing Practices
promulgated by the FDA and are compliant with applicable ISO standards set forth by the International Organization for Standardization. 

 Patents, Trademarks, and Licensing Agreements 

 We hold US and foreign patents
relating to our handheld medical devices and torque-limiting screwdrivers. Our patents have varying expiration dates. The near-term expiration
of the patents, if any, is not expected to cause any change in our revenue-generating operations as changing the legal manufacturer of
medical devices is a significant undertaking and the expiration of a patent would offer minimal inducement to make such a change. 

 We have no reason to believe
that our activities infringe upon the intellectual property of any third party. With respect to our own patents, we have no reason to
believe that our patents are invalid, and we believe that at least some of our patents cover certain aspects of our products. Although
we are currently unaware of any reason that would cause us to assert or defend a claim of patent infringement, any such assertion or defense
could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations due to the costs involved. 

 We have certain federally
registered trademarks relating to our products, including Pro-Dex , along with a number of other common law trademarks. 

 We have not entered into
any franchising agreements. We have not granted, nor do we hold any, third-party licenses having terms under which we earn revenue or
incur expense in material amounts. 

6 

ITEM 1A. RISK
 FACTORS 

Investing in our common
stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information contained
in this report, before deciding whether to invest in shares of our common stock. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business,
financial condition, operating results, and prospects would suffer. In that case, the trading price of our common stock would likely decline
and you might lose all or part of your investment in our common stock. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. Additional
risks that we currently do not know about or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also impair our operations and business results.

Risks Related to Our Business and the Industry
in Which We Operate 

 A substantial portion of our revenue is derived
from a few customers. If we were to lose a key customer, it would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

In fiscal 2023, our top three
customers accounted for 92 of our sales, with our current largest customer accounting for 67 of our sales. This customer has made purchase
commitments to us through a supply agreement to purchase surgical handpieces through calendar 2025. We provide this customer with a device
used primarily in elective surgeries and although this customer has not requested a reduction or delay to their planned shipments, if
the COVID-19 pandemic were to again materially adversely impact the United States and other markets where our products are sold, coupled
with any new recommended deferrals of elective procedures by governments and other authorities, we would expect to see a decline in demand
from our principal customer. The loss of this customer or any of our significant customers would severely impact us, including having
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, revenue, and results of operations. 

 A substantial portion of our business is
derived from our core business area that, if not serviced properly, may result in a material adverse impact upon our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. 

 In fiscal 2023, we derived
97 of our revenue from sales of our medical device products and related services. We believe that a primary factor in the market acceptance
of our products and services is the value they create for our customers. Our future financial performance will depend in large part on
our ability to continue to meet the increasingly sophisticated needs of our customers through the timely development, and successful introduction
and implementation, of new and enhanced products and services, while at the same time continuing to provide the value our customers have
come to expect from us. We have historically expended a significant percentage of our revenue on product development and believe that
significant continued product development efforts will be required to sustain our growth. Continued investment in our sales and marketing
efforts will also be required to support future growth. 

 There can be no assurance
that we will be successful in our product development efforts, that the market will continue to accept our existing products, or that
new products or product enhancements will be developed and implemented in a timely manner, meet the requirements of our customers, or
achieve market acceptance. If the market does not continue to accept our existing products, or our new products or product enhancements
do not achieve market acceptance, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

Our customers may cancel or reduce their orders, change production quantities,
or delay production, any of which would reduce our sales and adversely affect our results of operations . 

Since
most of our customers purchase our products from us on a purchase order basis, they may cancel, change, or delay product purchase commitments
with little notice to us. As a result, we are not always able to forecast with certainty the sales that we will make in a given period
and sometimes we may increase our inventory, working capital, and overhead in expectation of orders that may never be placed, or, if placed,
may be delayed, reduced, or canceled. 

The following factors, among others, affect our ability
to forecast accurately our sales and production capacity: 

Changes in the specific products or quantities our customers order; and 

Long lead times and advance financial commitments for components required to complete actual/anticipated customer orders. 

7 

In addition to reducing our sales,
delayed, reduced, or canceled purchase orders also may result in our inability to recover costs that we incur in anticipation of those
orders, such as costs associated with purchased raw materials and write-offs of obsolete inventory. 

 In recent years, we have launched several
new medical device products and our estimates of warranty claims are based largely on our previous history from similar legacy products.
If actual warranty claims exceed our estimates, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

In recent years, we have completed
significant medical device development projects in the CMF and thoracic surgical segments for which we have made estimates of product
warranty claims based upon similar, legacy products. If the actual repair volumes or repair costs exceed the estimates that we have been
using, we may incur additional costs which could be materially adverse to our results of operations and financial condition. 

 We face significant competition from a number
of different sources, which could negatively impact our results of operations. 

 The markets for products
in the industries served by our customers are intensely competitive, and we face significant competition from a number of different sources.
Several of our competitors have significantly greater name recognition, as well as substantially greater financial, technical, product
development and marketing resources, than us. 

 We compete in all of our
markets with other major surgical device and related companies. As a provider of outsourced products and services, we also compete with
our customers own internal development groups. Competitive pressures and other factors, such as new product or new technology introductions
by us, our customers internal development and manufacturing departments, or our competitors, may result in price or market share
erosion that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Also, there can be no
assurance that our products and services will achieve broad market acceptance or will successfully compete with other products. 

The industry in which we operate is subject to
significant technological change and any failure or delay in addressing such change could adversely affect our competitive position or
could make our current products obsolete. 

 The medical device market
is generally characterized by rapid technological change, changing customer needs, frequent new product introductions and evolving industry
standards. The introduction of products incorporating new technologies and the emergence of new industry standards could render our existing
products obsolete and unmarketable. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in developing and marketing new products that
respond to technological changes or evolving industry standards. 

 New product development
requires significant research and development expenditures that we have historically funded through operations; however, we may be unable
to do so in the future. Any significant decrease in revenues or research funding could impair our ability to respond to technological
advances in the marketplace and to remain competitive. If we are unable, for technological or other reasons, to develop and introduce
new products in a timely manner in response to changing market conditions or customer requirements, our business, results of operations,
and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. Although we continue to target new markets for access, develop new products,
and update existing products, there can be no assurance that we will do so successfully or that, even if we are successful, such efforts
will be completed concurrently with or prior to the introduction of competing products. Any such failure or delay could adversely affect
our competitive position or could make our current products obsolete. 

8 

We rely heavily on our proprietary technology,
which, if not properly protected or if deemed invalid, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and
results of operations. 

 We are dependent on the
maintenance and protection of our proprietary technology and rely on patent filings, exclusive development and supply agreements, confidentiality
procedures and employee nondisclosure agreements to protect it. There can be no assurance that the legal protections and precautions taken
by us will be adequate to prevent misappropriation of our technology or that competitors will not independently develop technologies equivalent
or superior to ours. Further, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to as great an extent as do the
laws of the United States and are often not enforced as vigorously as those in the United States. 

 We do not believe that our
operations or products infringe on the intellectual property rights of others. However, there can be no assurance that others will not
assert infringement or trade secret claims against us with respect to our current or future products. Assertions or claims by others,
whether or not valid, could cause us to incur significant legal costs defending our intellectual property rights and potentially require
us to enter into a license agreement or royalty arrangement with the party asserting the claim or to cease our use of the infringing technology,
any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 If our technology infrastructure is compromised,
damaged or interrupted by a cybersecurity incident, data security breach or other security problems, our results of operations and financial
condition could be adversely affected. 

 We use technology in substantially
all aspects of our business operations, and our ability to serve customers most effectively depends on the reliability of our technology
systems. We use software and other technology systems, among other things, to generate sales orders, job orders, and purchase orders and
to monitor and manage our business on a day-to-day basis. Cybersecurity incidents can include computer viruses, computer denial-of-service
attacks, worms, and other malicious software programs or other attacks, covert introduction of malware to computers and networks, impersonation
of authorized users, and efforts to discover and exploit any design flaws, bugs, security vulnerabilities or security weaknesses, as well
as intentional or unintentional acts by employees or other insiders with access privileges, intentional acts of vandalism by third parties
and sabotage. 

 In addition, our technology
infrastructure and systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, power loss and telecommunications failures.
Any such disruption to our systems, or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely, the failure of these systems to otherwise
perform as anticipated, or the theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation, or release of sensitive and/or confidential information or
intellectual property, could result in business disruption, negative publicity, loss of customers, potential liability, including litigation
or other legal actions against us or the imposition of penalties, fines, fees or liabilities, which may not be covered by our insurance
policies, and competitive disadvantage, any or all of which would potentially adversely affect our customer service, decrease the volume
of our business and result in increased costs and lower profits. Moreover, a cybersecurity breach could require us to devote significant
management resources to address the problems associated with the breach and to expend significant additional resources to upgrade further
the security measures we employ to protect information against cyber-attacks and other wrongful attempts to access such information, which
could result in a disruption of our operations. 

 While we have invested,
and continue to invest, in technology security initiatives and other measures to prevent security breaches and cyber incidents, as well
as disaster recovery plans, these initiatives and measures may not be entirely effective to insulate us from technology disruption that
could result in adverse effects on our results of operations and financial condition. 

 To service our debt obligations, we will require
a significant amount of cash. However, our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. 

 Our ability to make payments
on, and to refinance, our debt obligations and to fund capital expenditures, will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future,
which, in turn, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

 Our business may not generate
sufficient cash flow from operations, and we may not have available to us future borrowings in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay
our debt obligations or to fund our other liquidity needs. In these circumstances, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our debt
obligations on or before maturity. We may not be able to refinance any of our debt obligations, on commercially reasonable terms, or at
all. Without this financing, we could be forced to sell assets or secure additional financing to make up for any shortfall in our payment
obligations under unfavorable circumstances. However, we may not be able to secure additional financing on terms favorable to us or at
all and, in addition, the agreements governing our debt obligations limit our ability to sell assets. In addition, we may not be able
to sell assets quickly enough or for sufficient amounts to enable us to meet our obligations. 

9 

Our cash and cash equivalents may be exposed to
banking institution risk. 

We hold our cash balances with
a single financial institution which institution is subject to risks, which may include failure or other circumstances that limit our
access to deposits or other banking services. For example, in March 2023, Silicon Valley Bank SVB was unable to continue
their operations and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC was appointed as receiver for SVB. However, if further
failures in financial institutions occur where we hold deposits, we could experience additional risk. Any such loss or limitation on our
cash and cash equivalents would adversely affect our business. 

In addition, in such circumstances
we might not be able to receive timely payment from customers. We and they may maintain cash balances that are not insured or are in excess
of the FDIC s insurance limit. Any delay in ours or our customers ability to access funds could have a material adverse effect
on our operations. If any parties with which we conduct business are unable to access funds pursuant to such instruments or lending arrangements
with such a financial institution, such parties ability to continue to fund their business and perform their obligations to us
could be adversely affected, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

We periodically invest surplus cash in marketable
securities and other investments in order to realize a positive return, although there can be no assurance that a positive return will
be realized, and we could lose some or all of our investments, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation. 

We invest a significant portion
of our excess capital in marketable securities, including equity securities of publicly traded companies. At June 30, 2023, the fair value
of our investments was approximately 8.7 million. Of that amount 6.2 million relates to an investment in Monogram Orthopaedics Inc. Monogram described more fully in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere in this report. The
investment in Monogram is also the subject of the restatement of our previous financial statements described in Note 2 to the consolidated
financial statements contained elsewhere in this report. Our initial investment in Monogram was an 800,000 loan which we made primarily
in exchange for exclusive development and supply rights. At that time, we believed that this long-term strategic investment would likely
take several years to cultivate, which it has. While we intend to hold our investments, including our investment in Monogram, until such
time as we believe it is appropriate to sell them in accordance with our overall investment policy, we may have unexpected cash requirements
that could necessitate the sale of some or all of these investments for a loss. Additionally, these investments are subject to changes
in their valuation, which could cause us to record a significant unrealized loss in the future. 

 We may not be able to successfully integrate our business acquisitions,
which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

 We have acquired, and may
acquire in the future, businesses, products, and technologies that complement or expand our current operations. Acquisitions could require
significant capital investments and require us to integrate with companies that have different cultures, management teams, and business
infrastructure. Depending on the size and complexity of an acquisition, our successful integration of the acquisition could depend on
several factors, including: 

Difficulties in assimilating and integrating the operations, products, and workforce of an acquired business; 

The retention of key employees; 

Management of facilities and employees in separate geographic areas; 

The integration or coordination of different research and development and product manufacturing facilities; 

Successfully converting information and accounting systems; and 

Diversion of resources and management attention from our other operations. 
 
 If market conditions or
other factors require us to change our strategic direction, we may fail to realize the expected value from one or more of our acquisitions.
Our failure to successfully integrate any future acquisitions or realize the expected value from past or future acquisitions could harm
our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

10 

We have experienced losses in the past, and
we cannot be certain that we will sustain our current profitability; we may need additional capital in the future to fund our businesses,
which we may not be able to obtain on acceptable terms. 

We have experienced operating
losses in the past. Our ability to achieve or sustain profitability is based on a number of factors, many of which are out of our control,
including the material costs for our products and the demand for our products. 

We currently anticipate that our
available capital resources, including our existing cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable balances, will be sufficient to
meet our expected working capital and capital expenditure requirements as our business is currently conducted for at least the next 12 months.
We may also attempt to raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financings, if such financings become available
on acceptable terms. We cannot be certain that any additional financing we may need will be available on terms acceptable to us, or at
all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of opportunities,
develop new products, or otherwise respond to competitive pressures, and our operating results and financial condition could be adversely
affected. 

Our operations are dependent upon our key personnel.
If such personnel were to leave unexpectedly, we may not be able to execute our business plan. 

 Our future performance depends
in significant part upon the continued service of our key technical and senior management personnel. Because we have a relatively small
number of employees when compared to other companies in the same industry, our dependence on maintaining our relationship with key employees
is particularly significant. We are also dependent on our ability to attract and retain high quality personnel, particularly in the areas
of product development, operations management, marketing and finance. 

 A high level of employee
mobility and the aggressive recruiting of skilled personnel characterize the medical device industry. There can be no assurance that our
current employees will continue to work for us. Loss of services of key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations, and financial condition. Furthermore, we may need to provide enhanced forms of incentive compensation to attract
and retain such key personnel, which could potentially dilute the holdings of other shareholders. 

 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common
Stock 

 Two of our directors hold voting power with
respect to a substantial portion of our outstanding common stock that enables them to have significant influence over the outcome of all
matters submitted to our shareholders for approval, which influence may conflict with our interests and the interests of other shareholders. 

 As of August 12, 2023, two
of our directors, Nicholas J. Swenson and Raymond E. Cabillot, directly or indirectly, controlled voting power over approximately 39 
(29 and 10 , respectively) of the outstanding shares of our common stock. As a result of such voting control, these directors will have
significant influence over all matters submitted to our shareholders for approval, including the election of our directors and other corporate
actions, and may have interests that conflict with our interests and the interests of other shareholders. 

 Our quarterly results can fluctuate significantly
from quarter to quarter, which may negatively impact the price of our shares and/or cause significant variances in the prices at which
our shares trade. 

 Our sales have fluctuated
in the past, and may fluctuate in the future from quarter to quarter and period to period, as a result of a number of factors, including,
without limitation: the size and timing of orders from customers; the length of new product development cycles; market acceptance of new
technologies; changes in pricing policies or price reductions by us or our competitors; the timing of new product announcements and product
introductions by us or our competitors; the financial stability of major customers; our success in expanding our sales and marketing programs;
acceleration, deferral, or cancellation of customer orders and deliveries; changes in our strategy; revenue recognition policies in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP personnel changes; and general market and
economic factors. 

 Because a significant percentage
of our expenses are fixed, a variation in the timing of sales can cause significant fluctuations in operating results from quarter to
quarter. As a result, we believe that interim period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations are not necessarily meaningful
and should not be relied upon as indications of future performance. Further, our historical operating results are not necessarily indicative
of future performance for any particular period. 

11 

In addition, it is possible
that our operating results in future quarters may be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors. In such an event,
the price of our common stock could be materially adversely affected. 

Regulatory Compliance Risks 

 Our operations are subject to a number of
complex government regulations, the violation of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

 The manufacture and distribution
of medical devices are subject to state and federal requirements set forth by various government agencies including the FDA and EPA. The
statutes, regulations, administrative orders, and advisories that affect our businesses are complex and subject to diverse, often conflicting,
interpretations. While we make every effort to maintain full compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, we are unable to eliminate
the ongoing risk that one or more of our activities may at some point be determined to be non-compliant. The penalties for non-compliance
could range from an administrative warning to termination of a portion of our business. Furthermore, even if we are subsequently determined
to have fully complied with applicable laws or regulations, the costs to achieve such a determination and the intervening loss of business
could adversely affect or result in the cessation of a portion of our business. A change in such laws or regulations at any time may have
an adverse effect on our operations. 

 The FDA designates all medical
devices into one of three classes (Class I, II, or III) based on the level of control necessary to assure the safety and effectiveness
of the device (with Class I requiring the lowest level of control and Class III requiring the greatest level of control). The surgical
instrumentation we manufacture is generally classified into Class I. The FDA has broad enforcement powers to recall and prohibit the sale
of products that do not comply with federal regulations and to order the cessation of non-compliant processes. No claim has been made
to date by the FDA regarding any of our products or processes. Nevertheless, as is common in the industry, certain of our products and
processes are from time to time subject to routine governmental reviews and investigations. We are also subject to EPA regulations concerning
the disposal of industrial waste. 

 While management believes
that our products and processes fully comply with applicable laws and regulations, we are unable to predict the outcome of any such future
review or investigation. 

 We face risks and uncertainties associated
with potential litigation by or against us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results
of operations. 

 We continually face the
possibility of litigation as either a plaintiff or a defendant. It is not reasonably possible to estimate the awards or damages, or the
range of awards or damages, if any, that we might incur in connection with such litigation. 

 Many of our products are
complex and technologically advanced. Such products may, from time to time, be the subject of claims concerning product performance
and construction, including warranty and patent infringement claims. While we are committed to investigating such concerns and correcting
them, there is no assurance that solutions will be found on a timely basis, if at all, to satisfy customer demands or to avoid potential
claims or litigation. Also, due to the location of our facilities, as well as the nature of our business activities, there is a risk that
we could be subject to litigation related to environmental remediation claims. We maintain insurance to protect against claims associated
with the manufacture and use of our products as well as environmental pollution, but there can be no assurance that our insurance coverage
will adequately cover any claim asserted against us. 

 The uncertainty associated
with potential litigation may have an adverse impact on our business. In particular, litigation could impair our relationships with existing
customers and our ability to obtain new customers. Defending or prosecuting litigation could result in significant legal costs and a diversion
of management s time and attention away from business operations, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. There can be no assurance that litigation would not result in liability in excess of our
insurance coverage, that our insurance will cover such claims, or that appropriate insurance will continue to be available to us in the
future at commercially reasonable rates. 

12 

The agreements governing our various debt obligations
impose restrictions on our business and could adversely affect our ability to undertake certain corporate actions. 

 The agreements governing
our debt obligations include covenants imposing significant restrictions on our business. These restrictions may affect our ability to
operate our business and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities as they arise. These covenants place
restrictions on our ability to, among other things: 

incur additional debt; 

 declare
or pay dividends to shareholders; 

create liens or use assets as security in other transactions; 

be acquired by a third party; 

pursue strategic acquisitions; 

 engage
in transactions with affiliates; and 

sell or transfer assets. 

 The agreements governing
our debt obligations also require us to comply with a number of financial ratios, borrowing base requirements and additional covenants. 

 Our ability to comply with
these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, including prevailing economic, financial, and industry conditions. These
covenants could adversely affect our business by limiting our ability to take advantage of financing, merger and acquisition, or other
corporate opportunities. The breach of any of these covenants or restrictions could result in a default under our debt obligations. If
we were unable to repay our debt or are otherwise in default under any provision governing our secured debt obligations, our lender could
proceed against us and against the collateral securing that debt. 

 We are subject to changes in and interpretations of financial accounting
matters that govern the measurement of our performance, compliance with which could be costly and time-consuming. 

 We are subject to changes
in and interpretations of financial accounting standards that govern the measurement of our performance. Based on our reading and interpretations
of relevant pronouncements, guidance, or concepts issued by, among other authorities, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC,
and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, management believes our performance, including current sales contract terms
and business arrangements, has been properly reported. However, there continue to be issued pronouncements, interpretations, and guidance
for applying the relevant standards to a wide range of contract terms and business arrangements that are prevalent in the industries in
which we operate. Future interpretations or changes by the regulators of existing accounting standards or changes in our business practices
may result in future changes in our accounting policies and practices that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, cash flows, revenue, and results of operations. 

 Our evaluation of internal controls and remediation
of potential problems is costly and time-consuming and could expose weaknesses in financial reporting. 

 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, as amended, requires management s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.
This process is expensive and time consuming and requires significant attention of management. Management can give no assurance that material
weaknesses in internal controls will not be discovered. The material weakness discovered in conjunction with the preparation of our consolidated
financial statements for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, as described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements contained
elsewhere in this report, for example, has been time consuming and costly. The disclosure of a material weakness, even if quickly remedied,
could reduce the market s confidence in our financial statements and harm our stock price, especially if a restatement of financial
statements for past periods is required. 

 Risks Related to COVID-19 

 The COVID-19 pandemic, or the perception
of its effects, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

To date, COVID-19 has not had
a material adverse impact on our business or results of operations, but due to the uncertainties surrounding this pandemic, it may adversely
impact us in the future. We have and may continue to experience disruptions in our supply chain and critical suppliers may delay or be
unable to deliver products we have ordered. Additionally, our customers could reduce planned orders, request cancelations of existing
orders, and/or delay payment to us due to financial hardship they may experience as a result of this healthcare and resulting economic
crisis. Therefore, it is impossible to predict the future impact of the pandemic on our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. 

13 

The ability of our employees to work may
be significantly impacted by the COVID-19 crisis. 

 Substantially all of our
employees worked in the office during fiscal 2023. The health of our workforce is of primary concern and we may need to enact further
precautionary measures to help minimize the risk of our employees being exposed to the coronavirus. Further, our management team is focused
on mitigating the adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, which has required and may continue to require a large investment of time
and resources across the entire Company, thereby diverting their attention from other priorities that existed prior to the outbreak of
the pandemic. To date, several of our employees have had COVID-19, but all have made full recoveries and returned to work. If more of
our employees test positive for COVID-19, or these conditions worsen, or last for an extended period of time, our ability to manage our
business may be impaired, and operational risks, cybersecurity risks, and other risks facing us even prior to the pandemic may be elevated. 

 General Risks 

 The global economic environment may impact
our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

 Changes in the global economic
environment have caused, and may cause in the future, a general tightening in the credit markets, lower levels of liquidity, increases
in rates of default and bankruptcy, high rates of inflation, higher interest rates, and extreme volatility in credit, equity and fixed
income markets. These macroeconomic developments could negatively affect our business, operating results or financial condition should
they cause, for example, current or potential customers to become unable to fund purchases of our products, in turn resulting in
delays, decreases or cancellations of purchases of our products and services, or causing the customer to not pay us or to delay paying
us for previously purchased products and services. In addition, financial institution failures may cause us to incur increased expenses
or make it more difficult either to obtain financing for our operations, investing activities (including the financing of any future acquisitions),
or financing activities. Additional economic risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial
also may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

 Our executive offices and
manufacturing facility are located at 2361 McGaw Avenue, Irvine, California 92614. We lease the 28,000 square foot facility from an unrelated
third party at a current base monthly lease rate of approximately 42,000 with 3 annual escalations through the expiration of the lease
in September 2027. The building is a one-story, stand-alone structure of concrete tilt-up construction, approximately 45
years old and in good condition. 

 Our Franklin Property, located
at 14401 Franklin Avenue, Tustin, California 92780, is used primarily for our assembly and repairs operations. We purchased this 25,000
square foot facility in November 2020 from an unrelated third party through a loan (See Note 5 of to the consolidated financial statements
contained elsewhere in this report). The building is a one-story, stand-alone structure of concrete tilt-up construction,
approximately 45 years old and in good condition. 

 We believe that our facilities
are adequate for our current and expected future needs and are in full compliance with applicable state, EPA and other agency environmental
standards. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

 See
Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere in this report. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

 Not applicable. 

14 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

 Market Information 

 Our common stock is quoted
under the symbol PDEX on the Nasdaq Capital Market NASDAQ ). The following table sets forth for the quarters
indicated the high and low sales prices of our common stock as reported by NASDAQ. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without
retail markup, markdown, or commissions, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. On September 29, 2023, the last sale price
of our common stock as reported by NASDAQ was 15.70 per share. 

High 
 Low 
 
 Year ended June 30, 2023: 

First
 Quarter 
 20.25 
 14.94 
 
 Second Quarter 
 19.93 
 15.80 
 
 Third Quarter 
 17.71 
 15.29 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 19.24 
 15.50 
 
 Year ended June 30, 2022: 

First Quarter 
 31.51 
 23.78 
 
 Second Quarter 
 25.90 
 20.44 
 
 Third Quarter 
 25.81 
 15.00 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 16.51 
 13.16 

Holders 

 As of September 29, 2023,
there were 120 holders of record of our common stock. This number does not include beneficial owners including holders whose shares are
held in nominee, or street, name. 

 Dividends 

 We have never paid a cash
dividend with respect to our common stock. The current policy of our Board of Directors is to retain any future earnings to provide funds
for the operation and expansion of our business or for repurchases of our common stock pursuant to our repurchase plans. Any determinations
to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors. 

 Repurchases 

 During
the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 and 2022, we repurchased 0 and 22,532 shares of our common stock, respectively, at an aggregate cost
of 0 and 350,000, respectively, through Board approved prearranged share repurchase plans intended to qualify for the safe harbor under
Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

15 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion
of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the
notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report, as well as the Risk Factors included in Item 1A of this report. The following discussion
contains forward-looking statements. (See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements included in Part I of this
report.) 

 Overview 

 The following discussion and analysis
provides information that management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our results of operations and financial
condition for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

We specialize in the design, development,
and manufacture of autoclavable, battery-powered and electric, multi-function surgical drivers and shavers used primarily in the orthopedic,
thoracic, and CMF markets. Additionally, we provide engineering, quality, and regulatory consulting
services to our customers. We also sell rotary air motors. Our products are found in hospitals, medical engineering labs, scientific
research facilities, and high-tech manufacturing operations around the world. We are headquartered in Irvine, California. 

 COVID-19 Pandemic 

 We have adjusted certain policies
and procedures based on applicable national, state, and local emergency orders and safety guidance that may be issued from time to time,
in order to effectively manage our business during the pandemic and to keep our employees safe. These measures have changed over time
and continue to change as our specific circumstances change. 

While we have yet to see any decline
in our customer orders, we have received and accepted some customer requests to delay the shipment of their existing orders. We are focused
on the health and safety of all those we serve our customers, our communities, our employees, and our suppliers. We are supporting
our customers according to their priorities and working with them to the degree that we can offer relief in the form of delayed shipments.
We are focused on continuity of supply by working with our suppliers, some of whom have delivered our orders late and are quoting longer
lead times. 

During fiscal 2022, we began to
see some challenges in our supply chain in the form of delayed shipments, longer lead times, higher prices, and surcharges, much of which
our suppliers indicate have been caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. We have largely been able to mitigate our biggest supply chain concerns
by sourcing replacement chips through alternative suppliers, albeit at much higher prices, for many of our printed circuit board assemblies.
In so doing, our cost of sales increased during the second half of fiscal 2022 and in fiscal 2023. We continue to implement plans and
processes to mitigate these challenges that many manufacturers similarly face. Our long-term prospects remain positive, and we believe
these challenges will negatively impact us only in the short-term. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

 Our financial statements
are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of our financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical
experience and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis
for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results
may differ from these estimates. 

16 

Revenue Recognition 

Under Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-09, (Topic 606) Revenue From Contracts with Customers , we recognize revenue from the sales
of products and services by applying the following steps: (1) identify the contract with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations
in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract;
and (5) recognize revenue when each performance obligation is satisfied. We primarily sell finished products and recognize revenue at
point of sale or delivery. However, we also perform services when we are engaged to design a product for a customer and there is more
judgment involved in determining the amount and timing of revenue recognition under those types of contracts. In fiscal 2023, the revenue
from non-recurring engineering NRE and prototype services represents approximately 6 of total revenue. 

 Returns of our product for
credit are not material; accordingly, we do not establish a reserve for product returns at the time of sale. 

 Estimated Losses on Product Development Services 

 Cost and revenue estimates
related to the product development service portions of development and supply contracts are reviewed and updated quarterly. An expected
loss on development service contracts is recognized immediately in cost of sales. Losses recorded in fiscal 2023 and 2022 related to these
services totaled 108,000 and 0, respectively. 

Owing
to the complexity of many of the contracts we have undertaken, the cost estimation process requires significant judgment. It is based
upon the knowledge and experience of our project managers, engineers, and finance professionals. Factors that are considered in estimating
the cost of work to be completed and ultimate profitability of the fixed price product development portion of development and supply contracts
include the nature and complexity of the work to be performed, availability and productivity of labor, the effect of change orders, the
availability of materials, performance of subcontractors, and expected costs for specific regulatory approvals. 

 Warranties 

 Most of our products are
sold with a warranty that provides for repairs or replacement of any defective parts for a period, generally one to two years, after the
sale. At the time of the sale, we accrue an estimate of the cost of providing the warranty based on prior experience with such factors
as return rates and repair costs, which factors are reviewed quarterly. 

 Warranty expenses, including
changes of estimates, are included in cost of sales in our statements of operations. 

 Inventories 

 Inventories are stated
at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or net realizable value. Reductions to estimated net realizable value are recorded,
and charged to cost of sales, when indicated based on a formula that compares on-hand quantities to both historical usage and estimated
demand over the ensuing 12 months from the measurement date. 

 Accounts Receivable 

 Trade receivables are stated
at their original invoice amounts, less an allowance for doubtful portions of such accounts. Management determines the allowance for doubtful
accounts based on facts and circumstances related to specific accounts, and on historical experience related to the age of accounts. Trade
receivables are written off when deemed uncollectible. Recoveries of trade receivables previously reserved are offset against the allowance
when received. 

 Deferred Costs 

 Deferred costs reflect
costs incurred related to non-recurring engineering services under the terms of the related development and supply contracts. These costs
get recorded to cost of sales in the period that the revenue is recognized. 

 Investments 

 Investments consist
of marketable equity securities of publicly held companies and a warrant (the Monogram Warrant to purchase common stock
of a publicly held company. The investments were made to realize a reasonable return, although there is no assurance that positive returns
will be realized. Investments are marked to market at each measurement date, with unrealized gains and losses presented in other income
(expense) in our consolidated income statements. Some of our investments include the common stock of public companies that are thinly
traded. Certain of these investments are classified as long-term in nature, as we may not be able to liquidate the investments in a timely
manner even if we wish to sell them. Thinly traded investments were subject to a valuation analysis as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. The
Monogram Warrant is the subject of the restatement of our previous financial statements described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial
statements contained elsewhere in this report. As previously disclosed, from the time we were issued the Monogram warrant through the
fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we considered the Monogram warrant to be of little value and did not record it as an investment in our
consolidated balance sheet. 

Long-lived Assets 

 We review the recoverability
of long-lived assets, consisting of building, equipment, and improvements, when events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate
carrying values may not be recoverable. 

 Building, equipment, and
improvements are recorded at historical cost and depreciation is provided using the straight-line method over the following periods: 

Building 
 Thirty years 
 
 Equipment 
 Three to ten years 
 
 Improvements 
 Shorter of the remaining life of the underlying building, lease term, or the asset s estimated useful life 

Intangibles 

 Other
intangibles consist of legal fees incurred in connection
with patent applications. The legal fees will be amortized over the estimated life of the product(s) that will be utilizing the technology
or expensed immediately in the event the patent office denies the issuance of the patent. The expense associated with the amortization
of the patent costs is recognized in research and development costs. 

 Income Taxes 

 We recognize deferred tax
assets and liabilities for temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of our assets and liabilities,
along with net operating loss and tax credit carryovers. Deferred tax assets and liabilities at June 30, 2023 and 2022 consisted primarily
of basis differences related to unrealized gain/loss related to investments, stock-based compensation, fixed assets, accrued expenses
and inventories. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. 

 Significant management judgment
is required in determining our provision for income taxes and the recoverability of our deferred tax assets. Such determination is based
on our historical taxable income, with consideration given to our estimates of future taxable income and the periods over which deferred
tax assets will be recoverable. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, we consider all available positive and negative
evidence, including reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and results of recent operations. The assumptions
about future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying
business. In evaluating the objective evidence that historical results provide, we consider three years of cumulative operating income
(loss). 

17 

Results of Operations for the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2023
Compared to the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2022 

 The following tables set
forth results from operations for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

Years
 Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022
 (Restated) 

Dollars
 in thousands 

of Net Sales 

of Net Sales 
 
 Net sales 
 46,087 
 100 
 42,041 
 100 
 
 Cost of sales 
 33,338 
 72 
 28,909 
 69 
 
 Gross profit 
 12,749 
 28 
 13,132 
 31 
 
 Selling expenses 
 155 
 
 91 

General and administrative expenses 
 4,028 
 9 
 4,903 
 12 
 
 Loss from disposal of equipment 

35 

Research and development costs 
 2,804 
 6 
 2,980 
 7 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 6,987 
 15 
 8,009 
 19 
 
 Operating income 
 5,762 
 13 
 5,123 
 12 
 
 Other income (loss), net 
 3,666 
 7 
 571 
 1 
 
 Income before income taxes 
 9,428 
 20 
 5,694 
 13 
 
 Income tax expense 
 2,354 
 5 
 1,122 
 2 
 
 Net income 
 7,074 
 15 
 4,572 
 11 

Net Sales 

 The
majority of our revenue is derived from designing, developing, and manufacturing powered
surgical instruments for medical device original equipment manufacturers. We also manufacture and
sell rotary air motors to a wide range of industries. The proportion of total sales by product/service
type is as follows: 

Years
 Ended June 30, 
 Increase (Decrease)
 From 2022 To 2023 

2023 
 2022 

Dollars
 in thousands 

of Net Sales 

of Net Sales 

Net sales: 

Medical devices 
 30,740 
 66 
 34,004 
 81 
 (10 
 
 Industrial and scientific 
 865 
 2 
 919 
 2 
 (6 
 
 NRE Prototype services 
 2,695 
 6 
 1,014 
 2 
 166 
 
 Dental and component 
 257 
 1 
 465 
 1 
 (45 
 
 Repairs 
 12,617 
 27 
 6,610 
 16 
 91 
 
 Discounts Other 
 (1,087 
 (2 
 (971 
 (2 
 12 

46,087 
 100 
 42,041 
 100 
 10 

18 

Net
sales in fiscal 2023 increased by 4.0 million, or 10 , as compared to fiscal 2022, due primarily to an increase in repair revenue of
 6.0 million and an increase in NRE and prototype services of 1.7 million offset by a decrease in medical device revenue of 3.3 million.
Details of our medical device sales by type is as follows: 

Years
 Ended June 30, 
 Increase (Decrease)
 From 2022 To 2023 

2023 
 2022 

Dollars
 in thousands 

of Total 

of Total 

Medical device sales: 

Orthopedic 
 19,688 
 64 
 21,877 
 64 
 (10 
 
 CMF 
 8,497 
 28 
 10,277 
 30 
 (17 
 
 Thoracic 
 2,555 
 8 
 1,850 
 6 
 38 
 
 Total 
 30,740 
 100 
 34,004 
 100 
 (10 

Sales
of our medical device products decreased 3.3 million, or 10 , during fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022. During fiscal 2023, thoracic
sales increased by 705,000 to 2.6 million, up from 1.9 million in fiscal 2022, due to additional orders from our single distributor
of this driver. In late fiscal 2023, we executed a supply agreement with another distributor for a thoracic driver and we expect an increase
in revenue of thoracic products in fiscal 2024. Recurring revenue from distributors of CMF drivers decreased 1.8 million in fiscal 2023
compared to fiscal 2022. We do not have much visibility into our customers distribution networks, but we surmise the decline relates
to a buildup of customer inventory. Our orthopedic sales decreased 2.2 million in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022, in part, due
to our largest customer shifting priorities to an enhanced repair program (described under the discussion of repair revenue below). 

 Sales
of our industrial and scientific products, which consist primarily of our compact pneumatic air
motors, decreased 54,000, or 6 , for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. The revenue decrease is expected as these are legacy products
with no substantive marketing or sales efforts. 

 Sales
of our NRE prototype services increased 1.7 million or 166 compared to fiscal 2022 and relates to billable engagement for multiple
engineering projects. 

 Sales
of our dental products and components in fiscal 2023 decreased 208,000, or 45 , as compared to fiscal 2022. The decrease is as expected
because in fiscal 2022 we sold components of excess inventory directly to our largest customer due to the release of their next generation
device. We expect future declines in this area as we are no longer manufacturing dental products, but rather are simply selling remaining
component inventory. 

 Our
fiscal 2023 repair revenue increased approximately 6.0 million, or 91 , to 12.6 million, as compared to fiscal 2022, due to increased
repairs of the orthopedic handpiece we sell to our largest customer. We expected repair revenue to increase based upon the customer s
requested refurbishments to upgrade previously purchased handpieces to the next generation, which we collectively term enhanced
repairs . We are rapidly refurbishing these handpieces and we believe that our largest customer will request enhanced repairs for
a similar volume or number of handpieces in fiscal 2024, but there are no assurances that our customer will return the same volume of
handpieces. 

 At June 30, 2023, we
had a backlog of 41.6 million compared with a backlog of 16.5 million at June 30, 2022. Our backlog represents firm purchase orders
received and acknowledged from our customers and does not include all revenue expected to be generated from existing customer contracts.
Of our backlog at June 30, 2023, 31.4 million, as well as certain purchase orders received subsequent to June 30, 2023, are expected
to be delivered during fiscal 2024 and the balance of 10.2 million is expected to be delivered in fiscal 2025. We have experienced, and
may continue to experience, variability in our new order bookings due to, among other reasons, the launch of new products, the timing
of customer orders based on end-user demand, and customer inventory levels. We do not typically experience seasonal fluctuations in our
shipments and revenues. 

19 

Cost of Sales and Gross Margin 

Years
 Ended June 30, 
 Increase
 (Decrease) From 2022 To 2023 

2023 
 2022 

Dollars
 in thousands 

Cost of sales: 

of Net Sales 

of Net Sales 

Product costs 
 29,600 
 64 
 26,296 
 63 
 13 
 
 NRE and Prototype services costs 
 1,724 
 4 
 774 
 2 
 123 
 
 Under (over)-absorption of manufacturing overhead 
 1,724 
 4 
 877 
 2 
 97 
 
 Inventory and warranty charges 
 290 
 
 962 
 2 
 (70 
 
 Total cost of sales 
 33,338 
 72 
 28,909 
 69 
 15 

Cost of sales in fiscal 2023 increased
 4.4 million, or 15 , from fiscal 2022, primarily due to the increase in product costs, consistent with the 10 increase in net sales,
coupled with higher material and labor costs. During fiscal 2023, we experienced 1.7 million of under-absorption of manufacturing costs
compared to 877,000 in fiscal 2022, due primarily to actual production hours being less than planned .
Costs related to inventory and warranty charges decreased 672,000 in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022, primarily due to sourcing of
components for our printed circuit board assemblies at prices higher than usual in fiscal 2022 coupled with reduced warranty repairs related
to the handpiece we sell to our largest customer in fiscal 2023 . 

Operating Expenses 

Years
 Ended June 30, 
 Increase (Decrease)
 From 2022 To 2023 

2023 
 2022 

(Dollars
 in thousands) 

of Net Sales 
 
 of Net Sales 

Operating expenses: 

Selling expenses 
 155 
 
 91 
 
 70 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 4,028 
 9 
 4,903 
 12 
 (18 
 
 Research and development costs 
 2,804 
 6 
 2,980 
 7 
 (6 

6,987 
 15 
 7,974 
 19 
 (12 

Selling expenses consist
of salaries and other personnel-related expenses related to our business development department, as well as trade show attendance, advertising
and marketing expenses, and travel and related costs incurred in generating and maintaining customer relationships. Selling expenses increased
 64,000, or 70 , compared to fiscal 2022, primarily due to increased sales commissions. 

 General and administrative
expenses G A consist of salaries and other personnel-related expenses for corporate, accounting, finance, and human
resource personnel, as well as costs for outsourced information technology services, professional fees, directors fees, and costs
associated with being a public company. The 875,000 decrease in G A expenses from fiscal 2022 to 2023 is due primarily to reduced
legal and settlement expenses related to employment matters and reduced non-cash compensation expense related to stock compensation. 

 Research and development
costs generally consist of salaries, employer-paid benefits, and other personnel- related costs of our engineering and support personnel,
as well as allocated facility and information technology costs, professional and consulting fees, patent-related fees, lab costs, materials,
and travel and related costs incurred in the development and support of our products. Research and development costs decreased 176,000
from fiscal 2022 to 2023 due to increased personnel and related costs of 333,000 as well as increased legal fees related to IP matters
of 89,000 offset by decreased spending on internal product development projects of 604,000. In fiscal 2023, our engineering department
has continued to be engaged in billable customer projects and therefore those costs are shifted to cost of sales instead of research and
development. 

20 

Although the majority of our research
and development costs relate to sustaining activities related to products we currently manufacture and sell, we have created a product
roadmap to develop future products. Many of our product development efforts are undertaken only upon completion of an analysis of the
size of the market, our ability to differentiate our product from our competitors , as well as an analysis of our specific sales
prospects with new and/or existing customers. Research and development costs represent between 37 and 40 of total operating expenses
during fiscal 2022 and 2023 and are expected to increase in the future as we continue to invest in product development. The amount spent
on projects under development is summarized below (in thousands): 

Years Ended
 June 30, 
 Expected Market
 Launch (1) 
 Estimated
 Annual Revenue (2) 

2023 
 2022 

Dollars
 in thousands 

Total Research and Development costs: 
 2,804 
 2,980 

Products in development: 

ENT
 Shaver 
 51 
 282 
 Q4 2023 
 1,000 
 
 Vital
 Ventilator 
 
 115 
 (3 
 1,500 
 
 Sustaining
 Other 
 2,753 
 2,583 

Total 
 2,804 
 2,980 

(1) Represents the calendar quarter of expected market launch. 

(2) The products in development include risks that they could be abandoned in the future prior to completion,
they could fail to become commercialized, or the actual annual revenue realized may be less than the amount estimated. 

(3) We have suspended the vital ventilator project at this time. 

As we introduce new products into
the market, we expect to see an increase in sustaining and other engineering expenses. Typical examples of sustaining engineering activities
include, but are not limited to, end-of- life component replacement, especially in electronic components found in our printed circuit
board assemblies, analysis of customer complaint data to improve process and design, replacement and enhancement of tooling and fixtures
used in the machine shop, assembly operations, and inspection areas to improve efficiency and through-put. Additionally, these costs include
development projects that may be in their infancy and may or may not result in a full-fledged product development effort. 

Other Income (Expense) 

Interest and Dividend Income 

Our interest and dividend income
earned in fiscal 2023 and 2022 includes income earned from our interest-bearing money market accounts and portfolio of equity investments. 

Unrealized gain (loss) on investments 

 The unrealized gain (loss) on
investments relates to our investment portfolio, which is the subject of our restatement described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial
statements contained elsewhere in this report. Additional information related to the nature of our investments is more fully described
in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere in this report. 

21 

Gain on Sale of Investments 

 During fiscal 2023, we liquidated
some of the investments in our portfolio of equity investments receiving proceeds of 89,000 and recording a gain of 6,000. During fiscal
2022, we liquidated some of the investments in our portfolio of equity investments receiving proceeds of 770,000 and recording a gain
of 28,000. 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense incurred in fiscal
2023 and 2022 consists primarily of interest expense related to our debt with Minnesota Bank Trust MBT described
more fully in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere in this report. 

Income Taxes 

 The effective tax rate
for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 was 26 and 20 , as restated, respectively, slightly less than our combined expected
federal and applicable state corporate income tax rates due primarily to federal and state research credits. 

 Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

 The following table is a summary
of our Statements of Cash Flows and Cash and Working Capital as of and for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

As of
 and for the Years Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 

(In thousands) 
 
 Cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 
 5,462 
 (847 
 
 Investing activities 
 (885 
 (1,235 
 
 Financing activities 
 (2,490 
 (790 

Cash, cash equivalents and working capital: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 2,936 
 849 
 
 Working capital 
 21,303 
 19,812 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

 Cash provided by operating
activities during fiscal 2023 totaled 5.5 million. Our net income was 7.1 million and included 3.9 million of unrealized gains on certain
equity investments, as well as 857,000 of depreciation and amortization and 766,000 of non-cash stock compensation. Additionally, our
accounts receivable decreased by 5.4 million due to the variability in the timing of shipments and our prepaid expenses and deferred
income taxes decreased by 494,000 and 264,000, respectively. Offsetting this net inflow of cash, inventory increased by 3.5 million
and our accounts payable and accrued expenses and deferred revenue decreased by 1.1 million and 1.0 million, respectively. 

 Cash used in operating
activities totaled 847,000 during fiscal 2022. Our net income was 4.6 million and included 931,000 of unrealized gains on certain equity
investments, as well as non-cash stock compensation expense and depreciation and amortization expense in the amount of 1.3 million and
 726,000, respectively. Additionally, our accounts payable and accrued expenses increased by 2.0 million. Offsetting these inflows of
cash, our accounts receivable and inventory balances grew by 4.4 million and 4.2 million, respectively. 

22 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

 Net cash used in investing
activities in fiscal 2023 was 885,000. During the 2023 fiscal year, we made capital expenditures in the amount of 974,000 primarily
for the Franklin Property and we received proceeds of 89,000 from the sales of marketable equity securities. 

 Net cash used in investing
activities in fiscal 2022 was 1.2 million and related primarily to 1.6 million in purchases of equipment and improvements as well as
the purchase of 334,000 of marketable equity securities, offset by 770,000 in proceeds from sales of marketable equity securities. 

 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

 Net cash used in financing
activities for fiscal 2023 totaled 2.5 million and included 809,000 in net principal payments of various notes payable to MBT more fully
described in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere in this report, and 1.5 million related to the repurchase
of 86,422 shares of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program, as well as payment of 223,000 of employee payroll taxes
related to the award of 37,500 shares of common stock to employees under previously granted performance awards. 

 Net cash used in financing
activities for fiscal 2022 totaled 790,000 and related primarily to the 1.6 million repurchase of 75,250 shares of our common stock
pursuant to our share repurchase program, as well as 1.2 million of principal payments primarily related to our various loans from MBT
offset by the 2.0 million in new borrowings from MBT more fully described in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements contained
elsewhere in this report. 

 Liquidity Requirements for the Next 12 Months 

As of June 30, 2023, our
working capital was 21.3 million. We currently believe that our existing cash and cash equivalent balances, together with our account
receivable balances, and anticipated cash flows from operations will provide us sufficient funds to satisfy our cash requirements as our
business is currently conducted for at least the next 12 months. In addition to our cash and cash equivalent balances, we expect
to derive a portion of our liquidity from our cash flows from operations. We may also liquidate some or all of our investment portfolio
or borrow further against our 7.0 million Amended Revolving Loan with MBT (see Note 8 to condensed consolidated financial statements
contained elsewhere in this report), under which we had availability of 4.5 million as of June 30, 2023. 

We are focused on preserving our
cash balances by monitoring expenses, identifying cost savings, and investing only in those development programs and products that we
believe will most likely contribute to our profitability. As we execute our current strategy, however, we may require debt and/or equity
capital to fund our working capital needs and requirements for capital equipment to support our manufacturing and inspection processes.
In particular, we have experienced negative operating cash flow in the past, especially as we procure long-lead time materials to satisfy
our backlog, which can be subject to extensive variability. We believe that if we need additional capital to fund our operations, we can
borrow against our revolving loan with MBT. 

Surplus Capital Investment Policy 

 During
fiscal 2013, our Board approved a Surplus Capital Investment Policy (the Policy that provides,
among other items, for the following: 

(a) Determination by our Board of Directors 
of (i) our surplus capital balance and (ii) the portion of such
surplus capital balance to be invested according to the Policy; 

(b) Selection of an Investment
Committee responsible for implementing the Policy; and 

(c) Objectives and criteria under which investments may be made. 

 The
Investment Committee is comprised of Messrs. Swenson (Chair) , Cabillot,
and Van Kirk. Both Mr. Cabillot and Mr. Swenson are active investors with extensive portfolio management expertise. We leverage
the experience of these committee members to make investment decisions for the investment of our surplus operating capital or borrowed
funds. Additionally, many of our securities holdings include stocks of public companies that either Messrs. Swenson or Cabillot or both
may own from time to time either individually or through the investment funds that they manage, or other companies whose boards they sit
on. The Investment Committee approved each of the investments comprising the 8.8 million of investments consisting of a warrant to purchase
common stock of a publicly held company and marketable public equity securities held at June 30, 2023, which amount includes unrealized
holding gains in the amount of 6.1 million at June 30, 2023. 

23 

In
December 2019, our Board approved a new share repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to one million shares of our common stock,
as the prior repurchase plan, authorized by our Board in 2013, authorizing the repurchase of 750,000 shares of common stock was nearing
completion. In accordance with, and as part of, these share repurchase programs, our Board has approved the adoption of several
prearranged share repurchase plans intended to qualify for the safe harbor Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 10b5-1 Plan or Plan ). 

 During the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2023, we repurchased 86,422 shares at an aggregate cost, inclusive of fees under the Plan, of 1.5 million. During the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2022, we repurchased 75,250 shares at an aggregate cost, inclusive of fees under the Plan, of 1.6 million. On a cumulative
basis, we have repurchased a total of 1,197,168 shares under the share repurchase programs at an aggregate cost, inclusive of fees under
the Plan, of 17.2 million. All repurchases under the 10b5-1 Plans were administered through an independent broker. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

 Not applicable. 

24 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

 PRO-DEX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Moss Adams LLP, Irvine, California, Auditor ID: 
 27 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets, June 30, 2023 and 2022 (Restated) 
 29 
 
 Consolidated Income Statements, Years Ended June 30, 2023, 2022
 (Restated) and 2021 (Restated) 
 30 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity, Years Ended June
 30, 2023, 2022 (Restated) and 2021 (Restated) 
 31 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Years Ended June 30, 2023, 2022
 (Restated) and 2021 (Restated) 
 32 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 34 

25 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors 

 Pro-Dex, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Pro-Dex
Inc. (the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated income statements, shareholders equity,
and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Restatement of Previously Issued Financial Statements 

As described in Note 2, the Company has restated its consolidated
financial statements as of June 30, 2022, and for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, for the correction of errors. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of
the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks.
Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from
the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements, and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate
opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

26 

Warrant Valuation 

As described in Notes 2 and Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company holds a warrant to purchase common stock of a publicly traded company, which has an estimated fair value of 6,160,000 at
June 30, 2023 and resulted in an unrealized gain of 3,856,000 during the year ended June 30, 2023. The warrant was determined to
be a derivative financial instrument that is subject to remeasurement at each balance sheet date with changes in fair value recognized
in earnings. 

We identified the valuation of the warrant
as a critical audit matter. See also the Restatement of Previously Issued Financial Statements section of our report. The
estimated fair value of the warrant was determined using a Black Scholes Option Pricing BSOP model. The principal considerations
for our determination that auditing the estimated fair value of the warrant is a critical audit matter are (i) the judgment required
by management in the determination of the significant assumptions used, including the underlying stock price, strike price of the warrant,
volatility, risk-free rate, discount for lack of marketability and time-to-maturity (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity,
and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to the significant assumptions used in the BSOP model; and
(iii) the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 

 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit
matter included: 

reading the agreements and evaluating management s
process for determining the estimated fair value of the warrant. 

testing management s process included (i)
evaluating the method used by management to determine the estimated fair value of the warrant; (ii) testing the mathematical accuracy
of management s model; (iii) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used in the model and (iv) testing the
completeness and accuracy of the data used. 

professionals with specialized skill and knowledge
were used to assist in evaluating the appropriateness of the BSOP model used by management to determine the estimated fair value of the
warrant, and evaluating whether the significant assumptions used in the BSOP model were reasonable. 

/s/ 

October 13, 2023 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2003. 

27 

PRO-DEX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (In thousands, except share data) 

June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 ASSETS 
 
 (Restated 
 
 Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investments 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts
 of at June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Deferred costs 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Land and building, net 

Equipment and improvements, net 

Right of use asset, net 

Intangibles, net 

Deferred income taxes, net 

Investments 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Income taxes payable 

Deferred revenue 

Notes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities: 

Lease liability, net of current portion 

Deferred income taxes, net 

Notes payable, net of current portion 

Total non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies: 

Shareholders equity: 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Retained earnings 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

28 

PRO-DEX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS 

 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Years
 Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 2021 

(Restated) 
 (Restated) 

Net sales 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Loss on disposal of equipment 

Research and development costs 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income 

Other income (expense): 

Interest and dividend income 

Unrealized gain on investments 

Gain on sale of investments 

Interest expense 

Total other income 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Basic Diluted income per share: 

Basic net income per share 

Diluted net income per share 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

29 

PRO-DEX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY

For The Years Ended June 30, 2023, 2022
(Restated) and 2021 (Restated) 

 (In thousands, except share data) 

Common
 Shares 

Number
 of Shares 
 Amount 
 Retained
 Earnings 
 Total 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2020 

Cumulative effect of restatement (1) 

Net income, restated 

ESPP shares issued 

Shares issued in connection with performance award vesting 

Shares withheld from common stock issued to pay employee payroll taxes 

Exercise of stock options (2) 

Share-based compensation 

Share repurchases 

Balance at June 30, 2021 

Net income, restated 

ESPP shares issued 

Exercise of stock options (3) 

Share-based compensation 

Share repurchases 

Balance at June 30, 2022 

Net income 

ESPP shares issued 

Shares issued in connection with performance award vesting 

Shares withheld from common stock issued to pay employee payroll taxes 

Exercise of stock options 

Share-based compensation 

Share repurchases 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

See notes to consolidated
financial statements . 

30 

PRO-DEX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (In thousands) 

Years
 Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 
 
 (Restated) 
 (Restated) 
 
 Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Unrealized gain on investments 

Gain on sale of investments 

Impairment of long-lived assets 

Non-cash lease expense (recovery) 

Loss on sale or disposal of equipment 

Amortization of loan fees 

Share-based compensation 

Deferred income taxes 

Bad debt expense (recovery) 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Deferred costs 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Income taxes payable 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchases of equipment and improvements 

Purchase of land and building 

Proceeds from sale of investments 

Increase in intangibles 

Purchase of investments 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Principal payments on notes payable 

Borrowing from revolving loan, net of loan origination fees 

Repurchases of common stock 

Payments of employee taxes on net issuance of common stock 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options and ESPP contributions 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

See notes to consolidated financial statements . 

31 

PRO-DEX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - CONTINUED 

 (In thousands) 

Years
 Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Non-cash investing and financing activity: 

Cashless stock option exercise 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Income taxes, net of refunds 

Interest 

See notes to consolidated financial statements . 

32 

PRO-DEX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(a) 

Investments 
 
 (b) 

Total assets 

Retained earnings 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

(a) 

(b) 

Fiscal 2022 Income Statement 

As Previously
 Reported 
 Restatement 
 As Restated 

Unrealized gain (loss) on investments 
 
 (a) 

Total other income (loss) 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 
 (b) 

Net income 

Basic income per share 

Diluted income per share 

(a) 

(b) 

Fiscal 2021 Income Statement 

As Previously
 Reported 
 Restatement 
 As Restated 

Unrealized gain on investments 
 
 (a) 

Total other income 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 
 (b) 

Net income 

Basic income per share 

Diluted income per share 

(a) 

(b) 

Fiscal
 2023 Unaudited Quarterly Periods 

September 30, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 March 31, 
 2023 

Net income, as previously reported 

Adjustments to net income: 

Unrealized gain on investments (a) 

Income tax expense (b) 

Net income, as restated 

Basic Diluted income per share as previously reported: 

Basic net income per share 

Diluted net income per share 

Basic Diluted income per share as restated: 

Basic net income per share 

Diluted net income per share 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

(a) 

(b) 

Fiscal
 2022 Unaudited Quarterly Periods 

September 30, 
 2021 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 March 31, 
 2022 
 June 30, 
 2022 
 
 Net income as previously reported 

Adjustments to net income: 

Unrealized gain on investments (a) 

Income tax expense (b) 

Net income as restated 

Basic Diluted income per share as previously reported 

Basic net income per share 

Diluted net income per share 

Basic Diluted income per share as restated 

Basic net income per share 

Diluted net income per share 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

(a) 

(b) 

Fiscal
 2021 Unaudited Quarterly Periods 

September 30, 
 2020 
 December 31, 
 2020 
 March 31, 
 2021 
 June 30, 
 2021 
 
 Net income as previously reported 

Adjustments to net income: 

Unrealized loss on investments (a) 

Income tax (benefit) expense (b) 

Net income as restated 

Basic Diluted income per share as previously reported 

Basic net income per share 

Diluted net income per share 

Basic Diluted income per share as restated 

Basic net income per share 

Diluted net income per share 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

(a) 

(b) 

September 30, 2020 Unaudited Balance Sheet
(First Quarter Fiscal 2021) 

As Previously
 Reported 
 Restatement 
 As Restated 

Deferred income taxes, net 
 
 (a) 

Investments 
 
 (b) 

Total assets 

Retained earnings 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

(a) 

(b) 

First Quarter Fiscal 2021 Unaudited Income Statement Three
months ended September 30, 2020 

As Previously
 Reported 
 Restatement 
 As Restated 

Unrealized gain (loss) on investments 
 
 (a) 

Total other income (expense) 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 
 (b) 

Net income 

Basic income per share 

Diluted income per share 

(a) 

(b) 

December 31, 2020 Unaudited Balance Sheet
(Second Quarter Fiscal 2021) 

As Previously
 Reported 
 Restatement 
 As Restated 

Deferred income taxes, net 
 
 (a) 

Investments 
 
 (b) 

Total assets 

Retained earnings 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

(a) 

(b) 

Three months ended December 31, 2020
Unaudited Income Statement (Second Quarter Fiscal 2021) 

As Previously
 Reported 
 Restatement 
 As Restated 

Unrealized gain (loss) on investments 
 
 (a) 

Total other income (expense) 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 
 (b) 

Net income 

Basic income per share 

Diluted income per share 

(a) 

(b) 

March 31, 2021 Unaudited Balance Sheet (Third Quarter Fiscal
2021) 

As Previously
 Reported 
 Restatement 
 As Restated 

Deferred income taxes, net 
 
 (a) 

Investments 
 
 (b) 

Total assets 

Retained earnings 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

(a) 

(b) 

Three months ended March 31, 2021 Unaudited
Income Statement (Third Quarter Fiscal 2021) 

As Previously
 Reported 
 Restatement 
 As Restated 

Unrealized gain (loss) on investments 
 
 (a) 

Total other income (expense) 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 
 (b) 

Net income 

Basic income per share 

Diluted income per share 

(a) 

(b) 

September 30, 2021 Unaudited Balance Sheet
(First Quarter Fiscal 2022) 

As Previously
 Reported 
 Restatement 
 As Restated 

Deferred income taxes, net 
 
 (a) 

Investments 
 
 (b) 

Total assets 

Retained earnings 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

(a) 

(b) 

First Quarter Fiscal 2022 Unaudited Income Statement Three
months ended September 30, 2021 

As Previously
 Reported 
 Restatement 
 As Restated 

Unrealized gain(loss) on investments 
 
 (a) 

Total other income (expense) 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 
 (b) 

Net income 

Basic income per share 

Diluted income per share 

(a) 

(b) 

December 31, 2021 Unaudited Balance Sheet
(Second Quarter Fiscal 2022) 

As Previously
 Reported 
 Restatement 
 As Restated 

Deferred income taxes, net 
 
 (a) 

Investments 
 
 (b) 

Total assets 

Retained earnings 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

(a) 

(b) 

Three months ended December 31, 2021
Unaudited Income Statement (Second Quarter Fiscal 2022) 

As Previously
 Reported 
 Restatement 
 As Restated 

Unrealized gain(loss) on investments 
 
 (a) 

Total other income (expense) 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 
 (b) 

Net income 

Basic income per share 

Diluted income per share 

(a) 

(b) 

March 31, 2022 Unaudited Balance Sheet (Third Quarter Fiscal
2022) 

As Previously
 Reported 
 Restatement 
 As Restated 

Deferred income taxes, net 
 
 (a) 

Investments 
 
 (b) 

Total assets 

Retained earnings 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

(a) 

(b) 

Three months ended March 31, 2022 Unaudited
Income Statement (Third Quarter Fiscal 2022) 

As Previously
 Reported 
 Restatement 
 As Restated 

Unrealized gain(loss) on investments 
 
 (a) 

Total other income (expense) 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 
 (b) 

Net income 

Basic income per share 

Diluted income per share 

(a) 

(b) 

September 30, 2022 Unaudited Balance Sheet
(First Quarter Fiscal 2023) 

As Previously
 Reported 
 Restatement 
 As Restated 

Deferred income taxes, net 
 
 (a) 

Investments 
 
 (b) 

Total assets 

Retained earnings 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

(a) 

(b) 

First Quarter Fiscal 2023 Unaudited Income
Statement Three months ended September 30, 2022 

As Previously
 Reported 
 Restatement 
 As Restated 

Unrealized gain(loss) on investments 
 
 (a) 

Total other income (expense) 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 
 (b) 

Net income 

Basic income per share 

Diluted income per share 

(a) 

(b) 

December 31, 2022 Unaudited Balance Sheet
(Second Quarter Fiscal 2023) 

As Previously
 Reported 
 Restatement 
 As Restated 

Deferred income taxes, net 
 
 (a) 

Investments 
 
 (b) 

Total assets 

Deferred income taxes 

Total liabilities 

Retained earnings 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

(a) 

(b) 

Three months ended December 31, 2022
Unaudited Income Statement (Second Quarter Fiscal 2023) 

As Previously
 Reported 
 Restatement 
 As Restated 

Unrealized gain(loss) on investments 
 
 (a) 

Total other income (expense) 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 
 (b) 

Net income 

Basic income per share 

Diluted income per share 

(a) 

(b) 

March 31, 2023 Unaudited Balance Sheet (Third
Quarter Fiscal 2023) 

As Previously
 Reported 
 Restatement 
 As Restated 

Deferred income taxes, net 
 
 (a) 

Investments 
 
 (b) 

Total assets 

Deferred income taxes 

Total liabilities 

Retained earnings 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

(a) 

(b) 

Three months ended March 31, 2023 Unaudited
Income Statement (Third Quarter Fiscal 2023) 

As Previously
 Reported 
 Restatement 
 As Restated 

Unrealized gain(loss) on investments 
 
 (a) 

Total other income (expense) 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 
 (b) 

Net income 

Basic income per share 

Diluted income per share 

(a) 

(b) 

and , respectively. 

 Owing
to the complexity of many of the contracts we have undertaken, the cost estimation process requires significant judgment. It is based
upon the knowledge and experience of our project managers, engineers, and finance professionals. Factors that are considered in estimating
the cost of work to be completed and ultimate profitability of the fixed price product development portion of development and supply contracts
include the nature and complexity of the work to be performed, availability and productivity of labor, the effect of change orders, the
availability of materials, performance of subcontractors, and expected costs for specific regulatory approvals. 

and , respectively, of inventory in-transit from suppliers. 

Equipment 

Improvements 

and for the fiscal years ended
June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Point-in-time revenue recognition 

Total net sales 

The timing of revenue recognition,
billings, and cash collections results in billed accounts receivables, unbilled receivables (presented as deferred costs on our consolidated
balance sheets) and customer advances and deposits (presented as deferred revenue on our consolidated balance sheets), where applicable.
Amounts are generally billed as work progresses in accordance with agreed upon milestones. The over-time revenue recognition model consists
of non-recurring engineering NRE and prototype services and typically relates to NRE services related to the evaluation,
design or customization of a medical device and is typically recognized over time utilizing an input measure of progress based on costs
incurred compared to the estimated total costs upon completion. During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, we recorded .0
million and , respectively, of revenue that had been included in deferred revenue in the prior year. The revenue recognized from
the contract liabilities consisted of satisfying our performance obligations during the normal course of business. 

 The following tables summarize
our contract assets and liability balances (in thousands): 

Expenses incurred during the year 

Amounts reclassified to cost of sales 

Amounts allocated to discounts for standalone selling price 

Contract assets at end of year 

June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Contract liabilities at beginning of year 

Payments received from customers 

Amounts reclassified to revenue 

Contract liabilities at end of year 

Long-term: 

Warrant 

Marketable equity securities long-term 

Total Investments 

Marketable
equity securities at June 30, 2023 and 2022 had an aggregate cost basis of and
 , respectively. Both current and long-term marketable equity securities include equity securities of public companies
that are thinly traded. We classified certain investments as long term in nature because even if we decide to sell the stocks we may not
be able to sell our position within one year. At June 30, 2023, the investments included net unrealized losses of (gross unrealized
losses of offset by gross unrealized gains of ). At June 30, 2022, the investments included net unrealized losses of 
(gross unrealized losses of offset by gross unrealized gains of ). 

 Of the total
marketable equity securities at June 30, 2023 and 2022, and , respectively, represent an investment in the common stock
of Air T, Inc. Two of our Board members, Messrs. Swenson and Cabillot, are also board members of Air T,
Inc. and both either individually or through affiliates own an equity interest in Air T, Inc. Mr. Swenson, our Chairman, also serves as
the chief executive officer and chairman of Air T, Inc. Another of our Board members is employed by Air T as its Chief of Staff. The shares
have been purchased through 10b5-1 Plans that, in accordance with our internal policies regarding the approval of related-party transactions,
were approved by our then three Board members that are not affiliated with Air T, Inc. 

 The
warrant represents our right to purchase up to 5 of the outstanding stock of Monogram Orthopaedics Inc. Monogram which we were granted on December 18, 2018. By way of background, we invested in Monogram, a medical device start-up specializing in
precision, patient specific implants in fiscal 2017, by making an 
loan to Monogram pursuant to a promissory note in the same amount. At that time, our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Van Kirk, was
appointed to Monogram s board of directors, a position he has held through the date of this filing. We impaired our entire 
investment in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 due to indications that Monogram had exhausted its cash and had been unable to
obtain additional financing to enable continued research to commercialize their technology. In fiscal 2019, we modified the
promissory note to allow Monogram more time to re-pay the note and, concurrently, we were issued the warrant, with an exercise price
of ,
which at the time we deemed of de minimis value. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, Monogram repaid the promissory note with
interest, but at that time and through the end of the third quarter of fiscal 2023, we considered the warrant to be of little value
and therefore did not record it as an investment on our consolidated balance sheet. In May of 2023, Monogram raised funds through a
Regulation A+ offering filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and contemporaneously converted all of its outstanding
preferred stock to common shares and publicly listed its common shares on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol MGRM. The valuation of
the warrant for all prior periods is the subject of the restatement of our previous financial statements because the value of 0 we
had ascribed to the Monogram Warrant in previous periods want not based on its estimated fair value (See Note 2). 

At June 30,
2023 and 2022, the warrant was exercisable into a total of and shares of Monogram s outstanding stock. The estimated
fair value of the warrant at June 30, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively, using a Black-Scholes valuation model
with the following assumptions: 

Strike Price (common) 

Time until expiration (years) 

Volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

We invest
surplus cash from time to time through our Investment Committee, which is comprised of one management director, Mr. Van Kirk, and two
non-management directors, Mr. Cabillot and Mr. Swenson, who chairs the committee. Both Mr. Cabillot and Mr. Swenson are active investors
with extensive portfolio management expertise. We leverage the experience of these committee members to make investment decisions for
the investment of our surplus operating capital or borrowed funds. Additionally, many of our securities holdings include stocks of public
companies that either Messrs. Swenson or Cabillot or both may own from time to time either individually or through the investment funds
that they manage, or other companies whose boards they sit on, such as Air T, Inc. 

 Inventory 

 Inventory
is stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or net realizable value and consists of the following (in thousands): 

Work in process 

Sub-assemblies /finished components 

Finished goods 

Total inventory 

Land and Building 

Land and building consist
of the following (in thousands): 

Building 

Total 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

On
November 6, 2020, we acquired the Franklin Property for a total purchase price of million, of which we paid million in cash
and the balance of million we financed through Minnesota Bank Trust MBT (see Note 8). We substantially completed
the build-out of the property in the first quarter of fiscal 2022. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 we substantially completed all
of our validation activities, and we moved our repairs and assembly departments to the new facility. The building is being amortized on
a straight-line basis over a period of 30 years. 

Equipment and Improvements 

Equipment and improvements
consist of the following (in thousands): 

Machinery and equipment 

Automobiles 

Improvements 

Total 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 amounted to and , respectively. During fiscal 2023, fully depreciated
assets in the amount of were retired. During fiscal 2022, of assets were retired either due to physical disposal or major
part replacement with a net book value of recorded as a loss on disposal of equipment in our consolidated income statement. 

 Intangibles 

 Intangibles
consist of the following (in thousands): 

Less accumulated amortization 

Amortization
expense for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 amounted to and , respectively. 

 Patent-related
costs consist of legal fees incurred in connection with both patent applications and patent issuances, and will be amortized over the
estimated life of the product(s) that is or will be utilizing the technology, or expensed immediately in the event the patent office denies
the issuance of the patent. During fiscal 2022, we impaired of previously capitalized legal fees due to uncertainty relating to
future benefit. This impairment expense was included in research and development costs in our consolidated income statement. Future amortization
expense is estimated to be no more than per year and all remaining costs are expected to be fully amortized within three years. 

Accrued
Liabilities 

Accrued liabilities consist
of the following (in thousands): 

Accrued inventory in transit 

Accrued legal and professional fees 

Accrued bonuses 

Current portion of lease liability 

Warranty 

Accrued customer rebate 

Other 

Total accrued expenses 

Accruals during the year 

Change in estimates of prior period accruals 

Warranty amortization/utilization 

Balance at end of year 

Warranty expense relating to new product sales and
changes to estimates was and , respectively, for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

State 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Income tax expense 

The effective income tax rate
from income from continuing operations differs from the United States statutory income tax rates for the reasons set forth in the table
below (in thousands, except percentages). 

Computed expected income tax expense on income before income taxes 

State tax, net of federal benefit 

Tax incentives 

Uncertain tax position 

Stock based compensation 

Other 

Income tax expense 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net effects of loss
and credit carryforwards and temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes
and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of our deferred tax assets and liabilities for federal and state
income taxes are as follows (in thousands): 

Research and other credits 

Reserves 

Accruals 

Stock based compensation 

Unrealized losses 

Section 174 capitalization 

Lease liability 

Inventory 

Deferred state tax 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property and equipment, principally due to differing depreciation methods 

Right of use asset 

Deferred state tax 

Unrealized gains 

Other 

Total gross deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 

Realization of our deferred
tax assets is dependent upon future earnings, if any, the timing and amount of which are uncertain. As of June 30, 2023, our deferred
tax asset valuation allowance primarily consists and the state net operating loss carryforwards
for states in which we have filed a final return. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, we recorded a net decrease to our valuation
allowance of on the basis of management s reassessment of the amount of our deferred tax assets that are more likely than
not to be realized. 

As of June 30, 2023, we
did not have any net operating losses for federal and state income tax purposes for state jurisdictions in which we currently operate.
We have no federal or state research and development and alternative minimum tax credit carry forwards at June 30, 2023. 

 As of June 30, 2023,
we have accrued of unrecognized tax benefits related to federal and state income tax matters that would reduce our income tax
expense if recognized. If we are eventually able to recognize our uncertain tax positions, our effective tax rate would be reduced. Any
adjustment to our uncertain tax positions would result in an adjustment of our tax credit carryforwards rather than resulting in a cash
outlay. 

Information with respect to our accrual for unrecognized
tax benefits is as follows (in thousands): 

Additions based on federal tax positions related to the current year 

Additions based on state tax positions related to the current year 

Additions (reductions) for tax positions of prior years 

Reductions due to lapses in statutes of limitation 

Ending balance 

Although it is reasonably
possible that certain unrecognized tax benefits may increase or decrease within the next twelve months due to tax examinations, settlement
activities, expirations of statute of limitations, or the impact on recognition and measurement considerations related to the results
of published tax cases or other similar activities, we do not anticipate any significant changes to unrecognized tax benefits over the
next twelve months. 

 We recognize accrued interest
and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense when applicable. As of June 30, 2023, of interest
applicable to our unrecognized tax benefits have been accrued. 

 We are subject to U.S. federal
income tax, as well as income tax of California, Colorado, and Massachusetts. We are currently open to audit under the statute of limitations
by the Internal Revenue Service for the years ended June 30, 2020, and later. However, because of our prior net operating losses
and research credit carryovers, our tax years from June 30, 2008, are open to audit. 

 million (the Property Loan pursuant to a Loan Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, between PDEX Franklin and MBT
(the Property Loan Agreement and corresponding Term Note (the Property Note issued by PDEX Franklin in favor
of MBT on the Closing Date. The Property Loan is secured by the Franklin Property pursuant to a Deed of Trust with Assignment of Leases
and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing in favor of MBT (the Deed and by an Assignment of Leases and Rents by
PDEX Franklin in favor of MBT (the Rents Assignment ). We paid loan origination fees to MBT on the Closing Date in the amount
of . 

The
Property Loan bears interest at a fixed rate of per annum, which is subject to a 3 increase upon an event of default. Accrued interest
was paid on December 1, 2020, and both principal and interest in the amount of approximately are due and payable on the first
day of each subsequent month until the maturity date of (the Maturity Date ), at which time a balloon payment
in the amount of million is due. 
The Property Loan Agreement, Property Note, Deed, and Rents Assignment each contain representations, warranties, covenants, and events
of default that are customary for a loan of this type. The balance owed on the Property Loan at June 30, 2023 is . 

On
the Closing Date, we also entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with MBT (the Amended Credit Agreement ),
providing for a amended and restated term loan (the Term Loan A ), a term loan (the Term Loan
B ), and a amended and restated revolving loan (the Revolving Loan and, together with the Term Loan A and
the Term Loan B, collectively, the Loans ), evidenced by an Amended and Restated Term Note A Term Note A ),
a Term Note B, and an Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Note (the Revolving Note made by us in favor of MBT. The Loans
are secured by substantially all of the Company s assets pursuant to a Security Agreement entered into on September 6, 2018 between
the Company and MBT. The Term Note A had an outstanding principal balance of as of the Closing Date and could be borrowed against
through May 30, 2021 (the Commitment Period ). During the third quarter ended March 31, 2021, we borrowed an additional 
against Term Note A for the purpose of repurchasing our common stock as described in Note 13. The Term Note B had a zero balance as of
the Closing Date and we borrowed the full during the third quarter ended March 31, 2021, for the purpose of making improvements
to the Franklin property described in Note 4. 

The
Term Loan A matures on and bears interest at a fixed rate of per annum. Initial payments on the Term Loan A of
interest only were due on December 1, 2020 through June 1, 2021. Commencing July 1, 2021 and continuing on the first day of each month
thereafter until the maturity date, we are required to make payments of principal and interest on Term Loan A of approximately 
plus any additional accrued and unpaid interest through the date of payment. The balance owed on Term Loan A as of June 30, 2023, is . 

The
Term Loan B matures on and bears interest at a fixed rate of per annum. Initial payments on the Term Loan B of
interest only were due on December 1, 2020 through June 1, 2021. Commencing July 1, 2021 and continuing on the first day of each month
thereafter until the maturity date, we are required to make payments of principal and interest on Term Loan B of approximately ,
plus any additional accrued and unpaid interest through the date of payment. As of March 31, 2021, we had drawn fully against Term Note
B and the balance outstanding on Term Note B was on June 30, 2023. 

On December 29, 2022 (the Amendment
Date ), we entered into Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Amendment with MBT, which amends
the Amended Credit Agreement and provides for a supplemental line of credit in the amount of (the Supplemental Loan ).
The Supplemental Loan is evidenced by a Supplemental Revolving Credit Note (the Supplemental Note made by us in favor of
MBT. The purpose of the Supplemental Loan is for financing acquisitions and repurchasing shares of our common stock. The Supplemental
Loan may be borrowed against from time to time through its maturity date of , on the terms set forth in the Amended Credit
Agreement. As of June 30, 2023, amounts have been drawn against the Supplemental Loan. 

The Revolving Loan was also amended
(the Amended Revolving Loan in connection with the Amendment to extend , to increase the Revolving Loan facility from to , and to increase the interest rate on the Revolving Loan
(as described below), evidenced by an Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Note (the Amended Revolving Note made by us
in favor of MBT. The Amended Revolving Loan may be borrowed against from time to time by us through its maturity date on the terms set
forth in the Amended Credit Agreement. As of June 30, 2023, we had drawn against the Amended Revolving Loan. Loan origination
fees in the amount of were paid to MBT in conjunction with the Amended Revolving Loan and the Supplemental Loan. 

The Amended Revolving Loan and
Supplemental Loan bear interest at an annual rate equal to the greater of (a) or (b) SOFR for a one-month period from the website
of the CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited plus 2.5 (the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate ). Commencing on the first day of
each month after we initially borrow against the Amended Revolving Loan and/or the Supplemental Loan and each month thereafter until maturity,
we are required to pay all accrued and unpaid interest on the Amended Revolving Loan and Supplemental Loan through the date of payment.
Any principal on the Amended Revolving Loan and/or Supplemental Loan that is not previously prepaid shall be due and payable in full on
the maturity date (or earlier termination of the Amended Revolving Loan and/or Supplemental Loan). 

Any
payment on the Term Loan A, the Term Loan B, the Amended Revolving Loan or the Supplemental Loan (collectively, the Loans not made within seven days after the due date is subject to a late payment fee equal to of the overdue amount. Upon the occurrence
and during the continuance of an event of default, the interest rate of all Loans will be increased by and MBT may, at its option,
declare all of the Loans immediately due and payable in full. 

The
Amended Credit Agreement, Amended Security Agreement, Term Note A, Term Note B, Amended Revolving Note and Supplemental Note contain representations
and warranties, affirmative, negative and financial covenants, and events of default that are customary for loans of this type. We believe
that we are in compliance with all of our debt covenants as of June 30, 2023, but there can be no assurance that we will remain in compliance
for the duration of the term of these loans. 

Scheduled principal
maturities of our loans, assuming repayment of our revolver in full next fiscal year and exclusive of unamortized loan origination fees
in the amount of , for future fiscal years ending June 30 are as follows (in thousands): 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total principal payments 

, is presented within accrued expenses on the balance sheet. As of
June 30, 2023, the maturity of our lease liability is as follows: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total lease payments 

Less imputed interest: 

Total 

As of June 30, 2023, our
operating lease has a remaining lease term of four years and three months and an imputed interest rate of . Cash paid for amounts
included in the lease liability for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. 

and , respectively. 

 Compensation Arrangements 

 Retirement Savings 401(k) Plan 

 The Pro-Dex, Inc. Retirement
Savings 401(k) Plan (the 401(k) Plan is a defined contribution plan we administer that covers substantially all our employees
and is subject to the provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. Employees are eligible to participate
in the 401(k) Plan when they have attained 19 years of age and then can enter into the 401(k) Plan on the first day of each calendar quarter.
Participants are eligible to receive non-discretionary matching contributions by the Company equal to of their contributions up to
 of eligible compensation through December 15, 2022 and of their contributions up to of eligible compensation thereafter. For
the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, we recognized compensation expense amounting to and , respectively,
in connection with the 401(k) Plan. During our fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, we used approximately and , respectively,
of forfeited match contributions to reduce our match expense. 

Legal Matters 

We may be involved in legal proceedings
arising either in the ordinary course of our business or incidental to our business. There can be no certainty, however, that we may not
ultimately incur liability or that such liability will not be material or adverse. 

 shares of our common stock in the form of incentive stock options, nonstatutory
stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted shares, restricted stock units, performance awards, and other stock-based awards. 

Former Stock Option Plans 

options were granted
under the Former Stock Option Plans during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. As of June
30, 2023, there was unrecognized compensation cost under the Former Stock Option Plans and all remaining outstanding stock options
were exercised during fiscal 2023 . 

The following is a
summary of stock option activity under the Former Stock Option Plans for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

Options granted 

Options exercised 

Options forfeited 

Outstanding at end of period 

Stock Options Exercisable at June 30, 

Performance Awards 

 In December 2017, the Compensation
Committee of our Board of Directors granted performance awards to our employees under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, which upon
vesting will generally be paid in shares of our common stock. Whether any performance awards vest, and the amount that does vest, is tied
to the . The weighted-average fair value of the performance awards granted was , calculated using the weighted-average
fair market value for each award, using a Monte Carlo simulation. In February 2020, the Compensation Committee reallocated previously
forfeited awards, having the same remaining terms and conditions, to certain current employees. The weighted average fair value of the
performance awards granted in fiscal 2020 was , calculated using the weighted-average fair market value for each award, using a
Monte Carlo simulation. In December 2021, the Compensation Committee reallocated an additional previously forfeited awards, having
the same remaining terms and conditions, to other employees. The weighted average fair value of the performance awards reallocated in
2021 was , calculated using the weighted average fair market value for each award, using a Monte Carlo simulation. We recorded share-based
compensation expense of and for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, related to these performance
awards. On June 30, 2023, there was approximately of unrecognized compensation cost related to these non-vested performance awards
expected to be expensed over the weighted-average period of years. 

 On July 1, 2022, it was
determined by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors that the vesting of performance awards for shares of common
stock had been achieved. Each participant elected a net issuance to cover their individual withholding taxes and therefore we issued 
shares and paid of participant-related payroll tax liabilities. 

 The following is a summary
of performance awards activity for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at end of period 

Non-Qualified Stock Options 

 In December 2020, the Compensation
Committee of our Board of Directors granted non-qualified stock options to our directors and certain employees under the 2016
Equity Incentive Plan. Whether any stock options vest, and the amount that does vest, is tied to the . We recorded
compensation expense of and for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, related to these options.
The weighted average fair value of the stock option awards granted was , calculated using a Monte Carlo simulation. As of June 30,
2023, there was approximately million of unrecognized compensation cost related to these non-vested non-qualified stock options. 

 In February 2021, the Compensation
Committee of our Board of Directors granted non-qualified stock options to our directors and certain employees under the 2016 Equity
Incentive Plan. Whether any stock options vest, and the amount that does vest, was tied to the . Of these 
stock options, 57,750 vested on July 1, 2021, as our common stock met the pre-determined prices set forth in the underlying agreements.
We recorded compensation expense of for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 related to these options. The weighted average fair
value of the stock option awards granted was , calculated using a Monte Carlo simulation. In December 2021 the Compensation Committee
of our Board of Directors granted, previously forfeited non-qualified stock options to another employee. 

The following is a summary of
non-qualified stock option activity under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

Options granted 

Options exercised 

Options forfeited 

Outstanding at end of period 

Stock Options Exercisable at June 30, 

Employee Stock Purchase
Plan 

 In September 2014, our Board
approved the establishment of an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ). The ESPP conforms to the provisions of Section
423 of the Internal Revenue Code, has coterminous . Our Board of Directors also approved the provision that
shares formerly reserved for issuance under the Former Stock Option Plans in excess of shares issuable pursuant to outstanding options,
aggregating shares, be reserved for issuance pursuant to the ESPP. The ESPP was approved by our shareholders at our 2014 Annual
Meeting. On February 2, 2015, the Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-8 registering the shares issuable under the
ESPP under the Securities Act of 1933. 

 During the fiscal years
ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, shares totaling and , respectively, were purchased pursuant to the ESPP and allocated to participating
employees based upon their contributions at weighted- average prices of and , respectively. On a cumulative basis, since
the inception of the ESPP, employees have purchased a total of 32,498 shares. During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, we
recorded stock compensation expense in the amount of and , respectively, relating to the ESPP. 

Customer concentration: 

Customer 1 

Customer 2 

Total 

Information with respect
to accounts receivable from those customers who comprised more than 10 of our gross accounts receivable at either June 30, 2023 or June
30, 2022 is as follows (in thousands, except percentages): 

Customer concentration: 

Customer 1 

Customer 2 

Total. 

During fiscal 2023 and 2022,
we had four suppliers that accounted for more than 10 of total inventory purchases, as follows (in thousands, except percentages): 

June 30, 2023 
 June 30, 2022 
 
 Total inventory purchases 

Supplier concentration: 

Supplier 1 

Supplier 2 

Supplier 3 

Supplier 4 

Total. 

Information with respect
to accounts payable due to those suppliers who comprised more than 10 of our accounts payable at either June 30, 2023 or June 30, 2022
is as follows (in thousands, except percentages): 

June 30,
 2023 
 June 30,
 2022 
 
 Total accounts payable 

Supplier concentration: 

Supplier 1 

Supplier 4 

Supplier 2 

Total. 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic earnings per share 

Diluted: 

Net income 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Effect of dilutive securities stock options performance awards 

Weighted-average shares used in calculation of diluted earnings per share 

Diluted earnings per share 

shares at an aggregate cost, inclusive of fees under the Plan, of 
million. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, we repurchased shares at an aggregate cost, inclusive of fees under the Plan,
of million. On a cumulative basis, we have repurchased a total of shares under the share repurchase programs at an aggregate
cost, inclusive of fess under the Plan, of million. All repurchases under the 10b5-1 Plans were administered through an independent
broker. 

and have received 
 shares of Monogram common stock (NasdaqCM: MGRM). The closing price of Monogram stock on October 6, 2023, was per
share. 

59 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

 Our
Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial officer and principal
accounting officer) have concluded, based on their evaluation as of June 30, 2023, that the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange
Act )) were not effective at a reasonable assurance level to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports
filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the SEC s rules and forms, including to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit
under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

 Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal
executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework set forth in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in May 2013. Based on this evaluation, and as a result
of the material weakness described below, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective
as of June 30, 2023. 

 Our
internal control over financial reporting is supported by written policies and procedures that: 

 (1)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
our assets; 

 (2)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of our Company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of our management and directors; and 

 (3)
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 This
Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that apply
to certain smaller reporting companies that permit us to provide only management s attestation in this annual report. 

 Material Weakness 

 A
material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual and interim financial statements will not be detected
or prevented on a timely basis. 

 In connection with preparing
our financial statements for the year ended June 30, 2023, and evaluating the fair value of one of our investments, we re-evaluated the
guidance in ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging and determined upon reassessment that the historical de minimis values we assigned
to the Monogram Warrant were incorrect. We have determined that there is a deficiency in the design of the Company s internal control
relating to the valuation and disclosure of level 3 financial instruments, including the valuation of warrant derivative instruments.
As a result, we have concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of the end of each
of the periods covered by the restatement. In connection with the restatement, the Company has identified a material weakness in internal
control over financial reporting related to its investment in the Monogram Warrant. 

60 

Remediation Measures 

 Management is committed
to implementing changes to our internal control over financial reporting to ensure our material weakness is remediated. To remediate this
material weakness, we are in the process of improving the design of our control related to to the valuation and disclosure of level 3
financial instruments. Management believes the control will prevent the conditions that led to the material weakness described above. 

 While the foregoing measures
are intended to effectively remediate the material weakness described in Item 9A, and these procedures will be applied to any future warrant,
derivative or other level 3 instrument we receive, it is possible that additional remediation steps will be necessary. As such, as we
continue to evaluate and implement our plan to remediate the material weakness, our management may decide to take additional measures
to address the material weakness. The material weakness cannot be considered remediated until the applicable controls operate for a period
of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. We plan to continue to perform additional
analyses and other procedures to help ensure that our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

 Changes in
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

 Except
as discussed above, during the quarter ended June 30, 2023, there were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting (as
defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

 None. 

61 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information required
by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement, which will be filed within 120 days of June 30,
2023, and delivered to shareholders in connection with our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required
by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement, which will be filed within 120 days of June 30,
2023, and delivered to shareholders in connection with our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required
by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement, which will be filed within 120 days of June 30,
2023, and delivered to shareholders in connection with our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required
by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement, which will be filed within 120 days of June 30,
2023, and delivered to shareholders in connection with our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required
by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement, which will be filed within 120 days of June 30,
2023, and delivered to shareholders in connection with our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. 

62 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 

(1) Financial Statements are listed in the index included under Item 8 of this Report. 

(b) Exhibits 

Exhibit 

Filed
 or Furnished 
 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 Herewith 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 4/23/2007 

3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 12/5/2007 

3.3 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 6/18/2010 

3.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws, dated January 31, 2011 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 2/4/2011 

4.1 
 
 Description of Company's Common Stock Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Act of 1934 

X 
 
 10.1 
 
 Second Amended and restated 2004 Stock Option Plan 
 
 S-8 
 
 4.1 
 
 2/15/2012 

10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated 2004 Directors Stock Option Plan 
 
 S-8 
 
 4.2 
 
 2/15/2012 

10.3 
 
 Pro-Dex, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 14A 
 
 Appendix A 
 
 10/17/2016 

10.4 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for directors and certain officers 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 10/29/2008 

10.5 
 
 Lease agreement with Irvine Business Properties, dated August 3, 2007 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/23/2007 

10.6 
 
 First Amendment to Lease - July 2013 by and between Irvine Business Properties and Pro-Dex, Inc.
 dated effective July 1, 2013 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 7/17/2013 

10.7 
 
 Pro-Dex, Inc. Amended and Restated Employee Severance Policy effective as of September 16, 2016 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.5 
 
 5/14/2015 

10.8 
 
 Second Amended to Standard Industrial/Commercial Multi-Tenant Lease - Net by and between Irvine
 Business Properties and Pro-Dex, Inc., dated September 19, 2017 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 9/20/2017 

63 

Exhibit 

Filed
 or Furnished 
 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 Herewith 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Performance Award Agreement for Employees of Pro-Dex, Inc. - 2016 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/8/2017 

10.10 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated September 6, 2018 between Pro-Dex, Inc. and Minnesota Bank Trust 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 9/7/2018 

10.11 
 
 Security Agreement, dated September 6, 2018 by Pro-Dex, Inc. in favor of Minnesota Bank Trust 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 9/7/2018 

10.12 
 
 Term Note A, dated September 6, 2018 by Pro-Dex, Inc. in favor of Minnesota Bank Trust 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 9/7/2018 

10.13 
 
 Revolving Credit Note, dated September 6, 2018 by Pro-Dex, Inc. in favor of Minnesota Bank 
 Trust 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.4 
 
 9/7/2018 

10.14 
 
 Change in Terms Agreement dated September 6, 2018 by Pro-Dex, Inc. in favor of Minnesota Bank 
 Trust 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 10/1/2019 

10.15 
 
 Standard Offer, Agreement and Escrow Instructions for Purchase of Real Estate by and between Pro-Dex,
 Inc. and 14401 Franklin, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 9/8/2020 

10.16 
 
 Loan Agreement dated November 6, 2020 made by and between PDEX Franklin LLC and Minnesota Bank
 Trust 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/12/2020 

10.17 
 
 Term Note dated November 6, 2020 made by PDEX Franklin LLC in favor of Minnesota Bank Trust 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/12/2020 

10.18 
 
 Deed of trust with Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing dated
 November 6, 2020 by and between PDEX Franklin LLC and Minnesota Bank Trust 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 11/12/2020 

10.19 
 
 Assignment of Leases and Rents dated November 6, 2020 by and between PDEX Franklin LLC and Minnesota
 Bank Trust 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.4 
 
 11/12/2020 

10.20 
 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated November 6, 2020 by and between Pro-Dex, Inc. and Minnesota
 Bank Trust 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.5 
 
 11/12/2020 

64 

Exhibit 

Filed
 or Furnished 
 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 Herewith 
 
 10.21 
 
 Amended and Restated Term Note A dated November 6, 2020 made by Pro-Dex, Inc. in favor of Minnesota
 Bank 7 Trust 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.6 
 
 11/12/2020 

10.22 
 
 Term Note B dated November 6, 2020 made by Pro-Dex, Inc. in favor of Minnesota Bank Trust 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.7 
 
 11/12/2020 

10.23 
 
 Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement dated November 6, 2020 made by Pro-Dex, Inc. in
 favor of Minnesota Bank Trust 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.8 
 
 11/12/2020 

10.24 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for Directors and Employees of Pro-Dex, Inc. - 2016 Equity Incentive
 Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/11/2020 

10.25 
 
 At the Market Offering Agreement dated December 31, 2020, by and between Pro-Dex, Inc. and Ascendiant
 Capital Markets, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/31/2020 

10.26 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated November 5, 2021 by and between
 Pro-Dex, Inc. and Minnesota Bank Trust 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/9/2021 

10.27 
 
 Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Note dated November 5, 2021 made by Pro-Dex, Inc. in favor
 of Minnesota Bank Trust 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/9/2021 

10.28 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated December 29,2022 by and between
 Pro-Dex, Inc. and Minnesota Bank Trust, a division of HTLF Bank 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/5/2023 

10.29 
 
 Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Note dated December 29, 2022made by Pro-Dex, Inc. in favor
 of Minnesota Bank Trust, a division of HTLF Bank 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 1/5/2023 

10.30 
 
 Supplemental Revolving Credit Note dated December 29, 2022 made by Pro-Dex, Inc. in favor of Minnesota
 Bank Trust, a division of HTLF Bank 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 1/5/2023 

10.31 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Stock dated December 20, 2018 made by Monogram Orthopaedics Inc. in favor of Pro-Dex, Inc. 

X 
 
 10.32 
 
 Warrant Exercise Side Letter Dated October 2, 2023 by and between Monogram Orthopaedics Inc. and Pro-Dex, Inc. 

X 

65 

Exhibit 

Filed
 or Furnished 
 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 Herewith 
 
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries 

X 
 
 23 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

X 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
 
 32 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

X 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

X 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Date File 

X 

Denotes management contract or compensatory arrangement. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

66 

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on October 13, 2023. 

PRO-DEX, INC. 

By: Richard L. Van Kirk 

Richard L. Van Kirk 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

 We, the undersigned directors
and officers of Pro-Dex, Inc., do hereby constitute and appoint Richard L. Van Kirk, as our true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent
with power of substitution, to do any and all acts and things in our name and behalf in our capacities as directors and officers and to
execute any and all instruments for us and in our names in the capacities indicated below, which such attorney-in-fact and agent may deem
necessary or advisable to enable said corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations
and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, in connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including specifically
but without limitation, power and authority to sign for us or any of us in our names in the capacities indicated below, any and all amendments
hereto; and we do hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorney-in-fact and agent shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

 Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 Title 
 Date 

/s/ Richard L. Van
 Kirk 
 Richard L. Van Kirk 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 October 13, 2023 

/s/ Alisha K. Charlton 
 Alisha K. Charlton 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 October 13, 2023 

/s/ Nicholas J. Swenson 
 Nicholas J. Swenson 
 Chairman of the Board, Director 
 October 13, 2023 

/s/ Raymond E. Cabillot 
 Raymond E. Cabillot 
 Director 
 October 13, 2023 

/s/ Angelita R. Domingo 
 Angelita R. Domingo 
 
 Director 
 October 13, 2023 

/s/ William J. Farrell
 III 
 William J. Farrell III 
 Director 
 October 13, 2023 

/s/ David C. Hovda 
 David C. Hovda 
 Director 
 October 13, 2023 

/s/ Katrina M.K.
 Philp 
 Katrina M.K. Philp 
 Director 
 October 13, 2023 

67 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 
No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed April 23, 2007). 

3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed December 5, 2007). 

3.3 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed June 18, 2010). 

3.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws, dated January 31, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed February 4, 2011). 

4.1 
 
 Description of the Company s Common Stock Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Act of 1934. 

10.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated 2004 Stock Option Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form S-8 filed February 15, 2012). 

10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated 2004 Directors Stock Option Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form S-8 filed February 15, 2012). 

10.3 
 
 Pro-Dex, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to our Schedule 14A filed October 17, 2016). 

10.4 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for directors and certain officers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed October 29, 2008). 

10.5 
 
 Lease agreement with Irvine Business Properties, dated August 3, 2007 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed August 23, 2007). 

10.6 
 
 First Amendment To Lease July 2013 by and between Irvine Business Properties and Pro-Dex, Inc., dated effective July 1, 2013 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed July 17, 2013). 

10.7 
 
 Pro-Dex, Inc. Amended and Restated Employee Severance Policy effective as of September 16, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed May 14, 2015). 

10.8 
 
 Second Amendment to Standard Industrial/Commercial Multi-Tenant Lease Net by and between Irvine Business Properties and Pro-Dex, Inc., dated September 19, 2017 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 20, 2017). 

10.9 
 
 Form of Performance Award Agreement for Employees of Pro-Dex, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 8, 2017). 

10.10 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated September 6, 2018 between Pro-Dex, Inc. and Minnesota Bank Trust (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2018). 

68 

10.11 
 
 Security Agreement, dated September 6, 2018 by Pro-Dex, Inc. in favor of Minnesota Bank Trust (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2018). 

10.12 
 
 Term Note A, dated September 6, 2018 by Pro-Dex, Inc. in favor of Minnesota Bank Trust (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2018). 

10.13 
 
 Revolving Credit Note, dated September 6, 2018 by Pro-Dex, Inc. in favor of Minnesota Bank Trust (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2018). 

10.14 
 
 Change in Terms Agreement dated September 6, 2019 by and between Minnesota Bank Trust and Pro-Dex, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2019). 

10.15 
 
 Standard Offer, Agreement and Escrow Instructions for Purchase of Real Estate by and between Pro-Dex, Inc. and 14401 Franklin, LLC. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 8, 2020). 

10.16 
 
 Loan Agreement dated November 6, 2020 by and between PDEX Franklin LLC and Minnesota Bank Trust (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed November 12, 2020). 

10.17 
 
 Term Note dated November 6, 2020 made by PDEX Franklin LLC in favor of Minnesota Bank Trust (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed November 12, 2020). 

10.18 
 
 Deed of Trust with Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing dated November 6, 2020 by and between PDEX Franklin LLC and Minnesota Bank Trust (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed November 12, 2020). 

10.19 
 
 Assignment of Leases and Rents dated November 6, 2020 by and between PDEX Franklin LLC and Minnesota Bank Trust (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 8-K filed November 12, 2020). 

10.20 
 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated November 6, 2020 by and between Pro-Dex, Inc. and Minnesota Bank Trust (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 8-K filed November 12, 2020). 

10.21 
 
 Amended and Restated Term Note A dated November 6, 2020 made by Pro-Dex, Inc. in favor of Minnesota Bank Trust (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Form 8-K filed November 12, 2020). 

10.22 
 
 Term Note B dated November 6, 2020 made by Pro-Dex, Inc. in favor of Minnesota Bank Trust (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Form 8-K filed November 12, 2020). 

10.23 
 
 Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement dated November 6, 2020 made by Pro-Dex, Inc. in favor of Minnesota Bank Trust (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Form 8-K filed November 12, 2020). 

69 

10.24 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for Directors and Employees of Pro-Dex, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed December 11, 2020). 

10.25 
 
 At the Market Offering Agreement dated December 31, 2020, by and between Pro-Dex, Inc. and Ascendiant Capital Markets, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed December 31, 2020). 

10.26 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated November 5, 2021 by and between Pro-Dex, Inc. and Minnesota Bank Trust (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed November 9, 2021). 

10.27 

Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Note dated November 5, 2021
made by Pro-Dex, Inc. in favor of Minnesota Bank Trust (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s
Form 8-K filed November 9, 2021). 

10.28 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated December
 29, 2022 by and between Pro-Dex, Inc. and Minnesota Bank Trust, a division of HTLF Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1
 to the Company s Form 8-K filed January 5, 2023). 

10.29 
 
 Amendment and Restated Revolving Credit Note dated December 29, 2022 made
 by Pro-Dex, Inc. in favor of Minnesota Bank Trust, a division of HTLF Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2
 to the Company s Form 8-K filed January 5, 2023). 

10.30 

Supplemental Revolving Credit Note dated December 29, 2022 made by
Pro-Dex, Inc. in favor of Minnesota Bank Trust, a division of HTLF Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3
to the Company s Form 8-K filed January 5, 2023. 

10.31 

Warrant to Purchase Stock dated December 20, 2018 made by Monogram Orthopaedics
 Inc. in favor of Pro-Dex, Inc. 

10.32 
 
 Warrant Exercise Side Letter Dated October 2, 2023 by and between Monogram Orthopaedics Inc. and Pro-Dex, Inc. 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries 

23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

Denotes management contract or compensatory arrangement. 

68 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4x1.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK

EXHIBIT 4.1 

 Description of the Company s Common
Stock 
Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 The following summary
of Pro-Dex, Inc. s common stock does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to
our Articles of Incorporation, as amended Articles of Incorporation ), and Amended and Restated Bylaws Bylaws ).
For a complete description of the terms and provisions of our capital stock, including our common stock, refer to the Articles of Incorporation
and the Bylaws, which are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 General 

 As of September 6, 2023,
our authorized capital stock consists of (i) 50,000,000 shares of common stock, no par value per share, and (ii) 10,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, no par value per share. As of September 6, 2023, 3,547,330 shares of common stock were issued and outstanding and no
shares of preferred stock were issued and outstanding. Our common stock is our only class of securities registered under Section 12
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

 Common Stock 

 The holders of our common
stock are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including
the election of directors, and do not have cumulative voting rights. Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any outstanding
of our preferred stock, holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably those dividends, if any, as may be declared by our Board
of Directors out of legally available funds. Subject to the rights of any outstanding preferred stock, upon the Company s liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up, the holders of common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available for distribution
to our shareholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities. Holders of common stock have no preemptive or conversion
rights or other subscription rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock. All outstanding
shares of common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 

 Our Board of Directors has
the authority, without further action by our shareholders (other than such approval rights as may be granted to any outstanding series
of preferred stock), to designate and issue one or more series of preferred stock and to fix the rights, powers, preferences, qualifications,
limitations and restrictions of each series of preferred stock to the maximum extent permitted by Colorado law. The issuance of preferred
stock could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of common stock or adversely affect the rights
and powers, including voting rights, of the holders of common stock. The existence of authorized but unissued preferred stock may also
discourage or render more difficult attempts to take control of the Company, as described in more detail below under Anti-Takeover
Provisions of Governing Documents. 

 Broadridge Corporate Issuer
Solutions, Inc. is the transfer agent for our common stock. 

 Our common stock is listed
on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol PDEX . 

 Anti-Takeover Provisions of Governing Documents 

 Our Bylaws require that
our shareholders satisfy certain advance notice and other requirements in order to properly submit proposals or director nominees for
consideration at our annual meetings of shareholders. 

 As discussed above, our
Board of Directors has the authority, without further action by our shareholders (other than such approval rights as may be granted to
any outstanding series of preferred stock), to designate and issue one or more series of preferred stock and to fix the rights, powers,
preferences, qualifications, limitations, and restrictions of each series of preferred stock to the maximum extent permitted by Colorado
law. The existence of authorized but unissued preferred stock may enable our Board of Directors to render more difficult or to discourage
an attempt to obtain control of the Company by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. Among other things, if in
the due exercise of its fiduciary obligations, our Board of Directors were to determine that a takeover proposal is not in the best interests
of the Company and our shareholders, our Board of Directors could cause shares of preferred stock to be designated and issued without
further shareholder approval in one or more private offerings or other transactions that might dilute the voting or other rights of the
proposed acquirer or insurgent shareholder or shareholder group. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.31>
 3
 ex10x31.htm
 WARRANT TO PURCHASE STOCK

EXHIBIT
10.31 

 THIS
WARRANT HAS BEEN, AND THE SHARES OF STOCK WHICH MAY BE RECEIVED PURSUANT TO THE EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT WILL BE, ACQUIRED BY THE HOLDER
HEREOF SOLELY FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR FOR RESALE IN CONNECTION WITH, ANY DISTRIBUTION THEREOF EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT ). WITHOUT LIMITATION TO THE OTHER RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER OF THIS WARRANT
SET FORTH HEREIN, NEITHER THIS WARRANT NOR SUCH SHARES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE ACT OR QUALIFIED UNDER ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS.
SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR QUALIFICATION OR AN
OPINION OF COUNSEL IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH DISPOSITION IS EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE ACT AND ANY REGISTRATION OR QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS UNDER APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 

 Dated:
December 20, 2018 

 MONOGRAM
ORTHOPAEDICS INC. 

 WARRANT
TO PURCHASE STOCK 

 MONOGRAM
ORTHOPAEDICS INC ., a Delaware corporation (the Company "), for value received, hereby grants to PRO-DEX, INC .
or its permitted assigns (the Holder this Warrant (this Warrant to purchase from the Company
the number Warrant Shares (as defined below) determined in accordance with Section 2 below, for a price per Warrant Share equal to the
Exercise Price (as defined below). 

1. Definitions .
 As used herein: 

(a)
 Aggregate Exercise Price means 1,250,000. 

 (b)
 Warrant Shares means Common Shares and, if applicable, Preferred Shares that this Warrant is exercisable for. 

 (c)
 Common Shares means shares of common stock (regardless of class or series) of the Company outstanding as of the date of
exercise of this Warrant. 

 (d)
 Preferred Shares means shares of preferred stock (regardless of class or series) of the Company outstanding as of the date
of exercise of this Warrant. 

 (e)
 Exercise Price means (A) if the Warrant Shares consist solely of Common Stock, then a price per each Warrant Share equal
to the amount obtained by dividing (x) 1,250,000 by (y) the number of Warrant Shares issuable hereunder and (B) if the Warrant Shares
consist of both Common Stock and Preferred Stock, then the Holder and the Company shall reasonably allocate the Aggregate Exercise Price
on a per-share basis to each respective class and series of Warrant Share. 

 (t)
 Fully-Diluted Capitalization means, as of any date and subject to Section 2(ii) below, the total number of Common
Shares outstanding on such date determined on a fully diluted basis assuming full conversion or exercise of all preferred stock and other
convertible and exercisable securities then outstanding (including outstanding options and warrants, but excluding this Warrant). 

2. Number
 of Warrant Shares . The total number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant shall
 be exercisable shall be: 

(i)
Preferred Shares of each class or series of preferred stock of the Company outstanding on the date or dates of exercise, up to an
aggregate amount for each such class or series equal to five percent (5 (calculated on a post-exercise basis) of the total issued
and outstanding number of Preferred Shares of such class or series; plus 

(ii)
Common Shares equal to five percent (5 (calculated on a post-exercise basis) of the Fully-Diluted Capitalization as of the date or
dates of exercise; provided, that any Preferred Shares that this Warrant has been or may be exercised for, as of the time of
calculation, shall be excluded for purposes of determining Fully-Diluted Capitalization. 

3. Exercise . 

(a)
This Warrant may be exercised by the Holder, in whole or in part, at any time prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in Section 8 below)
by the tender to the Company at its principal office of a notice of exercise in the form of Exhibit A (the Notice of
Exercise ), duly completed and executed by or on behalf of the Holder, together with the surrender of this Warrant and the
payment to the Company of an amount equal to (x) the Exercise Price multiplied by (y) the number of Warrant Shares being purchased,
by wire transfer or certified, cashier's or other check acceptable to the Company and payable to the order of the Company. 

 (b)
In lieu of exercising this Warrant pursuant to Section 3(a), if the fair market value of one Warrant Share is greater than the
Exercise Price (at the date of calculation as set forth below), the Holder may elect to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to
the value of this Warrant (or of any portion of this Warrant being canceled) by surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of
the Company together with a properly completed and executed Notice of Exercise reflecting such election, in which event the Company
shall issue to the Holder that number of Warrant Shares computed using the following formula: 

X = 
 Y (A
 - B) 

A 

Where: 

X 
 = 
 The number of Warrant Shares to be
 issued to the Holder 

Y 
 = 
 The number of Warrant Shares purchasable under this Warrant
 Of, if only a portion of the Warrant is being exercised, the portion of the Warrant being canceled (at the date of such calculation) 

A 
 = 
 The fair market value of one Warrant Share (at the date
 of such calculation) 

B 
 = 
 The Exercise Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation) 

2 

For
purposes of the calculation above, the fair market value of one Warrant Share shall be determined by the Board of Directors of the Company
(the Board acting in good faith based on the then current enterprise value of the Company (without any discount
for lack of control, lack of marketability or any similar discount) as of the date of exercise and may, in the case of Preferred Shares,
take into account all liquidation preferences and other senior rights attaching to such Preferred Shares. The determination of the fair
market value of each Warrant Share shall be subject to the reasonable approval of the Holder. If the Company and the Holder cannot agree
to the fair market value of each Warrant Share, the Company and the Holder shall submit such determination to a business valuation expert.
The cost of the business valuation expert shall be paid one-half by the Company and one-half by the Holder. The determination of the
business valuation shall be final and binding on the Company and the Holder, except in the case of manifest error. 

 (c)
The rights under this Warrant shall be deemed to have been exercised and the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise shall be deemed
to have been issued immediately prior to the close of business on the date this Warrant is exercised in accordance with its terms, and
the person entitled to receive the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise shall be treated for all purposes as the holder of record
of such Warrant Shares as of the close of business on such date. As promptly as reasonably practicable on or after such date, the Company
shall issue and deliver to the person or persons entitled to receive the same a certificate or certificates for that number of Warrant
Shares issuable upon such exercise. If the rights under this Warrant are exercised in part and have not expired, the Company shall execute
and deliver a new Warrant reflecting the number of Warrant Shares that remain subject to this Warrant. 

 (d)
The Holder may exercise this Warrant conditioned upon (and effective immediately prior to) consummation of any transaction that would
cause the expiration of this Warrant pursuant to Section 8 by so indicating in the Notice of Exercise. 

 (e)
In the event that, upon the Expiration Date, the formula in Section 3(b) would result in a net positive number of Warrant Shares issuable
to the Holder, then this Warrant shall automatically be deemed on and as of such date to be exercised in full pursuant to Section 3(b)
without any action on behalf of the Holder. 

4. Transfers;
 Preferred Share Documents . 

(a)
Neither this Warrant nor any Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise hereof may be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, conveyed or otherwise
encumbered (each a Transfer ), whole or part, except in compliance with the Securities Act and applicable state securities
laws and, if applicable, the terms of any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 4(b). The Company may condition consent to any such
Transfer upon receipt of a written acknowledgement of the transferee to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Warrant. Without
limiting the foregoing, the Holder acknowledges that this Warrant and the Warrant Shares have not been registered under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and agrees that the Holder shall not be permitted to Transfer this
Warrant or any Warrant Shares issued upon its exercise in the absence of (i) an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act as to this Warrant or such Warrant Shares and registration or qualification of this Warrant and such Warrant Shares under any applicable
U.S. federal or state securities law then in effect, or (ii) an opinion of counsel, satisfactory to the Company in its sole discretion,
that such registration and qualification are not required. Each certificate or other instrument for Warrant Shares issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant shall bear a legend substantially to the foregoing effect. 

3 

(b)
In connection with the Exercise of this Warrant for any Preferred Shares, the Holder shall be required to execute any deliver any agreements
and documents entered into among the holders of Preferred Shares generally, including any investors rights agreement, voting agreement
or similar investment-related agreements. 

 5. No
Impairment . The Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation or through reorganization, consolidation,
merger, dissolution, sale of assets or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the
terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such
action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the rights of the holder of this Warrant against impairment. 

 6. Representations
and Warranties of the Holder . This Warrant is issued to the Holder in reliance upon the following representations and warranties
made by the Holder to the Company: 

(a)
 Acquired Entirely for Own Account . This Warrant is, and the Warrant Shares to be issued upon exercise of this Warrant
will be, acquired by the Holder for investment for the Holder's own account, not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to the resale
or distribution of any part thereof except as permitted by the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, and that the Holder
has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same. The Holder further represents
that the Holder does not presently have any contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement with any person to Transfer or grant participations
to such person or to any third person, with respect to this Warrant or the Warrant Shares. The Holder has not been formed for the specific
purpose of acquiring the Securities. 

 (b) Restricted
Securities . The Holder understands that this Warrant and the Warrant Shares have not been, and will not be, registered under the
Securities Act, by reason of a specific exemption from the registration provisions of the Securities Act which depends upon, among
other things, the bona fide nature of the investment intent and the accuracy of the Holder s representations as expressed herein.
The Holder understands that the Securities are restricted securities under applicable U.S. federal and state securities
laws and that, pursuant to these laws, the Holder must hold the Warrant Shares indefinitely unless they are registered with the
Securities and Exchange Commission and qualified by state authorities, or an exemption from such registration and qualification
requirements is available. The Holder acknowledges that the Company has no obligation to register or qualify the Warrant Shares for
resale. The Holder further acknowledges that if an exemption from registration or qualification is available, it may be conditioned
on various requirements including, but not limited to, the time and manner of sale, the holding period for the Warrant Shares, and
on requirements relating to the Company which are outside of the Holder's control, and which the Company is under no obligation and
may not be able to satisfy. 

4 

(c) 
 No Public Market . The Holder understands that no public market now exists for any of the securities issued by the Company, and
that the Company has made no assurances that a public market will ever exist for the Warrant Shares. 

 (d)
 Accredited Investor . The Holder is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501 (a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities
Act. 

7. Lock-up
Agreement . If requested by the Company or any underwriter in connection with an Initial Public Offering (as defined below),
the Holder will agree not to sell, make any short sale of, loan, grant any option for the purchase of, or otherwise dispose of any
securities of the Company (other than any securities specifically in the registration for the Initial Public Offering) without the
prior written consent of the Company or such underwriter, as the case may be, for such period of time as may be requested by the
Company or such underwriter, such period not to exceed (x) 180 days plus (y) such extension or extensions as may be required by the
underwriter in order to publish research reports while complying with the rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. The
Holder agrees to execute such written agreements reflecting the foregoing as may be requested by the underwriters at the time of
Initial Public Offering. In order to enforce the foregoing covenants, the Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect
to the securities of the Holder. 

8. Termination .
This Warrant (and the right to purchase Warrant Shares upon exercise hereof) shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of the following
(the Expiration Date ): (i) the seventh (7 th anniversary of the date of this Warrant; (ii) the closing
of an initial public offering of the Company's securities (an IPO or (iii) the consummation of a Deemed Liquidation
Event. As used herein, a Deemed Liquidation Event means (a) if such term is used and defined in the Company's Certificate
of Incorporation as then in effect, the meaning given to such term and (b) if not, any of: (1) the acquisition of a majority of the voting
capital stock Company (or its successor by way of merger) by a third party or group of third parties, by means of any transaction or
series of related transactions, including any stock acquisition, reorganization, merger or consolidation (but excluding any sale of stock
principally for bona fide capital raising purposes, or a transaction or series of related transactions in which the holders of the voting
securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such transaction or series of related transactions continue to hold at least
a majority o the voting power of the surviving or resulting entity in substantially the same proportions); (2) a sale, lease, exclusive
license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole by means
of any transaction or series of related transactions (except where such sale, lease or other disposition is to a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Corporation); or (3) any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary. 

5 

9. Notices
of Certain Transactions . In case of (i) a Deemed Liquidation Event; (ii) an IPO; (iii) the Company's common stock being listed
on a securities exchange or quoted on any inter-dealer quotation system; or (iv) any capital reorganization or reclassification of the
Company's capital stock, then, and in each such case, the Company will provide written notice to the Holder specifying, as the case may
be, the effective date on which such Deemed Liquidation Event, Public Offering, reorganization or reclassification is to take place,
and the time, if any is to be fixed, as of which the holders of record of common stock of the Company are to be determined. Such notice
shall be given by the Company at least (x) 10 business days prior to the record date or effective date for the event specified in such
notice, or (y) if the record date or effective date is less than 10 business days from the date on which the Company reasonably determines
that the event will in fact occur, such lesser number of days. 

10. Reservation
of Stock . The Company will at all times reserve and keep available sufficient number of shares of common stock and, if applicable,
preferred stock for issuance and delivery upon the exercise in full of this Warrant. If at any time prior to the Expiration Date or earlier
termination of this Warrant the number of authorized but unissued shares of common stock and, if applicable, preferred stock shall not
be sufficient to permit exercise in full of this Warrant, then the Company shall promptly take such corporate action as is necessary
to increase the Company s authorized but unissued shares of common stock and, if applicable, preferred stock to such number of
shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes. 

11. Replacement .
Upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation oft his Warrant and (in
the case of loss, theft or destruction) upon delivery of an indemnity agreement (without any obligation for surety or bond), or (in the
case of mutilation) upon surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the Company will issue, in lieu thereof, a new Warrant of like tenor. 

12. No
Rights as Stockholder . Until the exercise of this Warrant and delivery of the Warrant Shares in respect thereof, the Holder shall
not have or exercise any rights by virtue hereof as a stockholder of the Company. 

13. No
Fractional Shares . No fractional shares of stock will be issued in connection with any exercise hereunder. In lieu of any fractional
shares which would otherwise be issuable, the Company shall pay cash equal to the product of such fraction multiplied by the fair market
value of one Warrant Share on the date of exercise, as determined in accordance with Section 3(b). 

14. Amendment
or Waiver . No term of this Warrant may be amended or waived except pursuant to an instrument in writing signed by the Company
and the Holder. 

15. Headings .
The headings in this Warrant are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting any provision of
this Warrant. 

16. Governing
Law . This Warrant shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without
giving effect to principles of conflicts of laws. 

17. Survival
of Representations . The warranties, representations and covenants of the parties contained in this Warrant shall survive the
execution and delivery of this Warrant. 

18. Successors
and Assigns . The terms and conditions of this Warrant shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the permitted successors
and assigns of the parties. The terms and conditions of this Warrant shall be binding upon any purported successor, assignee or transferee
of the Holder, this Warrant or any Warrant Shares, notwithstanding that such purported succession, assignment or Transfer was not valid
and is not recognized by the Company. Nothing in this Warrant, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other than the
parties hereto any rights, remedies, obligations, or liabilities under or by reason of this Warrant, except as expressly provided in
this Warrant. 

6 

19. Counterparts .
This Warrant may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute
one instrument. 

 20. Severability .
If one or more provisions of this Warrant are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, such provision shall be excluded from this
Warrant, the balance of this Warrant shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and shall be enforceable in accordance
with its terms. 

 21. Delays
or Omissions . No delay or omission to exercise any right, power or remedy accruing to any party under this Warrant, upon any
breach or default of any other party under this Warrant, shall impair any such right, power or remedy of such non-breaching or non-defaulting
party nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of any such breach or default, or an acquiescence therein, or of or in any similar breach
or default thereafter occurring; nor shall any waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default
theretofore or thereafter occurring. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind or character on the part of any party of any
breach or default under this Warrant, or any waiver on the part of any party of any provisions or conditions of this Warrant, must be
in writing and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in such writing. All remedies, either under this Warrant
or by law or otherwise afforded to any party, shall be cumulative and not alternative. 

 22. Notices .
Any notice required or permitted by this Warrant shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient upon delivery, when delivered personally
or by overnight courier or sent by facsimile, or 48 hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail, as certified or registered mail, with
postage prepaid, addressed to the party to be notified at such party's address as set forth on the signature page, or as subsequently
modified by written notice. 

 23. Entire
Agreement . This Warrant, and the documents referred to herein constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto pertaining
to the subject matter hereof, and any and all other written or oral agreements relating to the subject matter hereof existing between
the parties hereto are expressly canceled. 

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS] 

7 

The
 Company and th e
 Holder have executed thi s
 Warrant to as of the
date first written above. 

MONOGRAM
ORTHOPAEDICS INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Benjamin Sexson 

Name: 
 Title: 
 Benjamin Sexson CEO 

Agreed
to and Accepted : 

PRO-DEX, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Rick Van Kirk 
 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 Rick Van Kirk President and CEO 

Hold e r' s
 Address for
 Notice: 

 Pro-Dex,
Inc . 

 2361
McGaw Avenue 

 Irvine ,
 CA 92614 

Attention:
Rick Van Kirk , CEO 

8 

EXHIBIT
A 

 EXERCISE
NOTICE 

 (To
be executed by the Holder of Warrant if such Holder desires to exercise Warrant) 

To Monogram Orthopaedics Inc.: The undersigned hereby
irrevocably elects to exercise this Warrant and to purchase thereunder, ________ [Common Shares][preferred Shares] (the Warrant
Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant. Payment for the Warrant Shares is hereby made: 

 __ by delivery of (in cash
as provided for in the foregoing Warrant) and any applicable taxes payable by the undersigned pursuant to such Warrant. 

 __ cashless exercise
pursuant to Section 3(b) of the Warrant. The undersigned requests that certificates for such shares be issued in the name of: 

(Please print name, address, and social security or federal
 employer identification number (if applicable) 

If the
shares issuable upon this exercise ofthe Warrant are not all of the Warrant Shares that the Holder is entitled to acquire upon the exercise
of the Warrant, the undersigned requests that a new Warrant evidencing the rights not so exercised be issued in the name of and delivered
to: 

(Please print name, address, and social security or federal
 employer identification number (if applicable) 

Name
of Holder (print): ____________________ 

 (Signature): _____________________________ 

 (By:) __________________________________ 

(Title:) _________________________________ 

Dated: _______, ___ 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-10.32>
 4
 ex10x32.htm
 WARRANT EXERCISE SIDE LETTER

Exhibit
10.32 

Pro-Dex, Inc. 

 2361 McGaw Avenue 

 Irvine,
CA 92614 

October 2nd, 2023 

Monogram Orthopaedics Inc. 

 3913 Todd Lane,
Suite 307 

 Austin, TX 78744 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Reference is hereby made to that certain
Warrant to Purchase Stock, dated December 20, 2018 (the Warrant ), made by Monogram Orthopaedics Inc., a Delaware corporation Monogram ), in favor of Pro-Dex, Inc., a Colorado corporation Pro-Dex ). Capitalized terms that are used
but not defined in this letter agreement shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Warrant. The execution date Effective
Date of this letter agreement is October 2nd, 2023. 

Certain Defined Terms 

For purposes of this letter agreement: 

Approved
Incentive Plan means an equity incentive plan of Monogram that has been approved by both a majority of Monogram s board
of directors and a majority of Monogram s voting capital stock. 

Warrant
Coverage Issuance means any and all issuances of securities by Monogram during a Warrant Coverage Measurement Period, whether
as part of a single offering or issuance or multiple offerings and issuances, and whether of a single or multiple types, series or classes
of securities, or any combination of any of the foregoing, but excluding in each instance any Excluded Securities . 

Warrant Coverage
Measurement Period means (a) for the initial Warrant Coverage Measurement Period, the period commencing on the Effective Date
and ending on March 31, 2024, and (b) for each subsequent Warrant Coverage Measurement Period, the six month period following the last
day of the immediately preceding Warrant Coverage Measurement Period (with each such subsequent Warrant Coverage Measurement Period ending
on sequential March 31sts and September 30iths). 

Agreement by Pro-Dex 

Pro-Dex hereby agrees to exercise the
Warrant in full in cash for common stock of Monogram pursuant to Section 3(a) thereof within five (5) business days after the Effective
Date. 

Agreement by Monogra m 

In consideration for Pro-Dex s agreement
to exercise the Warrant on the terms set forth above: 

(a) If Monogram engages in or otherwise
consummates a Warrant Coverage Issuance during a Warrant Coverage Measurement Period that results in Monogram receiving, or having the
right to receive, gross proceeds of 5,000,000 or more during such Warrant Coverage Measurement Period, then Monogram shall issue Pro-Dex
a warrant to be exercised in cash to purchase 5 (calculated after giving effect to such issuance to Pro-Dex) of the types, series and
classes of securities issued during such Warrant Coverage Measurement Period at a price equal to the total gross proceeds received over
the Warrant Coverage Measurement Period divided by the number of securities issues during that same period, net of any Excluded Securities,
and on terms at least as favorable to Pro-Dex as the most favorable terms pursuant to which any such securities of such respective types,
series and classes are acquired, or that may be acquired, by any investor or acquiror during such Warrant Coverage Measurement Period
(each, a Coverage Warrant ). Each Coverage Warrant shall be issued to Pro-Dex within ten (10) business day after the last
day of the applicable Warrant Coverage Measurement Period, shall have a term of six (6) months from the date of issuance and, unless
otherwise agreed to in writing by Pro-Dex in its sole and absolute discretion, shall have other provisions consistent with the provisions
of the Warrant. Pro-Dex s rights under this paragraph shall expire on December 31, 2025 and shall apply to all Warrant Coverage
Issuances conducted from time to time, and at any time, by Monogram prior to that date. Monogram shall not structure any securities offering
or take any other action with the purpose or intent of depriving, or otherwise engage in any plan or scheme to deprive, Pro-Dex of its
rights under this paragraph. 

(b) Monogram shall grant Pro-Dex piggyback
registration rights for all Monogram securities from time to time owned by Pro-Dex on terms at least as favorable to Pro-Dex as Monogram
may at any time grant piggyback (or equivalent) registration rights to any other holder of Monogram securities. 

Filings 

The parties understand
and consent to this letter agreement being included as an exhibit, as required, to each party s respective filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. 

Miscellaneous 

This letter agreement contains the entire
understanding between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and all prior or contemporaneous agreements, understandings,
representations, and statements, whether oral or written, concerning the subject matter hereof are merged herein, and shall be of no
force or effect. This letter agreement may only be amended, modified or supplemented by an agreement in writing signed by both parties.
No waiver by either party of any of the provisions hereof shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and signed by the
party so waiving. Except as otherwise set forth in this letter agreement, no failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right,
remedy, power or privilege arising from this letter agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single
or partial exercise 

of any right, remedy, power or privilege
hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. 

The parties have participated jointly
in the negotiation and drafting of this letter agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this
letter agreement will be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties, and no presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or
disfavoring either party by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this letter agreement. 

This letter agreement shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns of each of the parties. Monogram shall not assign any benefit or
delegate any obligation under this letter agreement without the prior written consent of Pro-Dex. 

This letter will be governed by and construed
and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to principles of conflicts of law. The exclusive jurisdiction
and venue for all actions, suits or proceedings arising out of or based upon this letter or the subject matter hereof shall be the state
courts (or if the state courts do not have appropriate jurisdiction, then the federal courts) within the County of Orange, California.
In the event that any claim, suit, action, or proceeding is instituted or commenced by either party against the other party arising out
of or related to this letter agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys fees and arbitration
or court costs from the non-prevailing party. 

This letter agreement may be executed
in counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original. This letter agreement may be delivered
by facsimile transmission or in .pdf or similar electronic format, and facsimile, .pdf, or other electronic copies of executed signature
pages shall be binding as originals. 

[signature page follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed
this letter agreement effective as of the day and year first written above. 

Pro-Dex, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Rick Van Kirk 

Name: 
 Title: 
 Rick Van Kirk CEO 

Monogram Orthopaedics Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Benjamin Sexon 

Name: 
 Title: 
 Benjamin Sexson CEO 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-21>
 5
 ex21.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES

EXHIBIT 21 

 PRO-DEX, INC. 

 Subsidiaries 

Name 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 
 
 PDEX Franklin LLC 
 California 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 6
 ex23.htm
 CONSENT

EXHIBIT 23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
on Form S-3 (No. 333-215032) and Form S-8 (No. 333-214944, No. 333-201825, No. 333-179536, No. 333-141178 and No. 333-112133) of
Pro-Dex, Inc. (the Company ), of our report dated October 13, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of
the Company (which report expresses an unqualified opinion and includes an explanatory paragraph relating to the correction of errors),
appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

/s/ Moss Adams LLP 

Irvine, California 

 October 13, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex31x1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the 

 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 I, Richard L. Van Kirk, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Pro-Dex, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 13, 2023 
 
 /s/ Richard L. Van
 Kirk 
 Richard L. Van Kirk 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex31x2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

Certifications of Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the 

 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 I, Alisha K. Charlton, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Pro-Dex, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 13, 2023 
 
 /s/ Alisha K. Charlton 
 Alisha K. Charlton 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (principal financial officer and 
 principal accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 9
 ex32.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32 

 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer 

 In connection with the annual
report on Form 10-K of Pro-Dex Inc. (the Company for the annual period ended June 30, 2022 (the Report ),
the undersigned hereby certifies in their capacities as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

 1. The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

 2. The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 13, 2023 
 
 By: /s/ Richard L.
 Van Kirk 
 Richard L. Van Kirk 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
 (principal executive officer) 

Date: October 13, 2023 
 
 By: /s/ Alisha K.
 Charlton 
 Alisha K. Charlton 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (principal financial officer and 
 principal accounting officer) 

A signed original of this
written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signatures
that appear in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the
Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 pdex-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 pdex-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 pdex-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 pdex-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

