<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231023_10-K_edgar_data_1557798_0001683168-23-007330.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4127476</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>135360</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>800357</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>934566</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>948640</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1217654</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-007330.hdr.sgml : 20231023
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231020215228
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-007330
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231023
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231020

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Tianci International, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001557798
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				455440446
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-184061
		FILM NUMBER:		231338373

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 RYLAND STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200-A
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89502
		BUSINESS PHONE:		509-768-2249

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 RYLAND STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200-A
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89502

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Steampunk Wizards, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150702

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FREEDOM PETROLEUM INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120910

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-007330.txt : 20231023

10-K
 1
 tianci_i10k-073123.htm
 FORM 10-K FOR JULY 2023

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 _____________________ 

FORM 

 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2023 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____ to _____ 

Commission File No. 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer I.D. No.) 

, , 
 , USA 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

Registrant s Telephone Number: - 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 None 
 None 
 Not Applicable 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 406 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files.) No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company. or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check One) 

Large accelerated Filer 
 Accelerated Filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if
the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of January 31. 2023 (the last business day of the most recently
completed second fiscal quarter) the aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates was . 

As of October 20, 2023, there were shares of common stock
outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: None 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS: NO ASSURANCES INTENDED 

This Annual Report contains certain forward-looking
statements regarding Tianci International, Inc., its business and financial prospects. All statements that address events or developments
that we expect or anticipate will occur in the future are forward-looking statements. These statements represent Management s best
estimate of what will happen. Nevertheless, there are numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ dramatically
from the results suggested in this Report, including the contingencies described in this Report under Item 1A titled Risk Factors . 

Because these and other risks may cause the Company s
actual results to differ from those anticipated by Management, the reader should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements
that appear in this Report. 

PART 1 

Item 1. Business 

The Share Exchange 

On March 6, 2023 Tianci International, Inc. Tianci ),
which had previously been a shell corporation with no business operations, completed a share exchange with RQS Capital Limited RQS
Capital ), in which RQS Capital transferred all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of RQS United Group Limited RQS
United to Tianci, and Tianci issued to RQS Capital 1,500,000 shares of its common stock and paid a cash price of 350,000
(the Share Exchange ). 

RQS United is a holding company incorporated in
the Republic of Seychelles. RQS United has no operations other than holding 90 of the outstanding share capital of its subsidiary, Roshing
International Co., Ltd., a company organized under the laws of Hong Kong Roshing ). Shufang Gao and
Ying Deng, who are officers and members of Tianci's Board of Directors are also officers and directors of Roshing. Ying Deng owns the
10 of Roshing that is not owned by RQS United. 

The Share Exchange has been accounted for as a
 reverse acquisition effected as a recapitalization, wherein RQS United was considered the acquirer for accounting and
financial reporting purposes. The assets and liabilities of the acquired entity have been brought forward at their book value and no goodwill
has been recognized on Tianci s financial statements. 

The Business of Roshing 

Roshing was incorporated on June 22, 2011 and is
engaged in the sale of components of electronic devices, development of software and websites, technical consulting, and providing maintenance
support on customized software. Roshing s business is primarily carried out in Hong Kong, although we realize a substantial portion
of our software development and related services revenue in Singapore. 

To date, Roshing has carried on operations in five
categories: 

a. Electronic Device Hardware Components Product
Sales 

Roshing distributes hardware components to manufacturers
of electronic devices. Roshing s product line includes high performance computer chips, Wi-Fi modules, Bluetooth modules, 4G network
modules, LED screens, and touch screens. Roshing markets off-the-shelf products, which it ships directly from the manufacturer to Roshing s
customer. 

2 

b. Software and Website Development Services 

Roshing develops customized freight shipping and
related logistic software and websites. The software helps wholesalers, ecommerce retailers, and freight forwarders to manage complex
workflows and improve work efficiency by enabling shipping workflow management, sea shipping container management, ecommerce inventory
and shipping management, and logistics data analysis. 

c. Technical Consulting and Training Services 

Roshing provides technical consulting and training
services to help customers, generally its existing customers, to better understand and properly use its customized software and related
hardware. Services are generally carried out on a per-time fixed rate basis. 

d. Software Maintenance and Business Promotion
Services 

Roshing provides software maintenance service to
keep customer s software up to date. Roshing also assists customers in promoting business with ongoing marketing support. The Company
charges a flat rate for a fixed duration on a subscription basis, generally 12 months. 

e. Business Consulting Services 

Roshing assists business enterprises in preparing
applications for immigration and non-immigration visas. Roshing performs background checks and cash analysis, then assists the client
in preparing the visa application(s). The Company charges a flat fee for these services. 

Moving forward, by leveraging the professional
experience and market resources of the senior management team, Roshing is expected to provide a wide variety of shipping freight
forward services, including sea freight forwarding, air freight forwarding, trucking, and warehousing. 

Marketing 

Roshing markets its hardware products directly
to the electronic device industry and markets its software directly to wholesalers. In each case, the primary method of marketing is participation
by our engineering staff in events such as expos, seminars and industry association meetings that are focused on our target markets. We
present Roshing as a valuable assistant to the customer, with the goal of developing a long-term relationship with repeat orders. As a
result of this strategic focus, almost 96 of our sales during fiscal year 2022 were made to just five customers, and 52 of our sales
during fiscal year 2023 were made to two customers. 

Vendors 

Roshing distributes electronic components manufactured
by a variety of vendors. There is no vendor that, were our relationship to terminate, we could not adequately replace promptly. 

3 

Roshing employs two software engineers and a logistics
project manager, who are together dedicated to fulfillment of the software development contracts entered by Roshing. When the flow of
software development contracts exceeds the production capacities of those three employees, Roshing subcontracts to third party developers
that it has tested for competence. 

The core software package that Roshing markets
to wholesalers was designed under an Entrusted Custom Development Protocol signed by Roshing and Vendor A. The Protocol provides for Vendor
A s continued involvement in Roshing s marketing of software, detailing the terms under which Roshing may engage Vendor A
to develop specific applications of the software package for customers of Roshing. 

Competition 

Roshing competes in all of its market operations
with a large number of competitors, big and small. Roshing competes based on the quality of its services and attention to the needs of
its customers. Specifically, we focus on the following factors to capture customer preference: 

Commitment
to product and service quality, development, and innovation. 

Our emphasis on highly customized software solutions and high-quality
hardware products attaches an aura of quality to our market presence. 

Comprehensive
and high standard product range. 

We offer a wide range of high quality and sophisticated hardware
component products. 

Special
focus on logistic industry 

Our software-related services provide a comprehensive solution
for customers in the logistic industry. 

Employees 

Roshing has eight employees in addition to its
directors: Shufang Gao and Ying Deng. Two employees are focused on marketing and administration; the remaining six are engineers or project
managers. Roshing believes its relations with its employees are good. 

Our Plan for the Future 

Our plan is to rely on the following key factors
to enable the growth of our business. 

Our ability to retain and increase customers 

Our ability to increase our revenues and our profitability
will depend on our ability to retain our existing customers as well as to continue to increase our customer base and revenue per customer.
To achieve this, we strive to increase our marketing efforts and to enhance the quality and capabilities of our software solutions. Currently
we have customers in Hong Kong and Singapore, and we expect to continue expanding our business to other countries of the Asia-Pacific
region. 

4 

Investment in talent 

We believe that a core element of the competitiveness
of our business is talent. To retain existing and attract potential customers, we will continue to rely on our people and their knowledge
and experience in the industry. We intend to acquire top talent to keep pace with the growth of our target industries and continue to
offer cutting-edge hardware and software solutions. 

Our ability to pursue strategic opportunities for growth 

To enhance Roshing s capabilities, we intend
to pursue strategic acquisitions and make investments in select technologies and businesses, particularly in industries with which our
senior management has experience. We believe that a solid acquisition and investment strategy will be critical for us to accelerate our
growth and strengthen our competitive position in the future. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Investing in our common stock involves risk.
You should carefully consider the risks described below together with all of the other information contained in this Report, including
the financial statements and the related notes, before deciding whether to purchase any shares of our common stock. If any of the following
risks is realized, our business, financial condition or operating results could materially suffer. In that event, the trading price of
our common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

I. RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 

We have a limited operating history and face significant challenges
and will incur substantial expenses as we build our capabilities. 

We have a limited operating history and are subject
to the risks inherent in a growing company, including, among other things, risks that we may not be able to hire sufficient qualified
personnel and establish operating controls and procedures. As we build our own capabilities, we expect to encounter risks and uncertainties
frequently experienced by growing companies in new and rapidly evolving fields, including the risks and uncertainties related to the evolving
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and those described herein. If we are unable to build our own capabilities, our operating and financial
results could differ materially from our expectations, and our business could suffer. 

We are currently dependent on a small group of customers for
most of our revenue. If we cannot expand our customer base many-fold, our business will not be successful. 

The revenue generated to date by our business has
come from a small number of customers. During the year ended July 31, 2022, five customers were responsible for over 95 of our revenue.
During the year ended July 31, 2023, two customers were responsible for over 52 of our revenue. In order for Tianci to be viable as a
public company, we must multiply our revenue many-fold. To accomplish that, we must dramatically expand our customer base. If we fail
to multiply our customers, Tianci s stock will have no significant value. 

If we are unable to hire, retain or motivate qualified personnel,
consultants, independent contractors, and advisors, we may not be able to grow effectively. 

Our performance will be largely dependent on the
talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals that we attract to our company. Our future success depends on our continuing ability
to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly qualified personnel for all areas of our organization: technological as well as
entrepreneurial. Competition for such qualified employees is intense. If we do not succeed in attracting competent personnel or in retaining
or motivating them, we may be unable to grow effectively. In addition, our future success depends largely on our ability to retain key
consultants and advisors. Our inability to retain their services could negatively impact our business and our ability to execute our business
strategy. 

5 

We do not presently maintain fire, theft, product liability or
any other property insurance, which leaves us with exposure in the event of loss or damage to our properties or claims filed against us.

We do not maintain fire, theft, product liability
or other insurance of any kind. We bear the economic risk with respect to loss of or damage or destruction to our property and to the
interruption of our business, as well as liability to third parties for damage or destruction to them or their property that may be caused
by our personnel or products. Such liability could be substantial and the occurrence of such loss or liability may have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and prospects. 

II. RISKS RELATED TO DOING BUSINESS IN HONG KONG 

All our operations are in Hong Kong. However, due to the long
arm provisions under the current PRC laws and regulations, the Chinese government may exercise significant oversight and discretion over
the conduct of our business and may intervene in or influence our operations at any time, which could result in a material change in our
operations and/or the value of our common stock. 

Tianci is a holding company and we conduct our
operation through our operating subsidiary Roshing in Hong Kong. Our operations are primarily located in Hong Kong and a few of our clients
are PRC corporations. At the present time, we are not materially affected by recent statements by the Chinese Government indicating an
intent to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers.
However, due to long arm provisions under the current PRC laws and regulations, there remains regulatory uncertainty with respect to the
implementation of Chinese law in Hong Kong. The PRC government may choose to exercise significant oversight and discretion, and the policies,
regulations, rules, and the enforcement of laws of the Chinese government to which we are subject may change rapidly and with little advance
notice to us or our shareholders. These laws and regulations may be interpreted and applied inconsistently by different agencies or authorities,
and inconsistently with our current policies and practices. New laws, regulations, and other government directives in the PRC may also
be costly to comply with. 

We are aware that recently the PRC government initiated
a series of regulatory actions and statements to regulate business operations in certain areas in China with little advance notice, including
cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision over China-based companies listed overseas using
variable interest entity structure, adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement.
Since these statements and regulatory actions are new, it is highly uncertain how soon legislative or administrative regulation making
bodies will respond and what existing or new laws or regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations will be modified or promulgated,
if any, and the potential impact such modified or new laws and regulations will have on our daily business operation, the ability to accept
foreign investments and list on an U.S. or other foreign exchange. 

China s government may intervene or influence
our operations at any time or may exert more control over offerings conducted overseas and foreign investment in China-based issuers,
which may result in a material change in our operations and/or the value of our common stock. The promulgation of new laws or regulations,
or the new interpretation of existing laws and regulations, in each case that restrict or otherwise unfavorably impact the ability or
way we conduct our business and could require us to change certain aspects of our business to ensure compliance, which could decrease
demand for our services, reduce revenues, increase costs, require us to obtain more licenses, permits, approvals or certificates, or subject
us to additional liabilities. To the extent any new or more stringent measures are required to be implemented, our business, financial
condition and results of operations could be adversely affected as well as materially decrease the value of our common stock. 

6 

We will rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid
by our Hong Kong subsidiary to fund any cash and financing requirements we may have. In the future, the PRC government may impose restrictions
on our ability to transfer funds out of Hong Kong to fund operations or for other use outside of Hong Kong. Any limitation on the ability
of our subsidiary to make payments to us could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business and might materially
decrease the value of our common stock. 

We are a holding company incorporated in the United
States, and we rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our subsidiary in Hong Kong for our cash and financing requirements,
including the funds necessary to pay dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders and service any debt we may incur. If
our subsidiary incurs debt on its own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends
or make other distributions to us. 

Under the current practice of the Inland Revenue
Department of Hong Kong, no tax is payable in Hong Kong in respect of dividends paid by Roshing. The PRC laws and regulations
do not currently have any material impact on transfers of cash from Roshing to Tianci or from Tianci to Roshing. However, the Chinese
government may, in the future, impose restrictions or limitations on our ability to transfer money out of Hong Kong, to distribute earnings
and pay dividends to and from the other entities within our organization, or to reinvest in our business outside of Hong Kong. Such restrictions
and limitations, if imposed in the future, may delay or hinder the expansion of our business to outside of Hong Kong and may affect our
ability to receive funds from our operating subsidiary in Hong Kong. The promulgation of new laws or regulations, or the new interpretation
of existing laws and regulations, in each case, that restrict or otherwise unfavorably impact the ability or way we conduct our business,
could require us to change certain aspects of our business to ensure compliance, which could decrease demand for our services, reduce
revenues, increase costs, require us to obtain more licenses, permits, approvals or certificates, or subject us to additional liabilities.
To the extent any new or more stringent measures are implemented, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be
adversely affected and such measured could materially decrease the value of our common stock. 

Changes in international trade policies, trade disputes, barriers
to trade, or the emergence of a trade war may dampen growth in Hong Kong, China and other markets where the majority of our clients reside. 

Political events, international trade disputes,
and other business interruptions could harm or disrupt international commerce and the global economy, and could have a material adverse
effect on us and our customers, service providers, and other partners. International trade disputes could result in tariffs and other
protectionist measures which may materially and adversely affect our business. 

Tariffs could increase the cost of the goods and
products which could affect customers investment decisions. In addition, political uncertainty surrounding international trade
disputes and the potential of the escalation to a trade war could have a negative effect on customer confidence, which could materially
and adversely affect our business. We may also have access to fewer business opportunities, and our operations may be negatively impacted
as a result. In addition, the current and future actions or escalations by either the United States or China that affect trade relations
may cause global economic turmoil and potentially have a negative impact on our markets, our business, or our results of operations, as
well as the financial condition of our customers. and we cannot provide any assurances as to whether such actions will occur or the form
that they may take. 

Under the Basic Law of the Hong Kong Special Administrative
Region of the People s Republic of China, Hong Kong is exclusively in charge of its internal affairs and external relations, while
the government of the PRC is responsible for its foreign affairs and defense. As a separate customs territory, Hong Kong maintains and
develops relations with foreign states and regions. However, based on recent political development, the U.S. State Department has indicated
that the United States no longer considers Hong Kong to have significant autonomy from China. Hong Kong s preferential trade status
was removed by the United States government and the United States may impose the same tariffs and other trade restrictions on exports
from Hong Kong that it places on goods from mainland China. These and other recent actions may represent an escalation in political and
trade tensions involving the U.S, China and Hong Kong, which could potentially harm our business. 

7 

III. RISKS RELATED TO AN INVESTMENT IN OUR COMMON STOCK 

Even if a market for our common stock develops, the stock price
is nevertheless likely to be volatile. You may have difficulty obtaining a price for your shares that you consider reasonable. 

Although Tianci s common stock is listed
for trading on the OTC Pink Market maintained by OTC Markets, the market for the common stock is very thin, with only occasional trades
at prices that increase or decrease significantly and suddenly. Therefore, if an investor wants to sell shares, there may be no buyer
available, or the price offered may be less than the actual value of the shares. Unless and until significant daily volume occurs in the
trading market for our shares, the price of the common stock will be affected by many factors that are beyond our control and may not
be directly related to our operating performance. As a result of these factors, you cannot be assured that when you are ready to sell
your shares, the market price will accurately reflect the value of your shares or that you will be able to obtain a reasonable price for
your shares. 

Our CEO beneficially owns the majority of our outstanding stock
and, accordingly, will have control over stockholder matters, the Company s business and management. 

Shufang Gao, the Chief Executive Officer of Tianci,
through his holding company owns securities with 68 of the voting power in Tianci. As a result, Mr. Gao will have the ability to: 

Elect or defeat the election of our directors; 

Amend or prevent amendment of our articles of incorporation or bylaws; 

Effect or prevent a merger, sale of assets or other corporate transaction; and 

Affect the outcome of any other matter submitted to the stockholders for vote. 

Moreover, because of the significant ownership
position held by Mr. Gao, new investors will not be able to effect a change in the Company s business or management, and therefore,
shareholders would be subject to decisions made by management and the majority shareholder. 

In addition, Management s stock ownership
may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us, which in turn could reduce
our stock price or prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium over our stock price. 

The sale of securities by us in any equity or debt financing
could result in dilution to our existing stockholders and have a material adverse effect on our earnings. 

Our Board of Directors is authorized to issue up
to 100,000,000 shares of common stock and up to 20,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock. Our Board of Directors has the authority
to issue additional shares of common stock without consent of any of our stockholders. In addition, our Articles of Incorporation provide
that the Board can designate the voting rights, liquidation rights, dividend rights and other rights of holders of the preferred stock.
The Board, therefore, could use the Preferred Stock to give an investor group disproportionate voting rights or priority over the common
stock in the allocation of benefits from the operations of Roshing, including preferential dividends. The Board could also use the Preferred
Stock to create a poison pill to prevent a takeover of Tianci that might be considered beneficial by the common shareholders. 

Any sale of common stock by us in a future private
placement offering could result in dilution to the existing stockholders as a direct result of our issuance of additional shares of our
capital stock. In addition, our business strategy may include expansion through internal growth by acquiring complementary businesses,
acquiring, or licensing additional brands, or establishing strategic relationships with targeted customers and suppliers. In order to
do so, or to finance the cost of our other activities, we may issue additional equity securities that could dilute our stockholders 
stock ownership. We may also assume additional debt and incur impairment losses related to goodwill and other tangible assets, and this
could negatively impact our earnings and results of operations. 

8 

Because we will be subject to penny stock rules,
the level of trading activity in our stock may be reduced. 

Until we are able to secure a listing for our common
stock on a national securities exchange, it is likely that our common stock will be classified as a penny stock . Penny stocks
generally are equity securities with a price of less than 5.00 (other than securities registered on some national securities exchanges).
Broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks are regulated by penny stock rules adopted by the
Securities and Exchange Commission. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise
exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the nature
and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for
the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market
maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market, and monthly account statements
showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. In addition, broker-dealers who sell these securities
to persons other than established customers and accredited investors must make a special written determination that the
penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. Consequently,
these requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity, if any, in the secondary market for a security subject
to the penny stock rules. If a trading market does develop for our common stock, these regulations will likely be applicable, and investors
in our common stock may find it difficult to sell their shares. 

FINRA sales practice requirements may limit a stockholder s
ability to buy and sell our stock. 

FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending
an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer.
Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts
to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations
of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least
some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which
may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in our common stock. As a result, fewer broker-dealers may be willing to
make a market in our common stock, reducing a stockholder s ability to resell shares of our common stock. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable. 

Item 1B. Cybersecurity 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties 

The executive offices of Roshing are located in
Hong Kong at 2/F No. 18, Area 2, So Kuwn Wat Village, Tuen Mun Hong Kong. Roshing leases the offices for a monthly rent of HKD 3,000 (@
U.S. 386). The lease terminates on January 12, 2025. 

Roshing also utilized office space in Shenzhen,
China located at Building 8, 26/F, Suite 2605A, Qianhai Zhuoyue Jinrong Center (Phase 1) Unit 2, Guiwan Area, Nanshan District, Shenzhen.
Roshing used the space under a sublease that will terminate on August 31, 2024. The monthly rental (from 1,827 to 2,014) is paid by
Shufang Gao and Ying Deng, members of Tianci s Board of Directors and directors of Roshing, as a contribution to the capital of
RQS Limited. The sublease was terminated on May 31, 2023. 

Management believes the real property leased by
Roshing will be adequate for its operations for the foreseeable future. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

Neither Tianci International nor any of its subsidiaries
is party to material pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the product distribution business. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not Applicable. 

9 

PART II 

Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters And Issuer Purchases Of Equity Securities. 

(a) Market Information 

The Company s common stock is quoted on the
OTC Pink Market under the symbol CIIT . The quotations reported on the OTC Pink Market reflect inter-dealer prices without
retail markup, markdown or commissions, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

The Company's common stock is thinly traded. The
quoted bid and asked prices for the Common Stock vary significantly from week to week. An investor holding shares of the Company's Common
Stock may find it difficult to sell the shares and may find it impossible to sell more than a small number of shares at the quoted bid
price. 

(b) Shareholders 

Our shareholders list contains the names of 111
stockholders of record of the Company s Common Stock. 

(c) Dividends 

Any future decisions regarding dividends will be
made by our board of directors. We currently intend to retain and use any future earnings for the development and expansion of our business
and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Our board of directors has complete discretion on whether to
pay dividends, subject to the approval of our stockholders. Even if our board of directors decides to pay dividends, the form, frequency
and amount will depend upon our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual
restrictions and other factors that the board of directors may deem relevant. 

(d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under
Equity Compensation Plans 

The Company had no securities authorized for issuance
under equity compensation plans as of July 31, 2023. 

(e) Sale of Unregistered Securities 

The Company did not make
any sale of unregistered securities during the 4 th quarter of fiscal year 2023. 

(f) Repurchase of Equity Securities 

The Company did not repurchase any shares of its
common stock during the 4 th quarter of fiscal year 2023. 

10 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Overview 

On March 3, 2023, Tianci
acquired ownership of RQS United Group Limited, a company organized under the laws of the Republic of Seychelles RQS United ),
pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement dated March 3, 2023 among the Company, RQS United and RQS Capital Limited, the prior owner of
RQS Limited. 

RQS United is a holding
company incorporated in the Republic of Seychelles. RQS United has no operations other than holding 90 of the outstanding share capital
of its subsidiary, Roshing International Co., Ltd., a company organized under the laws of Hong Kong Roshing ).
Roshing was incorporated on June 22, 2011 and is engaged in the sale of components of electronic devices, development of software and
websites, technical consulting, and providing maintenance support on customized software. Roshing started also providing immigration-related
consulting services in the most recent quarter. Moving forward, by leveraging the professional experience and market resources of the
senior management team, Roshing is expected to provide a wide variety of freight forward services, including sea freight forwarding, air
freight forwarding, trucking, warehousing, and custom clearance services. Roshing s business is primarily carried out in Hong Kong,
although we realize a substantial portion of our software development revenue in Singapore. 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of the year ended July
31, 2023 and 2022 

For the year ended July 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 Change 
 Change Percentage 
 
 Revenues 
 452,409 
 752,839 
 (300,430 
 -40 
 
 Cost of Revenues 
 456,494 
 478,521 
 (22,027 
 -5 
 
 Gross (loss) income 
 (4,085 
 274,318 
 (278,403 
 -101 
 
 Selling and marketing 
 54,169 
 4,912 
 49,257 
 1003 
 
 General and administrative 
 285,740 
 77,590 
 208,150 
 268 
 
 (Loss) income from operations 
 (343,994 
 191,816 
 (535,810 
 -279 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 12,095 
 31,650 
 (19,555 
 -62 
 
 Net (loss) income 
 (356,089 
 160,166 
 (516,255 
 -322 
 
 Less: net (loss) income attributable to non-controlling interest 
 (14,879 
 16,017 
 (30,896 
 -193 
 
 Net (loss) income attributable to Tianci 
 (341,210 
 144,149 
 (485,359 
 -337 

Revenues 

During the year ended July
31, 2023, our revenue decreased by 300,430, or approximately 40 , to 452,409 for the year ended July 31, 2023 from 752,839 for the
year ended July 31, 2022. We experienced decline in both product and service revenues in 2023 due to diminishing market demand and our
reduction in marketing expenses. We expect our revenue to grow after we add freight forward services to our lines of business. 

11 

Our revenues from our
revenue categories are summarized as follows: 

For the Year Ended July 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Product Revenues 
 294,880 
 500,500 
 
 Service Revenues 
 157,529 
 252,339 

452,409 
 752,839 

Cost of Revenues 

Total cost of revenues
decreased by 22,027, or approximately 5 , to 456,494 for the year ended July 31, 2023 as compared to 478,521 for the year
ended July 31, 2022. Our cost of revenues from our revenue categories are summarized as follows: 

For the Year Ended July 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cost of Product 
 227,660 
 336,644 
 
 Cost of Service 
 228,834 
 141,877 

456,494 
 478,521 

The year-to-year decrease
in our cost of revenues is primarily attributable to the decrease in our revenue. Thus, our cost of revenues from hardware product sales
decreased to 227,660 for the year ended July 31, 2023, from 336,644 for the year ended July 31, 2022, as we experienced a 41 decrease
in hardware product sales. 

Nevertheless, overall cost
of revenue fell only 5 , while overall revenue fell by 40 . The disparity occurred because our cost of revenues from software related
services increased by 86,957 to 228,834 for the year ended July 31, 2023, from 141,877 for the year ended July 31, 2022.
The increase in cost of revenues from software related services resulted from our grant of common stock as an incentive to our internal
software developers. We recorded the 144,000 fair value of the shares as a cost of services. 

Gross Profit 

We had a gross loss of
 4,085 for the year ended July 31, 2023 compared to a gross profit of 274,318 for the year July 31, 2022, which was primarily due
to the reduction in revenue without a corresponding reduction in our overall cost of revenues, as discussed above. 

The gross profit margin
of hardware products decrease by 9.9 to 22.8 for the year ended July 31, 2023, from 32.7 for the year ended July 31, 2022, which was
primarily due to rising raw material cost and increasing market competition, which put downward pressure on our pricing. Our software
related services resulted in a 45.3 gross loss for the year ended July 31, 2023, again primarily due to the stock-based compensation
issued to our developers. 

12 

Operating Expenses 

There was significant change
in our total operating expenses, which were 339,909 and 82,502 for the year ended July 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Our operating
expenses primarily include payroll expenses, advertising and rent. The increase was partially due to the stock compensation valued at
 66,000 that we issued to the selling and general administrative personnel for their continued service after the reverse merger. The professional
fees and other costs incurred in connection with the Share Exchange in March 2023 also increased our operating expenses for fiscal year
2023. 

Income tax expense 

Our income tax expense
amounted to 12,095 and 31,650 for the year ended July 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively. The change was mainly due to the decrease
in profits subject to taxation in Hong Kong. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

In assessing our liquidity,
we monitor and analyze our cash on-hand and our operating expenditure commitments. Our liquidity needs are to meet our working capital
requirements and operating expenses obligations. As of July 31, 2023, our working capital deficit was (284,543), our cash amounted to
 256,342, our current assets were 312,226 and our current liabilities were 596,768. To date, we have financed our operations primarily
through capital contributions and advances from shareholders. At July 31, 2023 we owed 276,077 to related parties (See Note 3 of the
interim financial statement) and 240,800 to officers for compensation under their employment agreements. 

We believe our liquidity
and working capital will be sufficient to sustain our business operation for the next twelve months. We may, however, need additional
cash resources in the future if there are changes in business conditions or other developments or if the company finds and wishes to pursue
opportunities for investment, acquisition, capital expenditure, or similar actions. 

We are planning to enter the shipping freight
forwarding services in 2023, which may require significant capital expenditure for developing the business. If we determined that our
cash requirements exceed the amount of cash and cash equivalents we have on hand at the time, we may seek to issue equity or debt securities
or obtain credit facilities. The issuance and sale of additional equity may result in dilution to our shareholders. The incurrence of
indebtedness would result in increased fixed obligations and could result in operating covenants that would restrict our operations. Our
obligation to bear credit risk for certain financing transactions we facilitate may also strain our operating cash flow. We cannot assure
you that financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 

The following summarizes
the key components of our cash flows for the year ended July 31, 2023 and 2022. 

For the year ended 

July 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 324,581 
 (84,161 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 (89,476 
 85,148 
 
 Net change in cash and restricted cash 
 235,105 
 987 

13 

Operating activities 

Despite our net loss of
 356,089, net cash was provided by operating activities for the year ended July 31, 2023 primarily because our accounts receivable decreased
by 737,663 during the period, as we made efforts on the collection process. The decrease was offset by a decrease of 447,292 in our
accounts payable balance attributable to payment to our vendors. In addition, our operating loss of 356,089 included 210,000 in various
noncash items. 

Net cash was used in operating
activities for the year ended July 31, 2022 primarily because our accounts receivable increased by 737,620 during the year, as we offer
long payment terms to our customers, typically 6 months after delivery of service or products. Nevertheless, cash used in operations during
the fiscal year was only 84,161, as we increased our accounts payable balance by 444,944 attributable to long payment terms from our
vendors, recorded net income of 160,166, and increased deferred income tax expense, inventory, and income taxes payable for a total amount
of 48,349. 

Investing activities 

The company has no investing
activities for the years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Financing activities 

Net cash used in financing
activities for the year ended July 31, 2023 was 89,476, which was primarily attributable to our repayment of a working capital advance
by a related party in the amount of 341,885. Cash outflow was offset by the 31,490 in working capital advance from related parties,
 84,503 in operating expenses that were paid directly by shareholders, the payments of Shenzhen China rent by related parties amounting
to 16,580, the receipt of a subscription receivable of 50,000, and a capital contribution of 65,650. 

Net cash provided by financing
activities for the year ended July 31, 2022, was primarily attributable to a working capital advance from a related party amounting to
 2,007, the operating expenses that are paid directly by shareholders amounting to 77,375, and the payments of Shenzhen China rent by
related parities amounting to 20,046. Cash inflow was offset by repayment of a working capital advance to related party in the amount
of 14,280. 

Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic 

The global outbreak of
COVID-19 and resulting health crisis has caused, and continues to cause, significant and widespread disruptions to the Hong Kong and
global economies, financial and consumer markets. We believe, however, that the COVID-19 outbreak has had very limited impact on
our business. 

During the course of the
COVID-19 pandemic, public health officials and other governmental authorities have imposed and may impose new mitigation measures,
regulations and requirements to address the spread of COVID-19. Public health officials and other governmental authorities also have imposed
directives and may impose additional directives that could require changes in our business practices. The scope and duration of these
mitigation measures and directives continue to evolve throughout the course of the COVID-19 pandemic. Depending on the future course
of COVID-19 and further outbreaks, we may experience restrictions and temporary closures of our offices. 

14 

Although we have continued
to serve our clients and operate our business throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, there can be no assurance that future events will
not have an effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition because the extent and duration of the health crisis
remains uncertain. Future adverse developments in connection with the COVID-19 crisis, including further outbreaks and new strains
or variants of COVID-19, evolving international, federal, state and local restrictions and safety regulations in response to COVID-19,
changes in consumer behavior and health concerns, the pace of economic activity in the wake of COVID-19, or other similar issues could
adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition in the future, or our financial results and business performance
in future periods. 

We continue to actively
manage the impact of the COVID-19 crisis as we face continued uncertainty regarding the impact COVID-19 will have on our financial
operations in the near and long term. The need for, or timing of, any future actions in response to COVID-19 is largely dependent
on the mitigation of the spread of the virus along with the adoption and continued effectiveness of vaccines, status of government orders,
directives and guidelines, recovery of the business environment, global supply chain conditions, economic conditions, and consumer demand
for our products and services, all of which are highly uncertain. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Our financial statements
and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements and accompanying
notes requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and
related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making judgments about the carrying
values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. 

In
connection with the preparation of our financial statements for the year ended July 31, 2023, there was no accounting estimate we made
that was subject to a high degree of uncertainty and was critical to our results. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

The Company considers the
applicability and impact of all accounting standards updates ASUs ). Management periodically reviews new accounting standards
that are issued. The Company does not believe that any recently issued but not yet effective accounting standards, if currently adopted,
would have a material effect on the Company s consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations and comprehensive income and
statements of cash flows. 

Item 7a Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Not Applicable. 

15 

Item 8. Financial Statements 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

F-1 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of July 31, 2023 and 2022. 

F-3 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended July 31, 2023 and 2022. 

F-4 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders (Deficiency) Equity for the Years Ended July 31, 2023 and 2022. 

F-5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended July 31, 2023 and 2022. 

F-6 to F-20 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

16 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Tianci International,
Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Tianci
International, Inc. (the Company as of July 31, 2023 and July 31, 2022 and the related consolidated statements of operations,
changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of Tianci International, Inc. as of July 31, 2023 and July 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and cash flows
for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Explanatory Paragraph Regarding Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that
the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s present
financial situation raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard do this
matter are also described in 1. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to
be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an
audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period
audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to
accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex
judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

/s/ Michael T. Studer CPA P.C. 

October 20, 2023 

 PCAOB ID # 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2023. 

F- 1 

TIANCI INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (EXPRESSED IN UNITED STATES DOLLARS) 

July 31, 
 July 31, 

2023 
 2022 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expense 

Due from related party 

Total current assets 

Other assets: 

Lease security deposit 

Right-of-use asset 

Total non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Income taxes payable 

Due to related parties 

Lease liability - current 

Advances from customers 

Accrued liabilities and other payables 

Total current liabilities 

Lease liability - noncurrent 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders equity (deficit): 

Series A Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of July 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Undesignated preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized;
 and shares issued and outstanding as of July 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Subscription receivable 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) 

Total stockholders' equity (deficit) attributable to TIANCI INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

Non-controlling interest 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

TIANCI INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (EXPRESSED IN UNITED STATES DOLLARS) 

For the year ended July 31, 

2023 
 2022 

OPERATING REVENUES 

Products 

Services 

Total Operating Revenues 

COST OF REVENUES 

Products 

Services (including stock-based compensation of , , and 

Total Cost of Revenues 

Gross profit (loss) 

Operating expenses: 

Selling and marketing (including stock-based compensation of , , and 

General and administrative (including stock-based compensation of , , and 

Total operating expenses 

(Loss) income from operations 

Other income (expense) 

(Loss) income before provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net (loss) income 

Net (loss) income attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net (loss) income attributable to TIANCI INTERNATIONAL,
 INC. 

Weighted average number of common shares 

Basic and diluted 

Earnings (loss) per common share attributable to TIANCI INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

Basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of preferred shares 

Basic and diluted 

Earnings (loss) per preferred share attributable to TIANCI INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

Basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

TIANCI INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED JULY 31, 2023 AND 2022 

 (EXPRESSED IN UNITED STATES DOLLARS) 

Preferred Stock 
 Preferred Stock amount 
 Common stock 
 Common stock amount 
 Subscription receivable 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 (Accumulated Deficit) Retained Earnings 
 Noncontrolling interest 
 Total 

Balance at July 31, 2021 

Payments of Shenzhen China rent by related parties (Note 3) 

Net income 

Balance at July 31, 2022 

RQS United subscription receivable 

Capital contribution 

Payments of Shenzhen China rent by related parties (Note 3) 

Stock compensation issued 

Reverse merger adjustment 

Net (loss) 

Balance at July 31, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

TIANCI INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (EXPRESSED IN UNITED STATES DOLLARS) 

For the year ended July 31, 

2023 
 2022 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Deferred income tax benefit 

Stock compensation issued 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expense 

Advance from customers 

Accounts payable 

Income taxes payable 

Accrued liabilities and other payables 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Cash received in connection with reverse acquisition 

Subscription receivable collected 

Capital contribution received 

Working capital advance from related party 

Repayment of working capital advance from related party 

Operating expenses directly paid by shareholders 

Payments of Shenzhen China rent by related parties 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash 

Cash, beginning 

Cash, ending 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Non-Cash Activities: 

Initial recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities 

Noncash assets (liabilities) received in connection with reverse acquisition: 

Prepaid expense and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Due to related parties 

Accrued liabilities and other payables 

Net 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

TIANCI INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For the years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 

of the capital stock of Roshing through RQS United, a wholly-owned
subsidiary. The Company s fiscal year end is July 31. 

On February
13, 2023, the Company incorporated a wholly owned subsidiary Tianci Group Holding Limited in the Republic of Seychelles. 

Reorganization 

On March
3, 2023 the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with RQS United Group Limited RQS United and RQS Capital Limited RQS Capital ), which was the sole shareholder of RQS United (the Exchange Agreement ). RQS United owns 
of the equity in Roshing International Co., Ltd. Roshing ), which is engaged in the business of distributing electronic
components and providing software services. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, on March 6, 2023 RQS Capital transferred all of the issued
and outstanding capital stock of RQS United to the Company, and 

As a result
of the Share Exchange, RQS United became our wholly-owned subsidiary and the former RQS United stockholder became our controlling stockholder.
The share exchange transaction was treated as a reverse acquisition, with RQS United as the acquirer and the Company as the acquired party
for accounting purposes. Unless the context suggests otherwise, when we refer in this report to business and financial information for
periods prior to the consummation of the reverse acquisition, we are referring to the business and financial information of RQS United
and its consolidated subsidiary, Roshing. 

RQS United
is a holding company incorporated on November 4, 2022 in the Republic of Seychelles. RQS United has no substantive operations other
than holding 90 of the outstanding share capital of its subsidiary, Roshing, which was incorporated on June 22, 2011 in Hong Kong
and is principally engaged in sales of electronic device hardware components, development of software and websites, technical consulting,
and maintenance support on customized software. Roshing s business is primarily carried out in Hong Kong and China. 

Prior to
the Share Exchange, the Company was a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. As a result of the transactions under
the Exchange Agreement, the Company ceased to be a shell company. 

Going
Concern Uncertainty 

The
accompanying consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization
of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As of July 31, 2023, the Company had cash of and
negative working capital of . For the years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had total operating revenues of and
 ,
respectively, and net income (loss) of ) 
and , respectively. These factors among
others raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time.
Management plans to seek debt and/or equity financing to operate until such time as the Company has established sufficient ongoing
revenues to cover its costs. However, there is no assurance that management will be successful in accomplishing its plans. These
financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and
classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

allowance for doubtful accounts was deemed necessary. 

a.
Electronic Device Hardware Components Products Sales 

The Company
is a distributor of electronic device hardware components and generates revenue through resale of these components. The Company s
products include high performance computer chips, Wi-Fi modules, Bluetooth modules, 4G network modules, LED screens, and touch screens.
In accordance with ASC 606, Revenue Recognition: Principal Agent Consideration, an entity is a principal if it controls the specified
good or service before that good or service is transferred to a customer. Otherwise, the entity is an agent in the transaction. The Company
evaluates three indicators of control in accordance with ASC 606: 1) For hardware sales, the Company is the most visible entity to customers
and assumes fulfillment risk and risks related to the acceptability of products, including addressing customer complaints directly and
handling of product returns or refunds directly. 2) The Company is exposed to inventory risk before transfer of control to customers
3) The Company determines the resale price of hardware products. After evaluating the above circumstances, the Company considers itself
the principal of these arrangements and records hardware sales revenue on a gross basis. 

Hardware
sales contracts are on a fixed price basis with no separate sales rebate, discount, or other incentive. Revenue is recognized at a point
in time when the Company has delivered products that have been accepted by its customer with no future obligations. The Company generally
permits returns of products due to product failure; however, returns are historically insignificant. 

b.
Software and Website Development Services 

The Company
generates revenue by developing customized freight shipping and related logistic software and websites, which are generally on a fixed-priced
basis. The software helps wholesalers, ecommerce retailers, and freight shipping providers to manage complex workflows and improve work
efficiency. The Company generally has no enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date and is only entitled to payment
after software is fully developed, delivered, tested, and accepted by the customer. As a result, revenues from software development contracts
are recognized at a point in time when services are fully rendered, and written acceptances have been received from customers. 

c.
Technical Consulting and Training Services 

The Company
provides technical consulting and training services to help customers, generally its existing customers, to better understand and properly
use its customized software and related hardware. Services are generally carried out on a per-time fixed rate basis. Revenue is recognized
at a point in time when service is rendered and the customer confirms the completion of consulting or training. 

d.
Software Maintenance and Business Promotion Services 

The Company
provides software maintenance service to keep customer s software up to date and assists customers in promoting business with ongoing
marketing support. The Company charges a flat rate for a fixed duration on a subscription basis, generally 12 months. Revenue is recognized
ratably each month over the contract period. 

e. Business
 Consulting Services 

The Company provides
 business consulting services to help customers apply for immigration and non-immigration visas. The Company is responsible for performing
 background checks, case analysis, and preparing related application paper works. The Company charges a flat fee for the visa application
 services. Revenue is recognized at a point in time when an application is submitted with proper authorities. 

and for the year ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred
and included in selling and marketing expenses. 

right of use ROU asset and operating lease
liabilities in January 2023 based on the present value of the future minimum rental payments of leases, using an incremental borrowing
rate of . 

The Company
determines if a contract contains a lease at inception. US GAAP requires that the Company s leases be evaluated and classified as
operating or finance leases for financial reporting purposes. The classification evaluation begins at the commencement date and the lease
term used in the evaluation includes the non-cancellable period for which the Company has the right to use the underlying asset, together
with renewal option periods when the exercise of the renewal option is reasonably certain and failure to exercise such option would result
in an economic penalty. All of the Company s real estate leases are classified as operating leases. 

Lease payments
for an operating lease transitioning to ASC 842 using the effective date are based on future payments at the transition date and on the
present value of lease payments over the remaining lease term. Since the implicit rate for the Company s leases is not readily determinable,
the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present
value of lease payments. The incremental borrowing rate is the rate of interest that the Company would have to pay to borrow, on a collateralized
basis, an amount equal to the lease payments, in a similar economic environment and over a similar term. 

Lease terms
used to calculate the present value of lease payments generally do not include any options to extend, renew, or terminate the lease, as
the Company does not have reasonable certainty at lease inception that these options will be exercised. The Company generally considers
the economic life of its operating lease ROU assets to be comparable to the useful life of similar owned assets. The Company has elected
the short-term lease exception; therefore, operating lease ROU assets and liabilities do not include leases with a lease term of twelve
months or less. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

The Company
reviews the impairment of its ROU assets consistent with the approach applied for its other long-lived assets. The Company reviews the
recoverability of its long-lived assets when events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate that the carrying value of the asset
may not be recoverable. The assessment of possible impairment is based on its ability to recover the carrying value of the asset from
the expected undiscounted future pre-tax cash flows of the related operations. 

dilutive shares outstanding. 

ownership interest in Roshing. The noncontrolling interest
is presented in the consolidated balance sheets separately from stockholders equity attributable to Tianci. Noncontrolling
interest in the results of Roshing are presented on the consolidated statements of operations as allocations of the total income or loss
of Roshing for the years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 between the noncontrolling interest holder and the shareholders of RQS United. 

In October 2020,
the FASB issued ASU 2020-08, Codification Improvements to Subtopic 310-20, Receivables Nonrefundable
Fees and Other Costs . The amendments in this Update represent changes to clarify the Codification. The amendments make the Codification
easier to understand and easier to apply by eliminating inconsistencies and providing clarifications. ASU 2020-08 is effective
for the Company for annual and interim reporting periods beginning August 1, 2021. All entities should apply the amendments in this
Update on a prospective basis as of the beginning of the period of adoption for existing or newly purchased callable debt securities.
These amendments do not change the effective dates for Update 2017-08. The adoption of this standard on August 1, 2021 did not
have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Except as
mentioned above, the Company does not believe other recently issued but not yet effective accounting standards, if currently adopted,
would have a material effect on the Company s consolidated Financial Statements. 

from RQS Capital, which was subsequently collected. 

Due
to related parties consist of: 

RQS Capital 
 68 shareholder 
 Company cash collection due to RQS Capital 

Ying Deng 
 RQS Capital 30 owner and Roshing s 10 owner 
 Working capital advances and operating expense paid on behalf of the Company 

TOTAL 

These liabilities
are unsecured, non-interest bearing, and due on demand. 

Employment
agreements with officers and director retainer agreements 

Tianci currently
maintains two employment agreements and six director retainer agreements with its officers and directors. The agreements have terms of
3 years and each provide for monthly compensation in amounts ranging from 1,300 per month to 3,800 per month. 

For the
year ended July 31, 2023, we accrued management compensation expenses of . These amounts are included in general and administrative
expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

Office
space sharing agreement with related parties 

On
August 28, 2021, Roshing entered into an office space sharing agreement with Shufang Gao, 
owner of RQS Capital and Ying Deng, 
owner of RQS Capital, for office space in Shenzhen, China. The agreement provided for Gao and Deng, sub lessees under a separate
office space sharing agreement relating to the use of the premises from August 28, 2021 to August 31, 2024, to pay monthly rent to
the lessee ranging from RMB 12,320 (approximately 1,726) to RMB 13,583 (approximately 1,903) on behalf of Roshing. The rent
expenses paid by Gao and Deng were billed directly to Gao and Deng by the Lessee and the sublease is between Gao and Deng and the
Lessee. The Company has no obligation, directly or indirectly, to reimburse or otherwise compensate Gao and Deng for paying these
expenses. For the years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company has accounted for this agreement by charging general and
administrative expenses for and
 ,
respectively, and crediting additional paid-in capital for 
and ,
respectively. The office sharing agreement was terminated on May 31, 2023 when Roshing moved all of its operations to its office in
Hong Kong. 

shares of capital stock consisting of 
shares of common stock, 
par value, 
shares of Series A Preferred Stock, 
par value, and 
shares of undesignated preferred stock, par
value. 

The following
table sets forth information, as of July 31, 2023, regarding the classes of capital stock that are authorized by the Articles of Incorporation
of Tianci International, Inc. 

Series A Preferred Stock, .0001 par value 

Undesignated Preferred Stock, .0001 par value 

Series
A Preferred Stock 

Each share
of Series A Preferred Stock may be converted by the holder of the share into 100 shares of common stock, subject to equitable adjustment
of the conversion rate. Each holder of Series A Preferred Stock will have voting rights equal to the holder of the number of shares of
common stock into which the Series A Preferred Stock is convertible. Upon liquidation of the Company, each holder of Series A Preferred
Stock will be entitled to receive, out of the net assets of the Company, 0.01 per share, then to share in the distribution on an as-converted
basis. 

Undesignated
Preferred Stock 

The Board
of Directors has the authority, without shareholder approval, to amend the Company s Articles of Incorporation to divide the class
of undesignated Preferred Stock into series, and to determine the relative rights and preferences of the shares of each series, including
(i) voting power, (ii) the rate of dividend, (iii) the price at which, and the terms and conditions on which, the shares may be redeemed,
(iv) the amount payable upon the shares in the event of liquidation, (v) any sinking fund provision for the redemption or purchase
of the shares, and (vi) the terms and conditions on which the shares may be converted to shares of another series or class, if the
shares of any series are issued with the privilege of conversion. 

Issuances
of Preferred Stock and Common Stock 

On January
27, 2023, Tianci sold shares of its Series A Preferred Stock to RQS Capital for cash. 

On March
1, 2023, Tianci sold a total of shares of its common stock to 13 non-US persons at a price of per share
or total. 

On March
6, 2023, Tianci issued shares of its common stock to RQS Capital pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement dated March
3, 2023 (see Note 1 above). 

Also
on March 6, 2023 pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement dated March 3, 2023, Tianci issued a total of shares
of its common stock to nine employees or affiliates of Roshing to induce continued services to Roshing. For the year ended July 31,
2023, the Company accounted for this issuance by expensing the 
estimated fair value of the shares
of common stock to (1) cost of revenues-services ),
(2) selling and marketing ),
and (3) general and administrative ). 

in Hong Kong. Hong Kong income tax expenses for the years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 amounted to 
and ,
respectively. 

For the year ended July
31, 2023, the loss before provision for income taxes of ) consisted of United States source loss of 207,297 and Hong Kong source
loss of 136,697. For the year ended July 31, 2022, the income before provision for income taxes of was all Hong Kong source
income. 

Significant components
of the provision for income taxes are as follows: 

Deferred Hong Kong 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

The following table
reconciles the Hong Kong statutory rates to the Company s Hong Kong effective tax rate: 

Non deductible stock compensation expense 
 - 

Effective tax rate 
 - 

For United States
income tax purposes, Tianci has a net operating loss carry forward of approximately at
July 31, 2023. Management has not determined that it is more likely than not that this carryforward will be realized and thus the
Company maintained a 100 valuation allowance for the deferred tax asset relating to the United States net operating loss
carryforward. Current United States income tax law limits the amount of loss available to offset against future taxable income when
a substantial change in ownership occurs. 

Uncertain tax positions 

The Company evaluates
each uncertain tax position (including the potential application of interest and penalties) based on the technical merits, and measures
the unrecognized benefits associated with the tax positions. As of July 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company did not have any significant unrecognized
uncertain tax positions. 

As of July 31, 2023,
tax years 2020 and forward generally remain open for examination for United States Federal and State tax purposes and tax years 2017 and
forward generally remain open for examination for foreign tax purposes. 

.
As of July 31, 2023, no United States account balance exceeded 250,000. The Hong Kong Deposit Protection Board pays compensation up to
a limit of HKD (approximately
US if the bank with which an individual/company holds its eligible deposit fails. As of July 31, 2023, a cash balance of was
maintained at a financial institution in Hong Kong of which approximately was
subject to credit risk. Management believes that the financial institution is of high credit quality and continually monitors its
credit worthiness. 

Customer
concentration risk 

For the
year ended July 31, 2023, two customers accounted for and of the Company s total revenues. 

For the
year ended July 31, 2022, five customers accounted for , , , and of the Company s total revenues.

As of
July 31, 2023, no customer accounted for over 
of the Company s total accounts receivable. As of July 31, 2022, five customers accounted for , , , ,
and 
of the Company s total accounts receivable. 

Vendor
concentration risk 

For
the year ended July 31, 2023, two vendors accounted for 
and 
of the Company s total purchases. For the year ended July 31, 2022, four vendors accounted for , ,
and 
of the Company s total purchases. 

As of
July 31, 2023, no vendor accounted for over 
of the Company s total accounts payable. As of July 31, 2022, four vendors accounted for , , ,
and 
of the Company s total accounts payable. 

(approximately ).
On January 13, 2023, the Company entered a new operating lease agreement for office space in Hong Kong with a third party for two
years with monthly rent of HKD (approximately). Upon adoption
of ASU 2016-02 effective August 1, 2022, the Company recognized a 
right of use ROU asset and operating lease liabilities in January 2023 based on the present value of the future
minimum rental payments of leases, using an incremental borrowing rate of . 

The Company s
lease agreement does not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. The lease does not contain
an option to extend at the time of expiration. 

As of July
31, 2023, the Company s operating lease had a remaining lease term of approximately years. 

Rent expenses
were and for the years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The total
future minimum lease payments under the non-cancellable operating lease as of July 31, 2023 are as follows: 

2025 

Total lease payments 

Less: Interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Future amortization
of the Company s ROU asset is presented below: 

2025 

Total 

Contingencies 

From time
to time, the Company may be a party to legal proceedings, as well as certain asserted and un-asserted claims. 

Software and Website Development Services 

Technical Consulting and Training Services 

Software Maintenance and Business Promotion Services 

Business Consulting Services 

Total revenues 

Disaggregated
information of revenues by regions are as follows: 

Singapore 

Total revenues 

Prepaid expense 

Receivable from subsidiaries 

Investment in subsidiaries 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Due to related parties 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders equity 

Series A Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of July 31, 2023 

Undesignated preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, 
 par value, shares authorized;
 
 shares issued and outstanding as of July 31, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

PARENT COMPANY STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

Loss from investment in subsidiaries 

Total expenses 

Net Loss 

PARENT COMPANY STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Share of loss from investment in subsidiaries 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expense 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Net cash (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Repayment of working capital advance from related party 

Operating expenses directly paid for subsidiary 

Common Stock issued to Roshing employees and affiliates
 for services rendered 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at March 3, 2023 

Cash and cash equivalents at July 31, 2023 

F- 20 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

Not Applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures . 

We maintain disclosure controls
and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ),
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO )/Chief Financial Officer CFO ),
as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the
participation of our CEO/CFO of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end
of the period covered by this report pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation and the existence of the material
weaknesses discussed below in Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, our management,
including our CEO/CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level as of
the end of the period covered by this Report. 

Changes in Internal Controls . 

There was no change in internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act or 1934) identified in connection with the evaluation
described in the preceding paragraph that occurred during Tianci International, Inc.'s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected
or is reasonably likely to materially affect Tianci International, Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

Management of the Company is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
We have assessed the effectiveness of those internal controls as of July 31, 2023 using the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission COSO Internal Control Integrated Framework (1992) as a basis for our assessment. 

Because of inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
and procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even
those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

17 

A material weakness in internal controls is a deficiency
in internal control, or combination of control deficiencies, that adversely affects the Company s ability to initiate, authorize,
record, process, or report external financial data reliably in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America such that there is more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim
financial statements that is more than inconsequential will not be prevented or detected. In the course of making our assessment of the
effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting, we identified three material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting. These material weaknesses consisted of: 

Because of the Company s limited resources, there are limited controls over information processing. 

There is an inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives. Our Company s management is limited in number,
resulting in a situation where limitations on segregation of duties exist. In order to remedy this situation, we would need to hire additional
staff to provide greater segregation of duties. Currently, it is not feasible to hire additional staff to obtain optimal segregation of
duties. Management will reassess this matter in the following year to determine whether improvement in segregation of duty is feasible. 

The Company does not have a sitting audit committee financial expert, and thus the Company lacks the board oversight role within the
financial reporting process. 

There is a lack of formal policies and procedures necessary to adequately review significant accounting transactions. The Company
utilizes a third-party independent contractor for the preparation of its financial statements. Although the financial statements and footnotes
are reviewed by our management, we do not have a formal policy to review significant accounting transactions and the accounting treatment
of such transactions. The third-party independent contractor is not involved in the day to day operations of the Company and may not be
provided information from management on a timely basis to allow for adequate reporting/consideration of certain transactions. 

Management does not believe that the current level
of the Company s operations warrants a remediation of the weaknesses identified in this assessment. However, because of the above
condition, management s assessment is that the Company s internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as
of July 31, 2023. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and
Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Item 9B Other Information 

Not applicable. 

Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

18 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The names of our current officers, directors and
key employees, as well as certain information about them, are set forth below: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position with Tianci 
 Director Since 
 
 Zhigang Pei 
 50 
 Chairman of the Board 
 2021 
 
 Shufang Gao 
 53 
 Director, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 
 Ying Deng 
 39 
 Director, Vice President 
 2023 
 
 David Wei Fang 
 50 
 Director 
 2021 
 
 Jack Fan Liu 
 43 
 Director 
 2021 
 
 Yee Man Yung 
 29 
 Director 
 2021 
 
 Bo Ye 
 41 
 Corporate Secretary 
 -- 

Directors hold office until the annual meeting
of Tianci s stockholders and the election and qualification of their successors. Officers hold office, subject to removal at any
time by the Board, until the meeting of directors immediately following the annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors
are appointed and qualified. 

Information concerning the directors, officers
and key employees of Tianci follows: 

Zhigang Pei 
joined Tianci on August 26, 2021 as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, and a member of the Board. Mr. Pei resigned
from his position as CEO in January 2023 and from his position as CFO in April 2023. Mr. Pei has served as the Executive Director of Anyang
Xinrun Investment Co., Ltd. since November 2009. He has also served as the Executive Director and General Manager of Henan Ziwei Real
Estate Development Co., Ltd., and Henan Anyang Dahua Commercial and Trading Plaza Development Co., Ltd. since 2015. Mr. Pei graduated
from No.2 Middle School Anyang City in 1989. Mr. Pei brings to the Board his deep experience in the real estate and investment industries. 

Shufang Gao 
has worked as CEO of Hong Kong listed groups, president of domestic capital companies, and vice president of A-share listed companies.
He is familiar with the A-share capital market and the Hong Kong capital market, and has experience in the strategic development of listed
companies. Mr. Gao joined Tianci on August 26, 2021 as a member of our Board and was appointed Chief Executive Officer in January 2023.
From October 2020 to August 2021, Mr. Gao served as the Vice President and Director of Sichuan Jinding Group. Prior to that, he was the
Vice Chairman of Luoyang Yongning Nonferrous Technology Co., Ltd. from August 2019 to September 2020. From April 2018 to July 2019, Mr.
Gao served as the Vice President of Tibet Huayu Mining Co., Ltd., an A-share listed company. He was the Chief Executive Officer of Haotian
Development Group Co., Ltd. (Hong Kong Main Board Listed Company 00474) from August 2016 to September 2017. From August 2012 to August
2016, Mr. Gao served as the President of Haihua Group Holdings Co., Ltd., an international container leasing company. Mr. Gao received
his Bachelor of Management Degree from Dalian University of Technology in 1999. He received his Masters Degree in Finance and Accounting
from the Chinese University of Hong Kong in 2008. Mr. Gao brings to the Board his international experience in the operation and governance
of listed companies. 

Ying Deng has over fifteen years
of experience in corporate finance, asset management and banking. Ms. Deng became Vice President of Tianci and was appointed to Tianci s
Board in January 2023. She has been employed by RQS Capital Limited since September 2022 as a Director responsible for business development
and financial planning. Since July 2017 Ms. Deng has been employed as Director and Chief Executive Officer by Shenzhen Dandelion Club
Investment Development Co., Ltd., where she is responsible for project due diligence and investment management. Since June 2011 Ms. Deng
has been employed as a Director by Roshing International Co., Ltd., where she is responsible for strategic planning and daily operations.
In 2020 Ms. Deng was awarded a Masters Degree in Business Administration by Nankai University. She earned a Bachelor s Degree from
Jinan University in 2006. Ms. Deng brings to the Board her extensive experience in business administration. 

19 

David Wei Fang 
has over ten years of experience in the securities and investment industry. He joined Tianci on August 26, 2021 as an executive member
of the Board. Mr. Fang served as the Partner of Tiger Securities and the CEO of Tiger Securities International in Hong Kong from May 2018
to July 2019. From January 2017 to April 2018, Mr. Fang served as the CEO of Haotian International Securities in Hong Kong. Mr. Fang was
the Head of High Net Worth Individual, Corporate Client and ICBC Global Wealth Management Center of ICBC International in Hong Kong from
October 2014 to December 2016. Mr. Fang earned a Bachelor s degree in Economics from Anhui University of Finance and Economics in
1994. Mr. Fang obtained his Master of Business Administration Degree from South Georgia University in 2004. Mr. Fang brings to the Board
his deep experience in the securities and investment industry. 

Jack Fan Liu 
joined Tianci on August 26, 2021 as a member of our Board. Prior to joining us, Mr. Liu was the Vice President of China Regenerative Medicine
International Limited from September 2014 to October 2017. From July 2009 to August 2014, Mr. Liu was the Investment Director of Tian
Huan Investment Company. He was a financial analyst at Founder Securities (SSE:601901) from May 2007 to June 2009. Mr. Liu received his
B.A. in Engineering from Nanjing Tech University in 2001 and his Master of Economics from Concordia University, Canada in 2006. He brings
to the Board his experience and knowledge of investments and mergers and acquisitions of companies in Hong Kong and China. 

Yung Yee Man 
has more than 5 years of experience as a human resources manager for both Hong Kong and NASDAQ listed companies. She also has two years 
experience as an assistant to board members. Ms. Yung joined Tianci on 26 August, 2021 as a member of our Board. Since 2020 she has served
as Human Resources Manager for Link-Asia International Med-Tech Group Limited. Form 2018 to 2019 Ms. Yung was employed as Account Manager
by Tiger Brokers (HK) Global Limited. Ms. Yung earned a Master s degree in Corporate Communication from University of Leeds in 2017.
Ms. Yung is currently pursuing an MBA Degree at the University of South Australia. Ms. Yung brings to the Board her human resources and
public company experience. 

Bo Ye joined
Tianci as Corporate Secretary in January 2023. Since 2014 Mr. Ye has been employed as Director and Chief Executive Officer by Shenzhen
Ouyu Technology Co., Ltd. Since 2018 Mr. Ye has also been employed as Director and Vice President of Shenzhen Renqisheng Investment Development.
Mr. Ye was awarded a Bachelor of Arts Degree by Jinan University in 2006. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family
relationships among any of our officers or directors. 

Corporate Governance 

Board Committees 

We presently do not have an audit committee, compensation
committee or nominating committee or committee performing similar functions, as our management believes that until this point it has been
premature at the early stage of our management and business development to form an audit, compensation or nominating committee. Until
these committees are established, these decisions will continue to be made by our Board of Directors. 

Director Independence 

The Board of Directors has determined that Jack
Fan Liu and Yung Yee Man are independent directors, as the term independent is defined by the rules of the NYSE American. 

20 

Code of Ethics 

Tianci has not adopted a formal code of ethics
applicable to its executive officers. The Board of Directors has determined that Tianci s financial operations are not sufficiently
complex to warrant adoption of a formal code of ethics. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Not applicable. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

Tianci International, Inc. 

Tianci has paid no compensation to any officer
or director during the past three fiscal years or any subsequent period. Unpaid compensation has been accrued pursuant to the Employment
Agreements described below, totaling an aggregate of 240,800 as of July 31, 2023. 

RQS United, Inc. 

RQS United did not pay compensation to any officer
or director for services in those roles during its past three fiscal years. 

Roshing International Co., Ltd. 

Roshing pays Ying Deng, its Manager, and Mr. Shufang
Gao, the CEO a salary of 2,000 HKD per month (USD 258). 

Employment Agreements 

On August 27, 2021, we
entered into an Employment Agreement with each of Zhigang Pei, Shufang Gao and Wei Fang and on January 27, 2023 we entered into an Employment
Agreement with Ying Deng (collectively, the Employment Agreements ), whereby each individual agreed to serve as an Executive
Director for a monthly compensation equal to U.S. 3,800. Each Employment Agreement expires after three years, unless earlier terminated
by death, resignation or removal. 

We are entitled to terminate
the each Employment Agreement for cause without notice or remuneration (unless otherwise required by law) if: (i) the executive
is convicted or pleads guilty to a felony or to an act of fraud, misappropriation or embezzlement; (ii) the executive has been grossly
negligent or acted dishonestly to the detriment of the Company; (iii) the executive has engaged in actions amounting to willful misconduct
or failed to perform his duties hereunder and such failure continues after the executive is afforded a reasonable opportunity to cure
such failure; or (iv) the executive violates the provisions relating to confidentiality, non-competition and non-solicitation of the Employment
Agreement. Upon a termination for cause, the executive shall not be entitled to any severance or other benefits under the
Employment Agreement but shall be entitled to receive accrued base salary. 

21 

If the Employment Agreement
is terminated due to the executive s death or disability, the executive shall be entitled to receive accrued base salary. 

If the Employment Agreement
is terminated by the Company without cause , the executive will receive a lump sum payment equal to 12 months of base salary,
a lump sum cash payment equal to a pro-rated amount of his/her target annual bonus for the year immediately preceding the termination,
payment of premiums for continued health benefits under the Company s health plans for 12 months following termination, and immediate
vesting of 100 of the then-unvested portion of any outstanding equity awards held by the executive, if any. 

If the Employment Agreement
is terminated due to a change in control, the executive will receive a lump sum payment equal to 12 months of base salary, a lump sum
cash payment equal to a pro-rated amount of his/her target annual bonus for the year immediately preceding the termination, and immediate
vesting of 100 of the then-unvested portion of any outstanding equity awards held by the executive. 

If the Employment Agreement
is terminated by the executive due to (1) a material reduction in the executive s authority, duties and responsibilities, or (2)
a material reduction in the executive s annual salary, the executive will receive a lump sum payment equal to 12 months of base
salary. 

Grants of Plan-Based Awards 

During the past three fiscal years, there were
no grants of plan-based awards to our named executive officers by Tianci, RQS United or Roshing. 

Option Exercises and Stock Vested 

During the past three fiscal years, there were
no option exercises or vesting of stock awards by our named executive officers. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

During the past three fiscal years, none of our
executive officers received any equity awards, including, options, restricted stock or other equity incentives, from either Tianci, RQS
United or Roshing. 

Compensation of Directors 

On August
27, 2021, each of our two independent directors Jack Fan Liu and Yee ManYung, entered into a Director Retainer Agreement agreeing to serve
on our Board of Directors for monthly compensation of U.S. 1,300. The Director Retainer Agreements contain normal and customary terms
including provisions relating to indemnification and confidentiality. 

22 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The following table sets forth information with
respect to the securities holdings of (i) Tianci s officers and directors, and (ii) all persons which, pursuant to filings with
the SEC and our stock transfer records, we have reason to believe may be deemed the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5 of
any class of Tianci's voting stock. The securities beneficially owned by an individual are determined in accordance with the
definition of beneficial ownership set forth in the regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act and, accordingly, may include
securities owned by or for, among others, the spouse and/or minor children of an individual and any other relative who resides in the
same home as such individual, as well as other securities as to which the individual has or shares voting or investment power or which
each person has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of options or otherwise. This table has been prepared based on
80,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and 5,903,481 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of the date of filing of this Report. Unless
otherwise specified, the address of each of the persons set forth below is in care of Tianci, 20 Holbeche Road, Arndell Park, NSW
2148 Australia. 

Common Stock 
 Series A Preferred 

Name of 
 Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature
 of 
 Beneficial Ownership (1) 
 Percentage 
 of Class 
 Amount and Nature
 of 
 Beneficial Ownership (1) 
 Percentage 
 of Class 
 Total Voting Power 
 
 Zhigang Pei 
 1,793,000 (2) 
 40.4 
 -- 
 -- 
 12.9 
 
 Shufang Gao 
 1,500,000 (3)(4) 
 25.4 
 80,000 (3) 
 100 
 68.3 
 
 David Wei Fang 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 Yee Man Yung 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 Jack Fan Liu 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 Ying Deng 
 1,500,000 (3)(4) 
 25.4 
 80,000 (3) 
 100 
 68.3 
 
 All officers and directors as a group (7 persons) 
 1,500,000 
 25.4 
 80,000 (3) 
 100 
 68.3 
 
 RQS Capital Limited 
 1,500,000(4) 
 25.4 
 80,000 
 100 
 68.3 
 
 ______________________________ 

(1) Ownership is of record and beneficial unless otherwise noted. 
 
 (2) Owned of record by Silver Glory Group Limited, of which Zhigang Pei is the beneficial owner. 
 
 (3) All shares of common stock and Series A Preferred Stock attributed to Shufang Gao or Ying Deng are owned of record by RQS Capital
Limited. Shufang Gao is Chairman of RQS Capital Limited; Ying Deng is a Director of RQS Capital Limited. 
 
 (4) Does not include 8,000,000 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of 80,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
and Director Independence 

Related Party Transactions 

On January 27, 2023 Tianci sold 80,000 shares of
Series A Preferred Stock to RQS Capital Limited. The shares were sold for a cash payment of 24,000, which was contributed to Tianci s
capital on behalf of RQS Capital Limited by members of its management. Shufang Gao, a member of Tianci s Board of Directors, is
the principal owner of RQS Capital. 

See the description in Item 1 above regarding the
Share Exchange between Tianci and RQS Capital Limited on March 6, 2023. 

As of July 31, 2023, Roshing was indebted to Zhigang
Pei in the amount of 220,909 and to Ying Deng in the amount of 53,035, representing amounts they have advanced to fund Roshing s
operations. The loans are not interest-bearing and are due on demand. 

Except as described above, there have been no transactions
since August 1, 2022, or any currently proposed transaction, in which Tianci, RQS United or Roshing was or are to be a participant and
the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of the total assets of Tianci at year-end
for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

23 

Review, approval or ratification of transactions with related
persons 

We do not have any special committee, policy or
procedure related to the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. 

Director Independence 

The Board of Directors has determined that Jack
Fan Liu and Yee ManYung are the only members of our Board of Directors who are independent, as independent is defined in
the rules of the NYSE American. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The Share Exchange between Tianci and RQS United
described in Item 1 of this Report has been accounted for as a reverse acquisition effected as a recapitalization,
wherein RQS United was considered the acquirer for accounting and financial reporting purposes. Accordingly, Michael T. Studer CPA P.C.,
which served as the independent auditor of the financial statements of RQS United for the year ended July 31, 2022, has audited the financial
statements of Tianci for the years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 that are included in this Report. 

Audit Fees 

Michael T. Studer CPA P.C. billed 30,000 in connection
with the audit of the Company's financial statements for the year ended July 31, 2023. Michael T. Studer CPA P.C. billed 50,000 in connection
with the audit of the Company's financial statements for the year ended July 31, 2022. 

Audit-Related Fees 

Michael T. Studer CPA P.C. did not bill the Company
for any Audit-Related fees in fiscal 2023 or 2022. 

Tax Fees 

Michael T. Studer CPA P.C. did not bill the Company
for professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning in fiscal 2023. Michael T. Studer CPA P.C. did not
bill the Company for any professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning in fiscal 2022. 

All Other Fees 

Michael T. Studer CPA P.C. did not bill the Company
for any other fees in fiscal 2023 or 2022. 

It is the policy of the Company that all services,
other than audit, review or attest services, must be pre-approved by the Board of Directors. 

24 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

Exhibits 

3.1(a) 
 Articles of Incorporation of Tianci International, Inc. (1) 
 
 3.1(b) 
 Articles of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of Tianci International, Inc. (2) 
 
 3.2 
 Bylaws (1) 
 
 10.1 
 Employment Agreement dated August 27, 2021 between Zhigang Pei and Tianci International, Inc. (3) 
 
 10.2 
 Employment Agreement dated August 27, 2021 between Shufang Gao and Tianci International, Inc. (3) 
 
 10.3 
 Employment Agreement dated August 27, 2021 between Wei Fang and Tianci International, Inc. (3) 
 
 10.4 
 Employment Agreement dated January 23, 2023 between Ying Deng and Tianci International Inc. 
 
 21 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive and
 Financial Officer 
 
 32.1 
 Rule 13a-14(b) Certification of Principal Executive and
 Financial Officer 
 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL) and contained in Exhibit 101 

(1) 
 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 24, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (2) 
 
 Filed as Appendix A to the Definitive Information Statement on Schedule 14C filed on June 11, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (3) 
 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION TO BE FURNISHED WITH REPORTS FILED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 15(d) OF THE ACT BY REGISTRANTS WHICH HAVE NOT REGISTERED SECURITIES PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE ACT. 

Tianci International, Inc. did not send any annual report to security
holders covering the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023 nor did it send any form of proxy or proxy soliciting material. 

25 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act, the Registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TIANCI INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

Date: October 20, 2023 
 /s/ Shufang Gao 

By: Shufang Gao 

Title: Chief Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer 

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this
Report has been signed below on October 20, 2023 by the following persons, on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the
dates indicated. 

/s/ Shufang Gao 

 Shufang Gao, Director, 

 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer 

/s/ Zhigang Pei 

 Zhigang Pei, Chairman of the Board 

/s/ Ying Deng 

 Ying Deng, Director 

/s/ David Wei Fang 

 David Wei Fang, Director 

/s/ Jack Fan Liu 

 Jack Fan Liu, Director 

/s/ Yee Man Yung 

 Yee Man Yung, Director 

26 

<EX-10.6>
 2
 tianci_ex1004.htm
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.4 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
(the Agreement ), is entered into as of Jan 27 th , 2023 (the Effective Date ), by and
between Tianci International Inc., a United States of America corporation (the Company ), and Ying Deng, an individual
(the Executive ). Except with respect to the direct employment of the Executive by the Company, the term Company 
as used herein with respect to all obligations of the Executive hereunder shall be deemed to include the Company and all of its subsidiaries
and affiliated entities (collectively, the Group ). 

RECITALS 

A. The Company desires to employ the Executive
as its Executive Director and Vice President to assure itself of the services of the Executive during the term of Employment (as defined
below).Chief Executive Officer 

B. The Executive desires to be employed by the
Company as its Executive Director during the term of Employment and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

AGREEMENT 

The parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. 
 POSITION 

The Executive hereby accepts a position
of Executive Director (the Employment of the Company. 

2. 
 TERM 

Subject to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, the term of the Employment shall commence on the Effective Date and last for three (3) years, unless Executive s
earlier death, resignation or removal. 

3. 
 DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 

(a) 
 
 The Executive s duties at the Company
will include all jobs assigned by the Company s Board of the Executives (the Board ). 

(b) 
 
 The Executive shall devote all of his working
time, attention and skills to the performance of his duties at the Company and shall faithfully and diligently serve the Company in accordance
with this Agreement, the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Company, as amended and restated from time to time (the Charter
Documents ), and the guidelines, policies and procedures of the Company approved from time to time by the Board. 

1 

4. 
 NO BREACH OF CONTRACT 

The Executive hereby represents to the
Company that: (i) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Executive and the performance by the Executive of the Executive s
duties hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene, the terms of any other agreement or policy to which the Executive
is a party or otherwise bound, except for agreements entered into by and between the Executive and any member of the Group pursuant to
applicable law, if any; (ii) that the Executive has no information (including, without limitation, confidential information and trade
secrets) relating to any other person or entity which would prevent, or be violated by, the Executive entering into this Agreement or
carrying out his duties hereunder; (iii) that the Executive is not bound by any confidentiality, trade secret or similar agreement (other
than this) with any other person or entity except for other member(s) of the Group, as the case may be. 

5. 
 COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS 

(a) 
 
 Base Salary. The Executive s
base salary shall be USD3,800 per month, paid in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices, and such compensation
is subject to annual review and adjustment by the Board. 

(b) 
 Bonus . The Executive shall be eligible for Bonuses determined by the Board. 

(c) 
 
 Equity Incentives . To the extent the
Company adopts and maintains a share incentive plan, the Executive will be eligible to participate in such plan pursuant to the terms
thereof as determined by the Board. 

(d) 
 
 Expenses . The Executive shall be entitled
to reimbursement by the Company for all reasonable ordinary and necessary travel and other expenses incurred by the Executive in the
performance of his duties under this Agreement; provided that he properly accounts for such expenses in accordance with the Company s
policies and procedures. 

6. 
 TERMINATION OF THE AGREEMENT 

(a) 
 By the Company. 

(i) For Cause . The Company
may terminate the Employment for cause, at any time, without notice or remuneration (unless notice or remuneration is specifically required
by applicable law, in which case notice or remuneration will be provided in accordance with applicable law), if: 

(1) the Executive is convicted or pleads
guilty to a felony or to an act of fraud, misappropriation or embezzlement, 

(2) the Executive has been grossly negligent
or acted dishonestly to the detriment of the Company, 

(3) the Executive has engaged in actions
amounting to willful misconduct or failed to perform his duties hereunder and such failure continues after the Executive is afforded a
reasonable opportunity to cure such failure; or 

(4) the Executive violates Section 7
or 9 of this Agreement. 

Upon termination for cause, the Executive
shall be entitled to the amount of base salary earned and not paid prior to termination. However, the Executive will not be entitled to
receive payment of any severance benefits or other amounts by reason of the termination, and the Executive s right to all other
benefits will terminate, except as required by any applicable law. 

2 

(ii) For death and disability .
The Company may also terminate the Employment, at any time, without notice or remuneration (unless notice or remuneration is specifically
required by applicable law, in which case notice or remuneration will be provided in accordance with applicable law), if: 

(1) the Executive has died, or 

(2) the Executive has a disability which
shall mean a physical or mental impairment which, as reasonably determined by the Board, renders the Executive unable to perform the essential
functions of his employment with the Company, with or without reasonable accommodation, for more than 120 days in any 12-month period,
unless a longer period is required by applicable law, in which case that longer period would apply. 

Upon termination for death or disability,
the Executive shall be entitled to the amount of base salary earned and not paid prior to termination. However, the Executive will not
be entitled to receive payment of any severance benefits or other amounts by reason of the termination, and the Executive s right
to all other benefits will terminate, except as required by any applicable law. 

(iii) Without Cause . The
Company may terminate the Employment without cause, at any time, upon a prior written notice. Upon termination without cause, the Company
shall provide the following severance payments and benefits to the Executive: (1) a lump sum cash payment equal to 12 months of the Executive s
base salary as of the date of such termination; (2) a lump sum cash payment equal to a pro-rated amount of his target annual bonus for
the year immediately preceding the termination, if any; (3) payment of premiums for continued health benefits under the Company s
health plans for 12 months fo1lowing the termination, if any; and (4) immediate vesting of 100 of the then-unvested portion of any outstanding
equity awards held by the Executive. 

Upon termination without, the Executive
shall be entitled to the amount of base salary earned and not paid prior to termination. 

(iv) Change of Control Transaction .
If the Company or its successor terminates the Employment upon a merger, consolidation, or transfer or sale of all or substantially all
of the assets of the Company with or to any other individual(s) or entity (the Change of Control Transaction ), the
Executive shall be entitled to the following severance payments and benefits upon such termination: (1) a lump sum cash payment equal
to 12 months of the Executive s base salary at a rate equal to the greater of his/her annual salary in effect immediate1y prior
to the termination, or his/her then current annua1 salary as of the date of such termination; (2) a lump sum cash payment equal to a pro-rated
amount of his/her target annual bonus for the year immediately preceding the termination; and (3) immediate vesting of 100 of the then-unvested
portion of any outstanding equity awards held by the Executive. 

(b) 
 
 By the Executive . The Executive may
terminate the Employment at any time with a prior written notice to the Company, if (1) there is a material reduction in the Executive s
authority, duties and responsibilities, or (2) there is a material reduction in the Executive s annual salary. Upon the Executive s
termination of the Employment due to either of the above reasons, the Company shall provide compensation to the Executive equivalent
to 12 months of the Executive s base salary that he is entitled to immediately prior to such termination. In addition, the Executive
may resign prior to the expiration of the Agreement if such resignation is approved by the Board or an alternative arrangement with respect
to the Employment is agreed to by the Board. 

(c) 
 
 Notice of Termination. Any termination
of the Executive s employment under this Agreement shall be communicated by written notice of termination from the terminating
party to the other party. 

3 

7. 
 CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON-DISCLOSURE 

(a) 
 
 Confidentiality and Non-disclosure .
The Executive hereby agrees at all times during the term of the Employment and after his termination, to hold in the strictest confidence,
and not to use, except for the benefit of the Company, or to disclose to any person, corporation or other entity without prior written
consent of the Company, any Confidential Information. The Executive understands that Confidential Information means
any proprietary or confidential information of the Company, its affiliates, or their respective clients, customers or partners, including,
without limitation, technical data, trade secrets, research and development information, product plans, services, customer lists and
customers, supplier lists and suppliers, software developments, inventions, processes, formulas, technology, designs, hardware configuration
information, personnel information, marketing, finances, information about the suppliers, joint ventures, franchisees, distributors and
other persons with whom the Company does business, information regarding the skills and compensation of other employees of the Company
or other business information disclosed to the Executive by or obtained by the Executive from the Company, its affiliates, or their respective
clients, customers or partners, either directly or indirectly, in writing, orally or otherwise, if specifically indicated to be confidential
or reasonably expected to be confidential. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information shall not include information that
is generally available and known to the public through no fault of the Executive. 

(b) 
 
 Company Property . The Executive understands
that all documents (including computer records, facsimile and e-mail) and materials created, received or transmitted in connection with
his work or using the facilities of the Company are property of the Company and subject to inspection by the Company at any time. Upon
termination of the Executive s employment with the Company (or at any other time when requested by the Company), the Executive
will promptly deliver to the Company all documents and materials of any nature pertaining to his work with the Company and will provide
written certification of his compliance with this Agreement. Under no circumstances will the Executive have, following his termination,
in his possession any property of the Company, or any documents or materials or copies thereof containing any Confidential Information. 

(c) 
 
 Former Employer Information . The Executive
agrees that he has not and will not, during the term of his employment, (i) improperly use or disclose any proprietary information or
trade secrets of any former employer or other person or entity with which the Executive has an agreement or duty to keep in confidence
information acquired by Executive, if any, or (ii) bring into the premises of the Company any document or confidential or proprietary
information belonging to such former employer, person or entity unless consented to in writing by such former employer, person or entity.
The Executive will indemnify the Company and hold it harmless from and against all claims, liabilities, damages and expenses, including
reasonable attorneys fees and costs of suit, arising out of or in connection with any violation of the foregoing. 

(d) 
 
 Third Party Information . The Executive
recognizes that the Company may have received, and in the future may receive, from third parties their confidential or proprietary information
subject to a duty on the Company s part to maintain the confidentiality of such information and to use it only for certain limited
purposes. The Executive agrees that the Executive owes the Company and such third parties, during the Executive s employment by
the Company and thereafter, a duty to hold all such confidential or proprietary information in the strictest confidence and not to disclose
it to any person or firm and to use it in a manner consistent with, and for the limited purposes permitted by, the Company s agreement
with such third party. 

This Section 7 shall survive the termination
of this Agreement for any reason. In the event the Executive breaches this Section 7, the Company shall have right to seek remedies permissible
under applicable law. 

4 

8. 
 CONFLICTING EMPLOYMENT. 

The Executive hereby
agrees that, during the term of his employment with the Company, he or she will not engage in any other employment, occupation, consulting
or other business activity related to the business in which the Company is now involved or becomes involved during the term of the Executive s
employment, nor will the Executive engage in any other activities that conflict with his obligations to the Company without the prior
written consent of the Company. 

9. 
 NON-COMPETITION AND NON-SOLICITATION 

In consideration
of the salary paid to the Executive by the Company and subject to applicable law, the Executive agrees that during the term of the Employment
and for a period of one (1) year following the termination of the Employment for whatever reason: 

(a) 
 
 The Executive will not approach clients,
customers or contacts of the Company or other persons or entities introduced to the Executive in the Executive s capacity as a
representative of the Company for the purposes of doing business with such persons or entities which will harm the business relationship
between the Company and such persons and/or entities; 

(b) 
 
 The Executive will not assume employment
with or provide services as a Executive or otherwise for any Competitor, or engage, whether as principal, partner, licensor or otherwise,
in any Competitor; and 

(c) 
 
 The Executive will not seek, directly or
indirectly, by the offer of alternative employment or other inducement whatsoever, to solicit the services of any employee of the Company
employed as at or after the date of such termination, or in the year preceding such termination. 

The provisions contained in
Section 9 are considered reasonable by the Executive and the Company. In the event that any such provisions should be found to be void
under applicable laws but would be valid if some part thereof was deleted or the period or area of application reduced, such provisions
shall apply with such modification as may be necessary to make them valid and effective. 

This Section 9 shall survive
the termination of this Agreement for any reason. In the event the Executive breaches this Section 9, the Executive acknowledges that
there will be no adequate remedy at law, and the Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief and/or a decree for specific performance,
and such other relief as may be proper (including monetary damages if appropriate). In any event, the Company shall have right to seek
all remedies permissible under applicable law. 

10. 
 WITHHOLDING TAXES 

Notwithstanding anything else
herein to the contrary, the Company may withhold (or cause there to be withheld, as the case may be) from any amounts otherwise due or
payable under or pursuant to this Agreement such national, provincial, local or any other income, employment, or other taxes as may be
required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 

5 

11. 
 ASSIGNMENT 

This Agreement is personal
in its nature and neither of the parties hereto shall, without the consent of the other, assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights
or obligations hereunder; provided, however, that (i) the Company may assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder
to any member of the Group without such consent, and (ii) in the event of a Change of Control Transaction, this Agreement shall, subject
to the provisions hereof, be binding upon and inure to the benefit of such successor and such successor shall discharge and perform all
the promises, covenants, duties, and obligations of the Company hereunder. 

12. 
 SEVERABILITY 

If any provision of this Agreement
or the application thereof is held invalid, the invalidity shall not affect other provisions or applications of this Agreement which can
be given effect without the invalid provisions or applications and to this end the provisions of this Agreement are declared to be severable. 

13. 
 ENTIRE AGREEMENT 

This Agreement constitutes
the entire agreement and understanding between the Executive and the Company regarding the terms of the Employment and supersedes all
prior or contemporaneous oral or written agreements concerning such subject matter, including any prior agreements between the Executive
and a member of the Group. The Executive acknowledges that he or she has not entered into this Agreement in reliance upon any representation,
warranty or undertaking which is not set forth in this Agreement. Any amendment to this Agreement must be in writing and signed by the
Executive and the Company. 

14. 
 GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION 

This Agreement shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United State of America. 

15. 
 AMENDMENT 

This Agreement may not be
amended, modified or changed (in whole or in part), except by a formal, definitive written agreement expressly referring to this Agreement,
which agreement is executed by both of the parties hereto. 

16. 
 WAIVER 

Neither the failure nor any
delay on the part of a party to exercise any right, remedy, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof,
nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise of the same or
of any right, remedy, power or privilege, nor shall any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any occurrence
be construed as a waiver of such right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any other occurrence. No waiver shall be effective
unless it is in writing and is signed by the party asserted to have granted such waiver. 

6 

17. 
 NOTICES 

All notices, requests, demands
and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given and
made if (i) delivered by hand, (ii) otherwise delivered against receipt therefor, or (iii) sent by a recognized courier with next-day
or second-day delivery to the last known address of the other party. 

18. 
 COUNTERPARTS 

This Agreement may be executed
in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original as against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all
of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement shall become binding when one or more counterparts hereof,
individually or taken together, shall bear the signatures of all of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories. 

Photographic copies of such
signed counterparts may be used in lieu of the originals for any purpose. 

19. 
 NO INTERPRETATION AGAINST DRAFTER 

Each party recognizes that
this Agreement is a legally binding contract and acknowledges that it, he or she has had the opportunity to consult with legal counsel
of choice. In any construction of the terms of this Agreement, the same shall not be construed against either party on the basis of that
party being the drafter of such terms. 

[remainder of this page
left intentionally blank] 

7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed
as of the date first written above. 

Tianci International Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Shufang Gao 

Name: 
 Shufang Gao 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Executive 

By: 
 /s/ Ying Deng 

Name: 
 Ying Deng 

8 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-21>
 3
 tianci_ex2100.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

EXHIBIT 21:
SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY 

Organization 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 
 
 RQS United Group Limited 
 Republic of Seychelles 

Roshing International Co., Ltd. 
 Hong Kong 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 tianci_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1: Rule 13a-14(a)
Certification of Principal Executive and Financial Officer 

I, Shufang Gao, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form
10-K of Tianci International, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal
controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 20, 2023 
 /s/ Shufang Gao 

Shufang Gao, Principal Executive and Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 tianci_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1: Rule 13a-14(b) Certification
of Principal Executive and Financial Officer 

The undersigned officer certifies that this report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and that the information contained in the report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Tianci International, Inc. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to Tianci International, Inc. and will be retained by Tianci International, Inc. and
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date: October 20, 2023 
 /s/ Shufang Gao 

Shufang Gao, Principal Executive and Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ciit-20230731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ciit-20230731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ciit-20230731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ciit-20230731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

