<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231113_10-K_edgar_data_1309057_0001213900-23-085612.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5267552</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>192024</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1331411</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1160332</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1180440</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1268638</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-085612.hdr.sgml : 20231113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231113091949
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-085612
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			China Health Industries Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001309057
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				860827216
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51060
		FILM NUMBER:		231395758

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3199-1 LONGXIANG ROAD, SONGBEI DISTRICT
		STREET 2:		HARBIN CITY
		CITY:			HEILONGJIANG PROVINCE
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			150028
		BUSINESS PHONE:		011-86-451-51719407

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3199-1 LONGXIANG ROAD, SONGBEI DISTRICT
		STREET 2:		HARBIN CITY
		CITY:			HEILONGJIANG PROVINCE
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			150028

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNIVERSAL FOG INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050617

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EDMONDS 6 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20041118

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-085612.txt : 20231113

10-K
 1
 f10k2023_chinahealth.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ________________
to ________________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 

, , Heilongjiang Province People s Republic of (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 86-451-88100688 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Not applicable 
 
 Not applicable 
 
 Not applicable 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Common Stock, 0.0001 par value 

Title of Class 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common stock of the issuer held by non-affiliates as of December 31, 2022 was approximately (45,032,549 shares of common stock
held by non-affiliates) based upon the closing price of the common stock on such date. 

As of November 10, 2023, there were 
shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

Part I 
 
 1 

Item 1 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 21 

Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 21 

Item 1C 
 Cybersecurity 
 21 

Item 2 
 Properties 
 21 

Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 21 

Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 21 

Part II 
 
 22 

Item 5 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 22 

Item 6 
 [Reserved] 
 23 

Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 

Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 28 

Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 28 

Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 29 

Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 29 

Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 30 

Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 30 

Part III 
 
 31 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 31 

Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 36 

Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 38 

Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 39 

Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 39 

Part IV 
 
 40 

Item 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 40 

i 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

China Health Industries Holdings, Inc. China
Health US , we , our , or us is not a Chinese operating Company, but a Delaware holding
company. Our operations are solely conducted through our subsidiaries in PRC. By investing in the securities of us, you are holding the
common stock of the Delaware holding company, under no circumstance will you have any shares of any of our operating PRC subsidiaries. 

Our History and Corporate Structure 

China Health Industries Holdings, Inc. China
Health US was incorporated in the State of Arizona on July 11, 1996 and was the successor of the business known as Arizona Mist,
Inc. which began in 1989. On May 9, 2005, it entered into a stock purchase agreement and share exchange (effecting a reverse merger) with
Edmonds 6, Inc. Edmonds 6 ), a Delaware corporation, and changed its name to Universal Fog, Inc. Pursuant to this agreement,
Universal Fog, Inc. (which has been in continuous operation since 1996) became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Edmonds 6. 

China Health Industries Holdings Limited China
Health HK was incorporated on July 20, 2007 in Hong Kong under the Companies Ordinance as a limited liability company. China Health
HK was formed for the purpose of seeking and consummating a merger or acquisition with a business entity organized as a private corporation,
partnership, or sole proprietorship as defined by FASB ACS Topic 915 Development Stage Entities ). 

Harbin Humankind Biology Technology Co., Limited Humankind was incorporated in Harbin City, Heilongjiang Province, the People s Republic of China (the PRC on December 14, 2003, as a limited liability company under the Company Law of the PRC. Humankind is engaged in the manufacturing and sale
of health products. 

On August 20, 2007, the sole shareholder of China
Health HK entered into a share purchase agreement (the Share Purchase Agreement with the owners of Humankind. Pursuant
to the Share Purchase Agreement, China Health HK purchased 100 of the ownership in Humankind for a cash consideration of 60,408 (the
 Share Purchase ). Subsequent to the completion of the Share Purchase, Humankind became a wholly-owned subsidiary of China
Health HK. The Share Purchase was accounted for as a reverse merger since the owner of Humankind owned a majority of the
outstanding shares of China Health HK s common stock immediately following the execution of the Share Purchase Agreement, it was
deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the reverse merger. Consequently, the assets and liabilities and the historical operations that
have been reflected in the financial statements for periods prior to the Share Purchase are those of Humankind and have been recorded
at the historical cost basis. After completion of the Share Purchase, China Health HK s consolidated financial statements include
the assets and liabilities of both China Health HK and Humankind, the historical operations of Humankind, and the operations of China
Health HK and its subsidiaries from the closing date of the Share Purchase onward. 

On October 14, 2008, Humankind set up a 99 owned
subsidiary, Harbin Huimeijia Medicine Company Huimeijia ), with its primary business being manufacturing and distributing
medicine. Mr. Xin Sun, the Company s majority owner, owns 1 of Huimeijia. Huimeijia is consolidated in the consolidated financial
statements of China Health HK. 

On December 31, 2008, China Health HK entered
into a reverse merger with Universal Fog, Inc., a U.S. publicly traded shell company (the Transaction ). China Health HK
is the acquirer in the Transaction, and the Transaction was treated as a recapitalization of China Health US. After the Transaction and
a 20:1 reverse stock split, Mr. Xin Sun owned 61,203,088 shares of common stock, representing 98.3 of the 62,234,737 total outstanding
shares of common stock of China Health US. On April 7, 2009, Mr. Sun transferred 28,200,000 shares of common stock to 296 individuals,
leaving him with 33,003,088 shares of common stock of China Health US, or approximately 53.03 of the total outstanding shares of common
stock. Universal Fog, Inc. changed its name to China Health Industries Holdings, Inc. on February 19, 2009. 

On November 22, 2013, Humankind completed the
acquisition of Heilongjiang Huimeijia Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. HLJ Huimeijia for a total purchase price of 16,339,869
(RMB100,000,000). HLJ Huimeijia was founded on October 30, 2003, and is engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of tincture, ointments,
rubber paste (including hormones), topical solution, suppositories, liniment (including traditional Chinese medicine extractions), enemas
and oral liquids. HLJ Huimeijia s predecessor is Heilongjiang Xue Du Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., which has established its brand name
in the market through its supply of high-quality medical products. HLJ Huimeijia is categorized as a high and new technology 
enterprise by the Science Technology Department in Heilongjiang Province. HLJ Huimeijia has 21 products which have been approved by, and
have received approval numbers issued by, the National Medical Products Administration NMPA ). In addition, HLJ Huimeijia
is the holder of one patent for utility models, five patents for external design and three trademarks in China, including the Chinese
brand name of Xue Du which has an established reputation among customers in northeastern China. 

1 

On December 24, 2014, Humankind entered into a
stock transfer agreement (the Original Agreement with (i) Xiuzheng Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. a company incorporated
under the laws of the PRC and located in Jilin province Xiuzheng Pharmacy or the Buyer ), (ii) Mr. Xin Sun,
the CEO of the Company, and (iii) Huimeijia, a subsidiary of Humankind that is 99 owned by Humankind and 1 owned by Mr. Xin Sun. Pursuant
to the Original Agreement, Humankind and Mr. Xin Sun (collectively, the Equity Holders ), would sell their respective equity
interests in Huimeijia to Xiuzheng Pharmacy. 

On February 9, 2015, the four parties entered
into a supplementary agreement (the Supplementary Agreement to modify the terms of the Original Agreement, pursuant to
which the Equity Holders and Huimeijia (collectively, the Asset Transferors would only sell 19 drug approval numbers (the
 Assets to Xiuzheng Pharmacy. The Equity Holders would have retained their equity interests in Huimeijia, but would have
pledged such equity interests to Xiuzheng Pharmacy until the Assets were transferred. 

On October 12, 2016, the four parties agreed to
rescind the Supplementary Agreement and entered into a new supplementary agreement pursuant to which the parties agreed to execute the
transfer of the equity interests based on the Original Agreement, and the Equity Holders sold their respective equity interests in Huimeijia
to Xiuzheng Pharmacy for total cash consideration of RMB 8,000,000 (approximately 1,306,186 USD, the Purchase Price to
the Equity Holders. As of October 12, 2016, Huimeijia had completed changes in its business registration, and Xiuzheng Pharmacy had obtained
a new business license issued by the local State Administration of Industry and Commerce in Harbin Harbin SAIC for Huimeijia,
in which Huimeijia s ownership was recorded as held by Xiuzheng Pharmacy, and the legal representative (a person that is authorized
to take most corporate actions on behalf of a company under PRC corporate laws) of Huimeijia had been appointed by the Buyer. 

On
June 27, 2023 (the Signing Date ),
Harbin Humankind Biology Technology Co., Limited Humankind ),
a wholly owned subsidiary of China Health Industries Holdings, Inc. China
Health ), a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State
of Delaware, entered into certain equity transfer agreements (collectively, the Agreements with Mr. Xin Sun and Mr. Kai Sun (collectively, the Sellers ).
Pursuant to the Agreements, the Sellers agreed to transfer to Humankind 99 and 1 of the equity interests of Heilongjiang HempCan Pharmaceuticals
Co., Ltd. HempCan ),
for a consideration of RMB292,050,000 (approximately 40,275,537) and RMB2,950,000 (approximately 406,824) respectively, totaling RMB295
million (approximately 40,682,360) (collectively, the Purchase
Prices ). The Purchase Prices shall be fully paid to Sellers within
15 business days after the Signing Date, and the Sellers shall complete certain registration procedures, such as change of equity ownership
and change of business registration within 15 business days after full Purchase Prices are received. If Humankind is late in paying the
Purchase Prices, a 0.1 per day late penalty on the amount of Purchase Prices that is paid late shall be paid to the Sellers. Mr. Xin
Sun is China Health s Chairman, sole director and sole executive
officer and Mr. Kai Sun is Mr. Xin Sun s younger brother. 

China Health US, China Health HK, Humankind and
HLJ Huimeijia are collectively referred herein to as the Company. 

As of June 30, 2023, the Company s corporate
structure was as follows: 

2 

Business Overview 

Our principal business operations are conducted
through our wholly-owned subsidiaries, Humankind and HLJ Huimeijia. 

The Company owns a GMP-certified plant and production
facilities and has the capacity to produce 21 different NMPA-approved medicines, 14 NMPA-approved health supplement products and 10 hemp
derivative products in soft capsule, hard capsule, tablet, granule, oral liquid forms. These products address the needs of some key sectors
in China, including the feminine, geriatric, and children s markets. 

HLJ Huimeijia was founded on October 30, 2003
and its latest GMP certificate is effective until April 24, 2023. On December 1, 2019, NMPA announced that it will no longer issue GMP
certificate for any pharmaceutical companies. However, NMPA will carry out conformity inspection to do compliance testing, as well as
flight check (unannounced inspection) for all pharmaceutical companies. HLJ Huimeijia engages in the manufacture and distribution of tincture,
ointments, rubber paste, including hormones, topical solution, suppositories, enemas, oral liquids, and liniment, including traditional
Chinese medicine extractions. HLJ Huimeijia s predecessor was Heilongjiang Xue Du Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., which established brand
recognition in the market through its supply of high-quality drug products. HLJ Huimeijia is a high and new technology enterprise
that provides the most comprehensive types of topical medical products in Heilongjiang Province, a northeastern province of China. 

For the fiscal year 2023, we sell our products
to end customers through our own sales personnel as well as our sales agents, operating primarily in Heilongjiang Province, where most
of our revenues are generated. However, there is no such sales for the fiscal year 2022, which was primarily due to Humankind s
enterprise transformation, and the lock down of factory due to COVID-19. Humankind is using existing materials to research and develop
new products. Humankind decided to transform the primary business to CBD extractive project, because the government intended to support
the company research in CBD aspect. However, by the end of fiscal year 2023, the support guidelines had not been published. Although the
research process is slow and unpredictable due to the zero-case policy and periodic quarantines caused by COVID-19 resurgence in the first
half of the fiscal year 2023, we expect the CBD extractive project to be completed by the end of calendar year of 2024 Transformation ).
We do not currently sell our products online, but we expect to do so in the future. 

Cash Transfer 

For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, there
is no cash transfer among China Health US, China Health HK, or any of our PRC subsidiaries. 

We have not paid dividends on our common stock
and do not anticipate to pay such dividends in the foreseeable future. We will rely on dividends from Humankind for our funds and PRC
regulations may limit the amount of funds distributed to us from Humankind, which will affect our ability to declare any dividends. 

China Health US may encounter several limitations
related to cash transfer among its PRC subsidiaries, the holding company and its investors. Any funds we transfer to the PRC subsidiaries,
either as a shareholder loan or as an increase in registered capital, are subject to permission and approval by or registration with relevant
governmental authorities in China. According to the relevant PRC regulations on foreign invested enterprises in China, capital contributions
to our PRC subsidiaries are subject to the registration with the State Administration for Market Regulation or its local counterpart and
registration with a local bank authorized by SAFE. In addition, (i) any foreign loan procured by our PRC subsidiaries is required to be
registered with the SAFE or its local branches and (ii) any of our PRC subsidiaries may not procure loans which exceed the difference
between its total investment amount and registered capital or, as an alternative, only procure loans subject to the calculation approach
and limitation as provided by the People s Bank of China. As a holding company with no operations, our ability to distribute dividends
largely depends on the distribution from our PRC subsidiaries. In addition, if China Health US is determined to be a PRC resident enterprise
for enterprise income tax purposes, we could be subject to PRC tax at a rate of 25 on our worldwide income, which could materially reduce
our net income, and we may be required to withhold a 10 withholding tax from dividends we pay to our shareholders that are non-resident
enterprises, including the holders of our ordinary shares, and non-resident enterprise shareholders (including our ordinary shareholders)
may be subject to PRC tax at a rate of 10 on gains realized on the sale or other disposition of ordinary shares, if such income is treated
as sourced from within China. An indirect transfer of PRC assets, including a transfer of equity interests in an unlisted
non-PRC holding company of a PRC resident enterprise, by non-PRC resident enterprises may be re-characterized and treated as a direct
transfer of the underlying PRC assets, if such arrangement does not have a reasonable commercial purpose and was established for the purpose
of avoiding payment of PRC enterprise income tax. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to PRC enterprise
income tax, and the transferee or other person who is obligated to pay for the transfer is obligated to withhold the applicable taxes,
currently at a rate of 10 for the transfer of equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise. 

3 

Products 

We are licensed to sell our products, including
our medical drugs, only in the PRC. 

(i) Hemp Derivative Products 

We have developed the following products that
are derived from hemp and obtained business license to manufacture and sell these products. We have begun to sell these products since
May 2018. Hemp Seed Beer, Hemp Oil, Hemp Protein Powder, Hemp Polypeptide and Collagen Peptide are sold through Humankind. Other products
are sold through HLJ Huimeijia. The revenue of the Hemp Seed Beer, Hemp Oil and Hemp Seed accounted for 100 and nil of the total revenues
for the fiscal year of 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Serial No. 
 
 Name 
 
 1 
 
 Hemp Oil 
 
 2 
 
 Hemp Protein Powder 
 
 3 
 
 Hemp Polypeptide 
 
 4 
 
 Collagen Peptide 
 
 5 
 
 Natural Hemp Essence Repair Lotion 
 
 6 
 
 Natural Hemp Revitalizing Essence 
 
 7 
 
 Natural Hemp Anit-aging Brightening Eye Cream 
 
 8 
 
 Natural Hemp Frozen Age Nourishing Cream 
 
 9 
 
 Hemp Seed Beer 
 
 10 
 
 Hemp Seed 

(ii) Health Products 

Our QunLe brand Sailuozhi soft capsule,
a supplement made from frog oil, soybean isoflavone, procyanidine (made from grape seeds) and vitamin E, is for freckle removal and skin
moisture. QunLe brand Sailuozhi soft capsulechanged name to QunLe brand Frog Oil, Soybean Isoflavone and Vitamin
E Soft Capsul, register number is G20070356, which expired on April 6, 2026. 

On May 12, 2010, we received a patent for this
product (Patent No. 200610010394.4) under the name Run Chao (which has since been changed to QunLe with the
National Bureau of Intellectual Property. 

Pursuant to a technology transfer agreement dated
October 12, 2007 (the 2007 Technology Transfer Agreement ), we purchased a health product known as Kindlink 
brand propolis and black ant capsule made from propolis, black ant, acanthopanax and astragalus root from Beijing Jindelikang Bio-Technology
Co., Ltd Jindelikang ). The change of the ownership has been approved by the NMPA. This product is intended to boost one s
immunity. The certification number issued by the NMPA on August 20, 2004, for the license to manufacture the product is GuoShiJianZi G20040906.
We have no continuing obligations under the 2007 Technology Transfer Agreement. 

Pursuant to a technology transfer agreement dated
January 18, 2013 (the 2013 Technology Transfer Agreement ), we purchased 12 health products from Guangzhou Aoda Biology Beauty
Healthy Technology Co., Ltd, a non-affiliated party. These twelve products are the following: 

- Dr.
Xiao Brand Honeysuckle Pearl Capsule (Guo Shi Jian Zi G20100656), which is designed to be effective in acne removal; 

- Dr.
Xiao Brand Multivitamin Tablet (Guo Shi Jian Zi G20080176), which is a multivitamin and mineral supplement; 

- Dr.
Xiao Brand Zhengdian Capsule (Guo Shi Jian Zi 20070261), which is designed to be effective in relieving eyestrain; 

- Dr.
Xiao Brand Shengui Capsule (Guo Shi Jian Zi G20080297), which is designed to be effective in increasing bone density; 

- Dr.
Xiao Brand Multivitamin Tablet (Woman) (Guo Shi Jian Zi G20070338), which is an iron and multivitamin supplement; 

- Dr.
Xiao Brand Shikong Soft Capsule (Guo Shi Jian Zi 20080096), which is designed to be effective in improving memory; 

- Dr.
Xiao Brand Huangjingdanggui Tablet (Guo Shi Jian Zi G20080201), which is designed to be effective in improving nutritional anemia and
chloasma; 

- Dr.
Xiao Brand Xingxing Soft Capsule (Guo Shi Jian Zi G20080080), which is designed to be effective in improving memory; 

4 

- Dr.
Xiao Brand Vitamin A Fish Oil Soft Capsule (Guo Shi Jian Zi G20080406), which is designed to be effective in relieving eyestrain; 

- Dr.
Xiao Brand Colon Cleanser Granules (Guo Shi Jian Zi G20060061), which is designed to be effective in relaxing bowels and promoting the
discharge of lead; 

- Dr.
Xiao Brand Jianli Soft Capsule (Guo Shi Jian Zi G20050710), which is designed to be effective in increasing immunity and relieving physical
fatigue; and 

- LB
Brand Xinpin Capsule (Guo Shi Jian Zi G20050770), which is designed to be effective in dispelling chloasma. 

The major suppliers of raw materials for our products
who exceeded 10 of our total purchases in the fiscal years 2023 and 2022 are the following: 

Purchases 

(in U.S. 
 of 

Name of Supplier 
 Dollars) 
 Purchases 
 
 FY2023 
 Harbin Delunbao Beer Co., Ltd 
 68,803 
 96.71 

FY2022 
 Nil 

The Company typically signs monthly purchase orders
with its major suppliers. All purchase orders with our other suppliers are on similar terms. We shall remit payment to a supplier s
account no later than three business days after receiving raw materials. A supplier shall deliver raw materials no later than three business
days after receiving a purchase order. The cost of delivery is borne by the supplier. 

(iii) Medical Drugs 

HLJ Huimeijia has 21 products with approval numbers
issued by the NMPA as following: 

English Name 
 
 Efficacy 
 
 1 
 
 Enema Glycerini 
 
 Lubricating laxative. Used for constipation. 

2 
 
 UmguentumAcidi Borici Camphoratum 
 
 Dermerethistica. Used for chilblain. 

3 
 
 Ge Hong Beriberi Water 
 
 Dehumidification insecticide. Used for tinea pedis and tinea manuum caused by damp toxin brewing and binding, and other skin diseases caused by enzyme. 

4 
 
 Pelvic Inflammation Suppository 
 
 Heat-clearing and detoxifying; activating blood to promote menstruation disperse swelling and relieve pain. Used for toxin and blood stasis stagnation in the uterus, distending pain in the lower abdomen, irregular menses, algomenorrhea and leukorrhagia, as well as pelvic inflammation and annexitis with the aforementioned symptoms. 

5 
 
 Injury and Paralysis Tincture 
 
 Warm channel and expelling cold, promoting blood circulation to arrest pain. Used to relieve pain caused by traumatic injury and sprain. 

6 
 
 Indometacin and Furazolidone Suppositories 
 
 Anti inflammatory painkiller. Used to treat acute hemorrhoid, including internal hemorrhoids, external hemorrhoids, mixed hemorrhoids, anal fissure or archosyrinx and relieve pain; Used to ease pain after the operation of anal fissure, archosyrinx or hemorrhoids. 

7 
 
 Injury and Rheumatism Relieving Paste 
 
 Dispelling rheumatism and relieving pain. Used for headache, rheumatalgia, neuralgia, sprain and muscular soreness. 

8 
 
 Refining GouPi Cream 
 
 Relaxing tendon, invigorating the circulation of blood, dissipating cold and relieving pain. Used for arthralgia and myalgia, acute contusion, sprain, rheumatalgia, arthralgia, hypochondriac pain, muscular soreness, etc. 

9 
 
 Muskiness Pain Relieving Paste 
 
 Expelling wind and removing dampness, relaxing the tendons and unblocking collateral. Used for rheumatic arthralgia, low back cold pain, traumatic injury, etc. 

5 

English Name 
 
 Efficacy 
 
 10 
 
 Muskiness Bone Strengthener Paste 
 
 Analgesia and anti-inflammatory. Used for rheumatalgia, arthralgia, backache, neuralgia, muscular soreness, sprain and contusion. 

11 
 
 Matrine Suppositories 
 
 Antibacterial and antiphlogistic drugs. Used for trichomonas and candida vaginitis, chronic cervicitis, pelvic inflammation, etc. 

12 
 
 Ethacriding Lactate Solution 
 
 Disinfectant and preservative drug. Used for disinfection of traumatic and disinfected wounds. 

13 
 
 Triamcinolone Acetonide and Neomycin Paste 
 
 Used for neurodermatitis circumscripta and chronic eczema. Also used for small-scale psoriasis. 

14 
 
 Double Coptis Suppository 
 
 Course wind and resolving the exterior, heat-clearing and detoxifying. Used for influenza caused by affection of exogenous wind-heat, with symptoms of fever, cough and sore throat. Also used for upper respiratory tract infections and pneumonia, with symptoms of fever, cough and sore throat. 

15 
 
 Methylrosanilinium Chloride Solution 
 
 Disinfectant and preservative drug. 

16 
 
 Iodine Tincture 
 
 Disinfectant and preservative drug. 

17 
 
 Mercurochrome Solution 
 
 Disinfectant and preservative drug. 

18 
 
 Hydrogen Peroxide Solution 
 
 Disinfectant and preservative drug. 

19 
 
 Halcinonide Cream 
 
 Grucocorticoid. External use drug only to be used on the skin. Used for dermatoneuritis and psoriasis. 

20 
 
 Compound Fluocinonide Tincture 
 
 Grucocorticoid. Used for dermatoneuritis and psoriasis. 

21 
 
 Policresulen Vaginal Suppository 
 
 Anti-microbial and hemostasis drug. 

Distribution 

Most of our products are sold to sales agents.
In the fiscal year of 2022, because of COVID-19 influence and the Transformation, we did not sell our products to sales agents. In the
fiscal year of 2023, our sales network covered Heilongjiang provinces or cities. 

6 

E-business 

We are in the process of building the infrastructure
to conduct our business over the internet. A B2C e-business call and sales center has been established and will become an integral part
of our distribution channel in the future. We have employed graduates from Tsinghua University, Harbin Industry University and Harbin
Engineering University to develop the ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning), CRM (Customer Relationship Management) and Office Automation
software OA Software for our e-business. The OA Software has been used in our daily operation. The Company plans to sell
its products via internet in the fiscal year of 2024. 

Our Customers 

We sell most of our products to sales agents,
who are our customers. The sales agents sell the products to the end users. 

Our customers who contributed more than 10 of
our consolidated revenues during the past two fiscal years are as follows: 

Sales 
 Percent of 
 
 Name 
 Products Sold 
 (in U.S. Dollars) 
 Sales 
 
 FY2023 

Harbin Magic Nature Technology Co., Ltd 
 Hemp Seed Beer, Hemp Oil 
 70,824 
 63.47 
 
 Ruiping Ji 
 Hemp Seed 
 36,516 
 32.73 
 
 FY2022 
 nil 

Manufacture 

We manufacture our health food products on a plot
of land located in Jin Xing Industrial Park, Songbei District, Harbin. On June 7, 2004, the Company entered into a Land Use Purchase Contract
with the local government, pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase the right to use a piece of land, approximately 8 acres (32,000
square meters), located in Harbin City, Heilongjiang Province for commercial purposes for a fifty-year period from June 7, 2004 through
June 6, 2054, for 637,261 (RMB5,248,000). The Company fully paid to the government the consideration for the land use right on June 13,
2004. The Department of Housing and Urban Development of Harbin City approved this transaction. The Company is in the process of applying
for the title certificate from the local government. The manufacturing facility on the land is 4,000 square meters and there are five
production lines which are sufficient for our purposes. We package our products in bottles, plastic containers and aluminum foil bags
there. 

7 

Since we acquired HLJ Huimeijia on November 22,
2013, we also manufacture our medicines and drugs using HLJ Huimeijia s land, approximately 43,350 square meters, located in Hai-lin
Economic Development Zone, Mudanjiang City. The manufacturing facilities occupy approximately 5,710 square meters. We plan to build new
manufacturing facilities on the land. The expected construction cost is approximately 7,520,000 (RMB50,000,000). 

Our Development Strategy 

We will continue to focus on combining our products
with traditional Chinese medicine, creating new products such as our hemp-based products, and developing our B2C e-business and chain-stores.
We plan to implement health management projects in our future chain-stores throughout China and establish a database of our clients 
health data obtained from our B2C e-business and call center. 

We plan to establish a one-stop shop for our customer s
health needs. From conducting a genetic profile of our customer to determine his/her susceptibility to certain types of diseases and then
customizing health supplements and organic/green food to meet his/her needs, we plan to cater to our customer s needs at all levels.
With the distribution network we hope to establish through our chain stores and B2C e-businesses, we plan to eventually branch out into
the sale and distribution of beauty products and medical appliances. 

We plan to open chain stores of up to 100 stores
within the next 24 months; establish our oversea sales to North America, South Asia and European Union; acquire pharmaceuticals to enhance
marketing network and production capacity and increase investment in research and development of CBD drugs and hemp-based products. 

The Future 

Within the next ten years, our goals are to: 

1. Increase product coverage in target markets
to achieve 20 -30 coverage 

Our target market is the health industry market.
Presently, we believe that our product coverage is approximately 0.2 . We plan to open distribution stores in different provinces of China
to expand our coverage. We also plan to sell our products through B2C websites to our customers. 

2. Develop to be among top 500 companies in the
medicine, health product, health industry in the PRC 

Currently, we are not ranked in the top 500 medicine,
health product and health industry companies in the PRC. We believe that if our projected increase in revenue is achieved, we will achieve
our goal of becoming one of the top 500 medicine, health product, health industry companies in China. 

3. Form a diversified management group 

Currently, our management group comprises graduates
from the most prestigious universities in the PRC, such as Peking University and Renmin University of China. We plan to further diversify
our management group by hiring talent both in the PRC and abroad. 

4. Enter into the international market and create
an internationally famous brand 

Currently, our products are sold under the brand
names Qunle , Kindlink , Huimeijia and Dr. Xiao in the PRC. Our goal is eventually
to establish stable sales abroad in countries such as the United States of America, Russia, and Eastern Europe and South-east Asian countries. 

8 

Our Business Plan 

The plans designed to meet our manufacturing,
marketing and profit targets include: 

Manufacturing: 

(a) improving
the manufacturing techniques and staff training; 

(b) guaranteeing
high quality material supply; 

(c) strengthening
the working procedure controls; 

(d) implementing
GMP to ensure a compliance standard in the food and medical industries; 

(e) ensuring
that all employees have adequate training in health regulations. 

Marketing: 

Adopt an effective marketing strategy to: 

(a) utilize
direct distribution of products to chain stores nationwide; 

(b) build
business alliances with well-known enterprises to create private label brands; 

(c) expand
the marketing of our products beyond the traditional methods. 

Product Distribution: 

(a) enlarge
our sales and marketing force while developing new markets; 

(b) strengthen
the distribution channel by developing promotion strategies and participating in trade shows; 

(c) Develop
3-5 new products to market each year; 

(d) develop
new markets through innovation and research. 

9 

Our approach to manufacturing, marketing, cost
control and products distribution, which is detailed above, is designed to minimize production costs and increase revenue at the same
time. We feel that our procedures will enable us to reach our sales goals with an optimal manufacturing cost. The result should yield
profits and a return to our investors. 

Good Manufacturing Practice or GMP 
is a term that is recognized worldwide for the control and management of manufacturing and quality control testing of foods and pharmaceutical
products. An important part of GMP is documentation of every aspect of the process, activities, and operations involved with drug and
medical device manufacture. Additionally, GMP requires that all manufacturing and testing equipment has been qualified as suitable for
use, and that all operational methodologies and procedures (such as manufacturing, cleaning, and analytical testing) utilized in the drug
manufacturing process have been validated (according to predetermined specifications), to demonstrate that they can perform their purported
function(s). On December 1, 2019 the newly revised Drug Administration Law (the New Law came into effect. One of the major
amendments is the cancellation of GMP certification. The New Law eliminated the requirement that drug administration authorities shall
assess drug manufacture enterprises and drug trading enterprises, and issue assessment certificates. Instead, it requires that drug manufacturing
enterprises and drug trading enterprises establish and improve the quality management systems of manufacture and trade of drugs, and ensure
that the process of manufacturing and trading of drugs always meets all legal requirements. This means a stricter form of supervision
is implemented comparing to the prior GMP certificates system and our production lines are subject pilot inspection under the New Law. 

The Market for Healthcare and Beauty Products 

The health product industry is one of the mainstream
industries in the PRC, since it has a high level of recognition and importance. Recently there have been new policies for health products,
which control quality, manufacturing, manufacturing environments and techniques. 

The Healthcare Product Market in the PRC 

With thousands of years of history in health culture
and traditional Chinese medicine, the PRC currently utilizes advanced techniques and production capacity to initiate new health care trends,
from drugs and medicines to traditional health food and nutritional supplements, and from medical devices to health management and advice.
These trends demonstrate huge potential in the PRC s health products market. 

With the rise of the concept of Great Health ,
the per capita expenditure of health products and the consumer group have been significantly improved. 

Driven by the change of consumer treatment to
prevention, the promotion of health awareness, the refinement of health needs and the pursuit of high-quality health products, the market
scale of health products in China broke through RMB100 billion (USD16.2 billion) in 2014 and nearly RMB150 billion (USD22.2 billion) in
2017. Qianzhan Industry Research Institute in China predicted that the market scale of health products in China will reach RMB 243.5 billion
(USD37.7 billion) in 2025. 

Comparing the consumption habits of Chinese and
American health products, we can see that there is still much room for development in China s market. The penetration rate of health
products in the United States is 50 , while that in China is only 20 , and in terms of per capita consumption, China is only one-eighth
of that in the United States. 

Legal and Operation Risks Associated with Being
Based in or Having the Majority of the Company s Operations in China 

China Health US s PRC subsidiaries (as defined
below) face various legal and operational risks and uncertainties related to doing business in China. These risks could result in a material
adverse change in the Company s business operations and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

The PRC subsidiaries were formed under and are
governed by the laws of the PRC. The PRC legal system is based on written statutes. Prior court decisions may be cited for reference,
but have limited precedential value. As a significant part of our business is conducted in China, our operations are principally governed
by PRC laws and regulations. However, since the PRC legal system continues to evolve rapidly, the interpretations of many laws, regulations
and rules are not always uniform and enforcement of these laws, regulations and rules involves uncertainties, which may limit legal protections
available to us. In addition, some regulatory requirements issued by certain PRC government authorities may not be consistently applied
by other PRC government authorities (including local government authorities), thus making strict compliance with all regulatory requirements
impractical, or in some circumstances impossible. Considering PRC administrative and court authorities have discretion in interpreting
and implementing statutory and contractual terms, it may be more difficult to predict the outcome of administrative and court proceedings
and the level of legal protection we enjoy than in more developed legal systems. Furthermore, the PRC legal system is based in part on
government policies and internal rules, some of which are not published on a timely basis or at all and may have retroactive effect. As
a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules until sometime after the violation. Such uncertainties, including
uncertainty over the scope and effect of our contractual, property (including intellectual property) and procedural rights, could materially
and adversely affect our business and impede our ability to continue our operations. 

10 

Furthermore, if China adopts more stringent standards
with respect to environmental protection or corporate social responsibilities, we may incur increased compliance costs or become subject
to additional restrictions in our operations. Intellectual property rights and confidentiality protections in China may also not be as
effective as in the United States or other countries. In addition, we cannot predict the effects of future developments in the PRC legal
system on our business operations, including the promulgation of new laws, or changes to existing laws or the interpretation or enforcement
thereof. These uncertainties could limit the legal protections available to us and our investors, including you. Moreover, any litigation
in China may be protracted and result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources and management attention. 

China Health US s corporate structure as
a Delaware holding company with operations primarily conducted by its subsidiaries in China involves unique risks to investors. Chinese
regulatory authorities could disallow this structure, which cause the incapability to continue operation without changing the corporate
structure or switching the business focus. This may in turn cause the value of the securities to significantly decline or even become
worthless. According to the Foreign Investment Law in China, the State Council shall promulgate or approve a list of special administrative
measures for market access of foreign investments, or the Negative List. The Foreign Investment Law grants national treatment to foreign-invested entities,
except for those foreign-invested entities that operate in industries specified as either restricted or prohibited 
from foreign investment in the Negative List. The Foreign Investment Law provides that foreign-invested entities operating in restricted 
or prohibited industries will require market entry clearance and other permissions or approvals from relevant PRC government
authorities. On December 27, 2021, the National Development and Reform Commission of China NDRC and the Ministry of Commerce MOFCOM jointly issued the Special Administrative Measures for Foreign Investment Access (Negative List) (2021 Edition),
and the Special Administrative Measures for Foreign Investment Access in Pilot Free Trade Zones (Negative List) (2021 Edition), effective
January 1, 2022. As a company operating its business in pharmaceutical manufacture and distribution, which are not included in the 2021
Negative List, China Health US believes its business is not subject to any ownership restrictions. However, since the Negative List has
been adjusted and updated almost on an annual basis in the recent years, we cannot assure you that the aforementioned business segments
will continuously be beyond the prohibited category, which may significantly limit or completely hinder your ability to
offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. The
PRC government will also establish a foreign investment information reporting system, according to which foreign investors or foreign-invested
enterprises shall submit investment information to the competent department for commerce concerned through the enterprise registration
system and the enterprise credit information publicity system, and a security review system under which the security review shall be conducted
for foreign investment affecting or likely affecting the state security. 

The Chinese government has exercised and continues
to exercise substantial control over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy through regulation and state ownership. Furthermore,
recent statements made by the Chinese government have indicated an intent to increase the government s oversight and control over
offerings of companies with significant operations in China that are to be conducted in foreign markets, as well as foreign investment
in China-based issuers like us. Our ability to operate in China may be harmed by changes in its laws and regulations. The central or local
governments of these jurisdictions may impose new, stricter regulations or interpretations of existing regulations that would require
additional expenditures and efforts on our part to ensure our compliance with such regulations or interpretations. Accordingly, government
actions in the future could have a significant effect on economic conditions in China or particular regions thereof, and could require
us to divest ourselves of any interest we then hold in Chinese properties. As such, our business segments may be subject to various government
and regulatory interference in the provinces in which they operate. We may incur increased costs necessary to comply with existing and
newly adopted laws and regulations or penalties for any failure to comply. The Chinese government may intervene or influence our operations
at any time with little advance notice, which could result in a material change in our operations and in the value of our ordinary shares.
Any actions by the Chinese government to exert more oversight and control over transaction that are conducted overseas and/or foreign
investment in China-based issuers could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities
to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

On February 17, 2023, the CSRC promulgated the
Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (the Trial Measures ), which
became effective on March 31, 2023. The Trial Measures clarified and emphasized several aspects, which include but are not limited to:
(1) criteria and exemptions to determine whether an issuer will be required to go through the filing procedures under the Trial Measures;
(2) a negative list of types of issuers banned from listing or offering overseas, such as issuers whose affiliates have been recently
convicted of bribery and corruption; (3) issuers compliance with web security, data security, and other national security laws
and regulations; (4) issuers filing and reporting obligations, such as obligation to file with the CSRC after it submits an application
for initial public offering to overseas regulators, and obligation after offering or listing overseas to report to the CSRC material events
including change of control or voluntary or forced delisting of the issuer. Because the Company s shares have been trading on the
over-the-counter market, the Trial Measures do not impose additional regulatory burden on us beyond the obligation to report to the CSRC
any future offerings of our securities, or material events such as a change of control. As the Trial Measures are newly issued, there
remains uncertainty as to how it will be interpreted or implemented. Therefore, there is uncertainty that if we are subject to such filing
requirements under the Trial Measures, we will be able to get clearance from the CSRC in a timely fashion. 

11 

Permissions and Approvals 

Recently, the General Office of the Central Committee
of the Communist Party of China and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued the Opinions on Severe and Lawful Crackdown
on Illegal Securities Activities, which was available to the public on July 6, 2021. These opinions emphasized the need to strengthen
the administration over illegal securities activities and the supervision on overseas listings by China-based companies. These opinions
proposed to take effective measures, such as promoting the construction of relevant regulatory systems, to deal with the risks and incidents
facing China-based overseas-listed companies and the demand for cybersecurity and data privacy protection. Moreover, on January 4, 2022,
thirteen PRC regulatory agencies, namely, the Cyberspace Administration of China CAC ), the NDRC, the Ministry of Industry
and Information Technology, the Ministry of Public Security, the Ministry of State Security, the Ministry of Finance, MOFCOM, China State
Administration for Market Regulation SAMR ), the China Securities Regulatory Commission CSRC ), the People s
Bank of China, the National Radio and Television Administration, National Administration of State Secrets Protection Network Data Security
(draft for public comments), and the National Cryptography Administration, jointly adopted and published the Measures for Cybersecurity
Review (2021), which became effective on February 15, 2022. The Measures for Cybersecurity Review (2021) required that, among others,
in addition to operator of critical information infrastructure , any operator of network platform holding personal
information of more than one million users which seeks to list in a foreign stock exchange should also be subject to cybersecurity review.
As of the date of this annual report, (i) the Company does not hold personal information of over one million users; (ii) the Company does
not involve data processing activities that affect or may affect national security, and (iii) the Company has not been informed by any
PRC governmental authority of any requirement that it file for a cybersecurity review; therefore, based on the foregoing, the Company
believes it is not required to pass cybersecurity review of CAC. However, we cannot assure you that the Company will remain fully compliant
with all new regulatory requirements of these opinions or any future implementation rules on a timely basis, or at all and any failure
to comply with applicable laws and obligations could have a material and adverse effect on our business, our trading, our financial condition,
and our results of operations. 

As of the date of this annual report, the Company
has obtained all the approvals and permissions required to operate business in the relevant industry. A list of permissions and approvals
is below: 

No. 
 
 Name
 of Certificate/License 
 
 Issued
 Entity 
 
 Issuing
 Authority 
 
 Issuance
 Date 
 
 Expiration
 Date 
 
 1 
 
 Food Manufacturing Certificate 
 
 Harbin Humankind Biology Technology Co., Limited 
 
 Heilongjiang Harbin New District Administrative Examination and Approval Bureau 
 
 December 6, 2021 
 
 December 5, 2026 
 
 2 
 
 Food Distribution License 
 
 Harbin Humankind Biology Technology Co., Limited 
 
 Heilongjiang Harbin New District Administrative Examination and Approval Bureau 
 
 February 14, 2019 
 
 February 13, 2024 

However, if China Health US or its PRC subsidiaries
i) do not maintain such permissions or approvals; (ii) inadvertently conclude that such permissions or approvals are not required; or
(iii) applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change and we are required to obtain such permissions or approvals, we may have
to spend great efforts and expenses to obtain such clearance, otherwise it may materially and adversely affect our business, operating
results, financial condition and the value of our ordinary shares, significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue
to offer securities to investors, or cause such securities to significantly decline in value or become worthless. 

Hemp and its Market and Industry in the PRC 

Hemp was originated from the middle and lower
reaches of Yellow River with over eight-thousand years planting history. The hemp textile technology in our country has matured
as early as two thousand years in the Western Han Dynasty. Plain Color Zen Clothing , coming up from Han Tombs at Mawangdui
and other hemp textile products have become the milestone in the developing history of hemp textile technology. 

Hemp, also known as Huoma, Xianma, Kuima, Hanma,
Dama. Species that containing less than 0.3 of tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) is considered as Hemp, and more than 0.3 is considered as
Marijuana and Hashish internationally. Hemp is a kind of economic plant with special effects and can be grown in large areas in all parts
of China. It has low requirements for soil and climate and can grow on relatively barren land. Planting hemp has become a way to get rich
and get out of poverty in some poor areas. 

12 

Hemp is full of treasures. The skin, stem, seed,
root, leaf and flower of hemp have utility value which can be widely applied in the fields of textile, paper-making, food, medicine, construction,
transportation, national defense and military industry and so on. As a kind of traditional economic plant, hemp fiber has the functions
of moisture absorption and perspiration, natural antimicrobial health care, good quality of adsorption, excellent quality of anti-UV and
unique wave adsorption and sound attenuation. The stem of hemp has high degree of lignification and can be used to produce high value
biologic additives, viscose fibers, top grade cigarette paper and wooden ceramics and so on. The leaf and flower of hemp can be used to
produce various kinds of health products and the seed of hemp can be used to manufacture top grade edible oil, essential oil and hemp
protein. 

A hemp plant contains over 400 kinds of chemical
components and can be divided into cannabinoid and non-cannabinoid compounds. Cannabinol (CBN) in cannabinoid has the functions of anti-inflammatory,
analgesia, anti-convulsion and suppressing female hormone secretion. Cannabidiol (CBD) has the functions of anti-inflammatory, sterilization,
analgesia, antianxiety, antipsychotic, antioxidation, neural protection, reducing enterocinesia and improving learning and memory ability. 

Hemp is the major high-yielding crop of making
traditional fiber products in China. It is a kind of high value-added economic crop with a wide range of uses and multi-purpose crop with
market prospects that provides fiber, hemp stem and seed. Hemp has many unique natural characteristics, especially its environmental benefits
and its natural versatility, which is a valuable kind of crop for ecological economy. 

Textiles, clothing, military industry, construction
materials, food, medicines, health supplements, cosmetics and skin care products of the downstream of hemp industry in China are relatively
well-developed. The bottleneck that restricts the development of downstream industries is that the cultivation of hemp in the upstream
has long been the planting mode of scattered peasant households, and has not formed large-scale industrialized cultivation and local initial
processing capacity. 

After years of development, Chinese consumers
have gradually rationalized their attitude and behavior in the consumption of health care products, paying more attention to the safety
and efficacy of health care products. At the same time, the government has gradually improved the laws and regulations of the health care
industry and tightened its supervision. 

The rejuvenation of the modern industry of hemp
resulted from the major breakthrough in research and mass production of hemp. Firstly, cultivate new varieties of hemp with low activity
of anesthetic in agricultural scientific research. The main component of these varieties of anesthetics is THC and the content of THC
is controlled at 0.3 which approximates to non-toxicity. This has led to a renewed understanding and affirmation of the industrial use
of hemp, and made the cultivation of hemp mechanize, effectively contributing to the development of hemp industry. 

In order to meet the needs of the development
of domestic and foreign market, China has successively reactivated the hemp industry projects in Yunnan, Heilongjiang, Shandong, Shanxi,
Anhui and Hubei provinces to set up factories and scientific research institutes to carry out research and development of various products.
The natural functional advantages of its related products are favored by consumers at home and abroad. The products are exported to countries
such as the United States, Canada, Australia, Japan, and Korea. Currently, related products of hemp have also become an export-oriented
pillar industry in China. 

At present, on the basis of solving scientific
and technological problems of deep degumming of hemp, extraction of fine fiber, extraction of CBD, purification of hemp seed oil, extraction
of essential oil of hemp, extraction of hemp protein, biocomposites, fiber reinforced composite materials, carry out pilot plant test
and industrialized mass production of related products of hemp, and gradually develop the deep comprehensive utilization of hemp products,
demonstrating the strength of deep processing in the hemp industry. 

Competition in the Healthcare Products Industry 

We believe our competitors are: 

Harbin DaZhong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Located
in Harbin, Heilongjiang Province); 

Tsinghua Unisplendour Corporation Limited (Located
in Weihai City, Shandong Province); 

Heilongjiang Tianlong Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd
(Located in Heilongjiang Province); 

HPGC Renmintongtai Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd (Located
in Heilongjiang Province); and 

Yunnan Hansu Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (Located
in Yunnan Province). 

13 

Our Competitive Advantages and Strategy 

We believe that we have the following advantages
over our competitors: 

We have more categories of products and a diversified production line; 

We have a strong and effective research and development team; 

We are a self-owned enterprise, and have the support of the local government; and 

We have a geographical advantage being located in Heilongjiang Province, the center of the healthcare industry in the PRC. 

Sales and Marketing 

We plan to open more chain stores throughout the
PRC. Customers of our stores would be able to enjoy discounts on the price of our products and services. After establishing a sufficient
number of stores, we plan to develop a 24-hour delivery system for our B2C e-business. 

Intellectual Property 

We received a patent (200610010394.4) for our
 Qunle brand Sailuozhi soft capsule from the National Bureau of Intellectual Property. We had initially applied for and used
the trade name of RunChao soft capsules, but the trade name was changed to Qunle , and the change was approved
by the National Bureau of Intellectual Property. The expiration date for Qunle is May 12, 2030. 

Pursuant to a Technology Transfer Agreement dated
October 12, 2007 Kindlink Technology Transfer Agreement ), we purchased, for a total of RMB350,000, the technology, manufacturing,
and trademark rights to the health product known as Kindlink brand propolis and black ant capsule made from propolis, black
ant, acanthopanax, astragalus root from Jindelikang. The change of the ownership was approved by the NMPA. This product is consumed to
boost one s immunity. The certification number issued by the NMPA on August 20, 2004, to permit the manufacture of the product is
GuoShiJianZi G20040906. We have no continuing obligations under the Kindlink Technology Transfer Agreement. 

As of the date of this report, we have registered
the following 14 trademarks (1) : 

Trademark 
 
 Certificate No. 
 
 Category 
 
 Registrant 
 
 Valid Term 
 
 Qunle 
 
 3896026 
 
 No.5: Food preparations adapted for medical purposes; Albuminous milk; Dietetic beverages adapted for medical purposes; Milk sugar; Diabetic bread; Albuminous foodstuffs for medical purposes; Food for babies; Dietetic substances adapted for medical use; Nutritional additives for medical purposes 
 
 Humankind 
 
 7/7/2016 to 7/6/2026 

Wangzu 
 
 4857905 
 
 No.30: Molasses for food; Honey; pollen healthy grease; tortoise tuchahoe paste; breed columbine extract; helix alga; non-medical nutrition liquid; non-medical nutrition powder; non-medical nutrition capsule; sugar candy bird s nest 
 
 Humankind 
 
 5/14/2018 to 5/13/2028 

Kindlink 
 
 3236981 
 
 No.5: Food preparations adapted for medical purposes; Dietetic substances adapted for medical use 
 
 Humankind 
 
 12/7/2013 to 12/06/2023 

Huimeijia 
 
 5280303 
 
 No.5: Medicine for human consumption; Medical nutrition capsule; Fibres (Edible plant) [non-nutritive]; Injection; Raw material drug; Troche; suppository; Food preparations adapted for medical purposes; Dietetic foods adapted for medical purposes; Dietetic substances adapted for medical use 
 
 Humankind 
 
 7/21/2019 to 7/20/2029 

Huide 
 
 5280304 
 
 No.5: Medicines for human consumption; Medical nutrition capsule; Fibres (Edible plant) [non-nutritive]; Injection; Raw material drug; Troche; suppository; Food preparations adapted for medical purposes; Dietetic foods adapted for medical purposes; Dietetic substances adapted for medical use 
 
 Humankind 
 
 7/21/2019 to 7/20/2029 

14 

Trademark 
 
 Certificate No. 
 
 Category 
 
 Registrant 
 
 Valid Term 

KDLK 
 
 3230404 
 
 No.5: Food preparations adapted for medical purposes; Dietetic foods adapted for medical purposes; Dietetic substances adapted for medical use 
 
 Humankind 
 
 9/28/2023 to 9/27/2033 

dr.xiao 
 
 5176731 
 
 No.5: Disinfectant; Medicines for veterinary purposes; Insecticide; Sanitary napkin; Medicine health bag; Dental lacquer 
 
 Humankind 
 
 8/14/2019 to 8/13/2029 

dr.xiao 
 
 1610828 
 
 No.30: non-medical nutrition liquid; non-medical nutrition cream; non-medical nutrition powder; Honey; non-medical nutrition capsule; non-medical nutrition gum; Candy for food; Spirulina (non-medical nutrient); Candy; Pollen healthy grease 
 
 Humankind 
 
 7/28/2021 to 7/27/2031 

DaLeNing 
 
 5053772 
 
 No.5: Medicine for human; Chinese patent drugs; Suppository; Tincture; Water aqua; Paste; Liniment; Medical lotion; Patch; Chemical pharmaceuticals preparations 
 
 HLJ Huimeijia 
 
 5/7/2019 to 5/6/2029 

Xuedu 
 
 5053657 
 
 No.5: Medicine for human; Chinese patent drugs; Suppository; Tincture; Water aqua; Paste; Liniment; Medical lotion; Patch; Chemical pharmaceuticals preparations 
 
 HLJ Huimeijia 
 
 5/7/2019 to 5/6/2029 

Xuedu with an image 
 
 642099 
 
 No.5: Paste 
 
 HLJ Huimeijia 
 
 5/21/2023 to 5/20/2033 

Tai Yan Li 
 
 10014001 
 
 No.30: Honey, spirulina (non-medical), non-medical nutrient solution, non-medical nutrient lotion, non-medical nutrient powder, non-medical nutrient capsule, pastry, cereal, flour product. 
 
 Humankind 
 
 11/28/2022 to 11/27/2032 

Tai Yan Li 
 
 10013969 
 
 No.3: Cleanser lotion, soup, anti -bacterial hand soup, cleanser, cosmetics, conditioning gel, polish, essential oil. 
 
 Humankind 
 
 11/28/2022 to 11/27/2032 

Luo Qian 
 
 8358643 
 
 No.3: essential oil, fragrance essential oil, nourishing essential oil, cosmetic mask, cosmetic tools, cosmetics, cosmetic cleanser, perfume, weight-losing cosmetics, banishing essence. 
 
 Humankind 
 
 6/14/2021 to 6/13/2031 

(1) The
trademarks listed here have been spelt in Pinyin for the U.S. readers convenience. The original trademarks are in Chinese characters. 

15 

We have the right to use the following patents
under the approval of National Bureau of Intellectual Property: 

Patent 
 
 Categories 
 
 Name 
 
 Inventor/Designer 
 
 Patent No. 
 
 Duration 
 
 Owner 
 
 Invention Patent 
 
 Runchao Soft Capsule and Its Manufacturing Method 
 
 Xin Sun 
 
 ZL200610010394.4 

August 10, 2006- 
August 9, 2026 
 
 Xin Sun 

Mr.
Sun verbally authorized the Company the right to use the patent. 

The following is a list of our patent applications: 

The applicant of all the following patents is
Humankind, with their inventor being Mr. Xin Sun. In March 2017, we submitted the below patent applications which are currently in the
reviewing process and pending for approval. 

Serial No. 
 
 Name 
 
 Application 
 
 Technology Field 
 
 1 
 
 Cannabidiol (CBD) Cataplasmata 
 
 Cannabidiol (CBD) is used for relieving muscle pain and its preparation method. 
 
 The invention belongs to the research and application field of industrial hemp and relates to a kind of cataplasmata, in particular to Cannabidiol (CBD) which is used for relieving muscle pain and its preparation method. 

2 
 
 Cannabidiol (CBD) Suspension 
 
 Cannabidiol (CBD) Suspension is used for treating arthritis and its preparation method. 
 
 The invention relates to the field of pharmaceutical preparations, in particular to a kind of Cannabidiol (CBD) Suspension which is used for treating arthritis and its preparation method. 

3 
 
 Cannabidiol (CBD) Gel 
 
 Cannabidiol (CBD) Gel has the effect of relieving nervous headache and its preparation method. 
 
 The invention relates to gel preparations for medicine, in particular to a kind of Cannabidiol (CBD) Gel which has the effect of relieving nervous headache and its preparation method. 

4 
 
 Cannabidiol (CBD) Paste 
 
 Cannabidiol (CBD) Paste has the effect of relieving swelling and pain and its preparation method. 
 
 The invention relates to the field of medicine, in particular to a kind of Cannabidiol (CBD) Paste which has the effect of relieving swelling and pain and its preparation method. 

16 

Serial No. 
 
 Name 
 
 Application 
 
 Technology Field 

5 
 
 Cannabidiol (CBD) Soft Capsule 
 
 Cannabidiol (CBD) Soft Capsule has the effect of improving diabetes and its preparation method. 
 
 The invention relates to the field of soft capsule, in particular to a kind of Cannabidiol (CBD) Soft Capsule which has the effect of improving diabetes and its preparation method. 

6 
 
 Cannabidiol (CBD) Suppository 
 
 Cannabidiol (CBD) Suppository has the effect of heat sterilization and its preparation method. 
 
 The invention relates to the field of medicine, in particular to a kind of Cannabidiol (CBD) Suppository which has the effect of heat sterilization and its preparation method. 

7 
 
 Cannabidiol (CBD) Plaster 
 
 Cannabidiol (CBD) Rubber Plaster has the effect of treating old bone disease and its preparation method. 
 
 The invention relates to the field of medical plaster, in particular to a kind of Cannabidiol (CBD) Rubber Plaster which has the effect of treating old bone disease and its preparation method. 

8 
 
 Cannabidiol (CBD) Rubber Plaster 
 
 Cannabidiol (CBD) Rubber Plaster has the effect of dispelling wind and eliminating dampness and its preparation method. 
 
 The invention relates to the field of medical plaster, in particular to a kind of Cannabidiol (CBD) Rubber Plaster which has the effect of dispelling wind and eliminating dampness and its preparation method. 

9 
 
 Cannabidiol (CBD) Liquid Pharmaceutical Preparations 
 
 Cannabidiol (CBD) Liquid Pharmaceutical Preparations has the anti-anxiety effect and its preparation method. 
 
 The invention relates to the field of liquid pharmaceutical preparations, in particular to a kind of Cannabidiol (CBD) Liquid Pharmaceutical Preparations which has the anti-anxiety effect and its preparation method. 

10 
 
 Moisturizing Cream with Hemp Seed Oil 
 
 Moisturizing Cream with Hemp Seed Oil and its preparation method. 
 
 The invention relates to the field of cosmetics, in particular to a kind of Moisturizing Cream which contains hemp seed oil and its preparation method. 

The laws governing our business are as follows: 

Drug administration law of the PRC enacted August 27, 2019 

Healthcare registration and administration law, enacted January 7, 2005 

Measures for the Administration of Pharmaceutical Trade License, enacted January 4, 2004 

Measures for the Supervision Over and Administration of Pharmaceutical Production, enacted May 8, 2004 

Food Safety Law of the PRC, enacted June 1, 2009 

Regulation on the Implementation of the Food Safety Law of the PRC, enacted July 20, 2009 

17 

Regional regulation: Heilongjiang Regional Medicinal Materials Resource Protection Bylaw, enacted January 8, 2005 

Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) Amendment, enacted January 17, 2011 

Hemp Industry 3-year Special Action Plan of Heilongjiang Province (2018-2020) and 

Hemp Legislation of Heilongjiang Province in May 2017. 

In the PRC, a Good Manufacturing Practice Certification GMP Certification is required for companies that produce medical drugs and health supplements. It is also required to
market our medical drugs and health supplements. According to the Administrative Rules of Drug Manufacturing and Certification issued
by the NMPA of the PRC on September 7, 2005, the NMPA is responsible for the review and issuance of GMP Certification. To obtain a GMP
Certification, a company shall submit its application; the NMPA will then conduct a technical review of the application materials; if
such company passes the technical review, the NMPA will inspect the manufacturing site. The NMPA also conducts follow-up inspections on
the manufacturing site. After the issuance of the GMP Certification, the NMPA may inspect the manufacturing site from time to time. However,
instead of issuing GMP, the NMPA now issues SC Permit to food manufacturers in China, allowing them to manufacture and sell health products.
The GMP Certifications of our wholly owned subsidiaries, Humankind, HLJ Huimeijia, are valid through February 14, 2019 and December 31,
2015, respectively. For the GMP Certificate of HLJ Huimeijia, the Company applied for a new certificate, which was obtained on April 25,
2018. Since obtaining the GMP Certification, we have been able to manufacture and market our products without further governmental approval.
As Humankind is in the business of manufacturing and selling health products, it is considered as a food manufacturer in China. Humankind
received its SC Permit on July 26, 2018, which will expire on September 12, 2021.The Company has applied for extension which is expect
to be approved at the end of October 2021. On December 1, 2019 the newly revised Drug Administration Law (the New Law came
into effect. One of the major amendments is the cancellation of GMP certification. The New Law eliminated the requirement that drug administration
authorities shall assess drug manufacture enterprises and drug trading enterprises, and issue assessment certificates. Instead, it requires
that drug manufacturing enterprises and drug trading enterprises establish and improve the quality management systems of manufacture and
trade of drugs, and ensure that the process of manufacturing and trading of drugs always meets all legal requirements. This means a stricter
form of supervision is implemented comparing to the prior GMP certificates system and our production lines are subject pilot inspection
under the New Law. 

PCAOB and Auditor s Regulation 

On April 21, 2020, SEC released a joint statement
highlighting the risks associated with investing in companies based in or have substantial operations in emerging markets including China.
The joint statement emphasized the risks associated with lack of access for the PCAOB to inspect auditors and audit work papers in China
and higher risks of fraud in emerging markets. On May 18, 2020, Nasdaq filed three proposals with the SEC to (i) apply minimum offering
size requirement for companies primarily operating in Restrictive Market , (ii) adopt a new requirement relating to the qualification
of management or board of director for Restrictive Market companies, and (iii) apply additional and more stringent criteria to an applicant
or listed company based on the qualifications of the Company s auditors. 

On May 20, 2020, the U.S. Senate passed the Holding
Foreign Companies Accountable Act (the HFCAA requiring a foreign company to certify it is not owned or controlled by a
foreign government if the PCAOB is unable to audit specified reports because the Company uses a foreign auditor not subject to PCAOB inspection.
If the PCAOB is unable to inspect the Company s auditors for three consecutive years, the issuer s securities are prohibited
to trade on a national securities exchange or in the over the counter trading market in the U.S. On December 18, 2020, the HFCAA was signed
into law. The HFCAA has since then been subject to amendments by the U.S. Congress and interpretations and rulemaking by the SEC. 

18 

On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating
Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, which proposes to reduce the period of time for foreign companies to comply with PCAOB audits
from three to two consecutive years, thus reducing the time period before the securities of such foreign companies may be prohibited from
trading or delisted. On December 29, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023 (the CAA ), which the AHFCAA forms a
part, was signed into law, and it officially reduced the number of consecutive non-inspection years required for triggering the prohibitions
under the HFCAA from three years to two, thus, would reduce the time before an applicable issuer s securities may be prohibited
from trading or delisted. 

On December 16, 2021, PCAOB announced the PCAOB
HFCAA determinations relating to the PCAOB s inability to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered
in mainland China of the PRC or Hong Kong, a Special Administrative Region and dependency of the PRC, because of a position taken by one
or more authorities in the PRC or Hong Kong. The inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of auditors in China made it more difficult
to evaluate the effectiveness of these accounting firms audit procedures or quality control procedures as compared to auditors
outside of China that are subject to the PCAOB inspections, which could cause existing and potential investors in issuers operating in
China to lose confidence in such issuers procedures and reported financial information and the quality of financial statements. 

Our auditor, Centurion ZD CPA Co., the independent
registered public accounting firm that issues the audit report included herein, as an auditor of companies that are traded publicly in
the United States and a firm registered with the PCAOB, is subject to laws in the United States pursuant to which the PCAOB conducts regular
inspections to assess our auditor s compliance with the applicable professional standards. Our auditor is headquartered in Hong
Kong, and was listed as an account firm subject to the Hong Kong determination in the PCAOB s HFCAA Determination Report dated December
2021 (the PCAOB 2021 Determinations ), as an accounting firm the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely. 

On August 26, 2022, the PCAOB announced and signed
a Statement of Protocol (the Protocol with the China Securities Regulatory Commission and the Ministry of Finance of the
People s Republic of China (together, the PRC Authorities ). The Protocol provides the PCAOB with: (1) sole discretion
to select the firms, audit engagements and potential violations it inspects and investigates, without any involvement of Chinese authorities;
(2) procedures for PCAOB inspectors and investigators to view complete audit work papers with all information included and for the PCAOB
to retain information as needed; (3) direct access to interview and take testimony from all personnel associated with the audits the PCAOB
inspects or investigates. 

On October 21, 2022, the SEC issued its updated
 Conclusive list of issuers identified under the HFCAA (the List indicating that those companies
are now formally subject to the trading prohibition provisions if they remain on the List for two consecutive years, which we are included.
As of the date of this transition report, more than 170 public companies have been listed in as issuers identified under the AHFCAA, including
us. As we have been conclusively identified on October 21, 2022, if we continue to be so identified on the list until October 21, 2024,
the SEC will be required under the HFCAA to prohibit the trading of our securities on a national securities exchange and in the over-the-counter
market. 

On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB announced in its
2022 HFCAA Determination Report (the 2022 Report its determination that the PCAOB was able to secure complete access to
inspect and investigate audit firms in the People s Republic of China (PRC), and the PCAOB Board voted to vacate previous determinations
to the contrary. According to the 2022 Report, this determination was reached after the PCAOB had thoroughly tested compliance with every
aspect of the Protocol necessary to determine complete access, including on-site inspections and investigations in a manner fully consistent
with the PCAOB s methodology and approach in the U.S. and globally. According to the 2022 Report, the PRC Authorities had fully
assisted and cooperated with the PCAOB in carrying out the inspections and investigations according to the Protocol, and have agreed to
continue to assist the PCAOB s investigations and inspections in the future. Thus the PCAOB has vacated the PCAOB 2021 Determinations,
including the determination that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely our auditor. The PCAOB may reassess its determinations
and issue new determinations consistent with the HFCAA at any time. We cannot assure you that the PRC Authorities will continue to fully
assist the PCAOB in the future. The PRC Authorities may, in the future, prevent or hinder the PCAOB from continuing to inspect or investigate,
either partially or completely, accounting firms headquartered in mainland China or Hong Kong, in which case we may get delisted from
the OTC Market if PCAOB determines that it is not able to fully inspect and investigate our auditors for two consecutive years if we do
not in time engage an alternative auditor fully subject to PCAOB inspection and investigation. 

19 

Further developments related to the HFCAA could
add uncertainties to our offering. Although PCAOB has now temporarily confirm the capability to inspect the auditors firms in PRC, and
thus the AHFCAA and the List will not affect our listing, we cannot assure you that will always be the case and what further actions the
SEC, the PCAOB or the stock exchanges will take to address these issues and what impact such actions will have on U.S. companies that
have significant operations in the PRC and have securities listed on a U.S. stock exchange (including a national securities exchange or
over-the-counter stock market). In addition, any additional actions, proceedings, or new rules resulting from these efforts to increase
U.S. regulatory access to audit information could create uncertainty for investors, the market price of our ordinary shares could be adversely
affected, and trading of our securities could become prohibited if we or our auditor are unable to meet the PCAOB inspection requirement.
Such a trading prohibitions would substantially impair your ability to sell or purchase our ordinary shares when you wish to do so, and
would have negative impacts on trading our ordinary shares, including decrease in trading price, increase in price volatility, decrease
in trading volume and liquidity, and loss of trading venues. 

Enforceability 

China Health US is a Delaware holding company
with its operation in PRC conducted by its PRC subsidiaries, with substantially all of the Company s assets located there. In addition,
all Company s senior executive officers, all reside within China for a significant portion of the time and most are PRC nationals.
As a result, it may be difficult for the shareholders to effect service of process upon China Health US or those persons inside China. 

Shareholder claims that are common in the United
States, including securities law class actions and fraud claims, generally are difficult to pursue as a matter of law or practicality
in China. For example, in China, there are significant legal and other obstacles to obtaining information needed for shareholder investigations
or litigation outside China or otherwise with respect to foreign entities. Although the local authorities in China may establish a regulatory
cooperation mechanism with the securities regulatory authorities of another country or region to implement cross-border supervision and
administration, such regulatory cooperation with the securities regulatory authorities in the Unities States have not been efficient in
the absence of mutual and practical cooperation mechanism. 

As China does not have treaties providing for
the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments of courts with the United States and many other countries and regions, recognition
and enforcement in China of judgments of a court in any of these non-PRC jurisdictions in relation to any matter not subject to a binding
arbitration provision may be difficult or impossible. As a result, it may be difficult to enforce against us or them judgments obtained
in United States courts, including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States
or any state in the United States. It may also be difficult for a shareholder to enforce judgments obtained in U.S. courts based on the
civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against us and these persons located in China. 

Employees 

As of June 30, 2023, we have 32 full-time employees
including 6 officers, 5 administrators, 12 workers, 4 technicians, and 5 accountants. Besides, we have 2 sales persons as part-time employees.
We believe that we are in compliance with local prevailing wage, contractor licensing and insurance regulations, and have good relations
with our employees. 

20 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

We are a smaller reporting company and therefore
this item is not applicable to us. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not applicable. 

Item 1C. Cybersecurity 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

There is no private land ownership in PRC. Enterprises
and individuals can pay the government a fee to obtain a right to use a piece of land for commercial purpose or residential purpose for
an initial period of 50 years or 70 years, respectively. The land use right can be sold, purchased, and exchanged in the market. The land
use right of a successor owner will be reduced by the amount of time consumed by the predecessor owner. 

We manufacture our products on a plot of land
located in Jin Xing Industrial Park, Songbei District, Harbin. On June 7, 2004, the Company entered into a Land Use Purchase Contract
with the local government, pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase the right to use a piece of land, approximately 8 acres (32,000
square meters), located in Harbin County, Heilongjiang Province for commercial purposes for a fifty-year period from June 7, 2004 through
June 6, 2054, for 637,261 (RMB 5,248,000). The Company fully paid to the government the consideration for the land use right on June
13, 2004. The Department of Housing and Urban Development of Harbin City approved this transaction. The Company is in the process of applying
for the title certificate from the local government. Due to certain re-zoning conducted by the local government, the estimate time to
receive the title certificate is uncertain. The Company is striving to accelerate the process. The manufacturing facility on the land
is 4,000 square meters and there are five production lines which are sufficient for our operation. We package our products in bottles,
plastic containers and aluminum foil bags. 

Since we acquired HLJ Huimeijia on November 22,
2013, we also manufacture our medicines and drugs using HLJ Huimeijia s land, approximately 43,350 square meters, located in Hai-lin
Economic Development Zone, Mudanjiang City. The manufacturing facilities occupy approximately 5,710 square meters. We plan to build new
manufacturing facilities on the land. The expected construction cost is approximately 7,520,000 (RMB 50,000,000). 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We do not know of any material, active, pending
or threatened proceeding against us or our subsidiaries, nor are we, or any subsidiary, involved as a plaintiff or defendant in any material
proceeding or pending litigation. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

This item is not applicable to us. 

21 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

Our common stock is quoted over-the-counter on
the OTC Markets QB Tier under the ticker CHHE and the market for the stock has been relatively inactive. The quotations
on the OTC Markets reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission, and may not necessarily represent actual
transactions. 

As of November 10, 2023, we had approximately
502 shareholders of record of our common stock, such number of holders does not include street name holders who hold shares by brokerage
firms. The holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders.
Holders of the common stock have no preemptive rights and no right to convert their common stock into any other securities. There are
no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. 

Dividends 

We have not paid dividends on our common stock
and do not anticipate to pay such dividends in the foreseeable future. We will rely on dividends from Humankind for our funds and PRC
regulations may limit the amount of funds distributed to us from Humankind, which will affect our ability to declare any dividends. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under
Equity Compensation Plans 

On March 27, 2015 the Board of Directors (the
 Board adopted the Company s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), which became effective as of such
date. The total number of authorized shares under the Plan is 6,000,000 shares of common stock. 

The following table summarizes the number of shares
of our common stock authorized for issuance under our Plan as of June 30, 2023. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Plan category 
 Number
of 
securities 
to be issued 
upon 
exercise of 
outstanding 
options, 
warrants 
and rights 
(a) 
 Weighted- 
 average 
exercise 
price of 
outstanding 
options, 
warrants 
and rights 
(b) 
 Number
of 
securities 
remaining 
available for 
future 
issuance 
under equity 
compensation 
plans 
(excluding 
securities 
reflected in 
column(a)) 
(c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 2,700,000 (1) 
 
 Total 

2,700,000 

(1) The
Company granted an aggregate of 3.3 million shares of restricted shares to its CEO and an employee on March 30, 2015. The shares of the
Company are quoted on the OTC Markets. As a result, no security holders approval is required for the Company s adoption
of an equity compensation plan. 

22 

Registrar and Stock Transfer Agent 

Our stock transfer agent is Direct Transfer LLC
at 1981 Murray Holladay Road, Suite 100, Salt Lake City, UT 84117. Their telephone number is (801) 272-9294, and their fax number is (801)
277-3147. 

Shares Eligible for Future Sale 

There is no active trading market for our common
stock. Future sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the trading market could adversely affect market prices. 

Penny Stock Regulations 

Our shares of common stock are subject to the
 penny stock rules of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and various rules
thereunder. In general terms, penny stock is defined as any equity security that has a market price less than 5.00 per
share, subject to certain exceptions. The rules provide that any equity security is considered to be a penny stock unless that security
is registered and traded on a national securities exchange meeting specified criteria set by the SEC, issued by a registered investment
company, and excluded from the definition on the basis of price (at least 5.00 per share), or based on the issuer s net tangible
assets or revenues. In the last case, the issuer s net tangible assets must exceed 3,000,000 if in continuous operation for at
least three years or 5,000,000 if in operation for less than three years or the issuer s average revenues for each of the past
three years must exceed 6,000,000. 

Trading in shares of penny stock is subject to
additional sales practice requirements for broker-dealers who sell penny stocks to persons other than established customers and accredited
investors. Accredited investors, in general, include individuals with assets in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000
(or 300,000 together with their spouse), and certain institutional investors. For transactions covered by these rules, broker-dealers
must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of the security and must have received the purchaser s written consent
to the transaction prior to the purchase. Additionally, for any transaction involving a penny stock, the rules require the delivery, prior
to the first transaction, of a risk disclosure document relating to the penny stock. A broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions
payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, and current quotations for the security. Finally, monthly statements
must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stocks. These rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to trade
or maintain a market in our common stock, to the extent it is penny stock, and may affect the ability of shareholders to sell their shares. 

Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Repurchase of Equity Securities 

None. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

We make certain forward-looking statements in
this report. Statements concerning our future operations, prospects, strategies, financial condition, future economic performance (including
growth and earnings), demand for our services, and other statements of our plans, beliefs, or expectations, including the statements contained
under this caption as well as under captions elsewhere in this document, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, these statements
are identifiable through the use of words such as anticipate , believe , estimate , expect ,
 intend , plan , project , target , can , could , may ,
 should , will , would , and similar expressions. The forward-looking statements we make are not
guarantees of future performance and are subject to various assumptions, risks, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those suggested by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties, together with the other risks described
from time to time in reports and documents that we file with the SEC should be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements. Because
such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements. Indeed, it is likely that some of our assumptions will prove to be incorrect. Our actual results and financial position will
vary from those projected or implied in the forward-looking statements and the variances may be material. You are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which reflect our view only as of the date of this report. 

23 

Important factors that could cause actual results
to differ from those in the forward-looking statements include, without limitation, the following: 

the effect of political conditions, economic conditions, market conditions, and geopolitical events; 

legislative and regulatory changes that affect our business; 

the availability of funds and working capital; and 

the actions and initiatives of current and potential competitors. 

Except as required by applicable laws, regulations,
or rules, we do not undertake any responsibility to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to take into account
events or circumstances that occur after the date of this report. Additionally, we do not undertake any responsibility to update you on
the occurrence of any unanticipated events which may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking
statements. 

The following discussion and analysis should be
read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto as filed with the SEC and other financial
information contained elsewhere in this report. 

Except as otherwise indicated by the context,
references in this report to we , us , our , the Registrant , our Company ,
or the Company are to China Health Industries Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, China Health Industries Holdings Limited,
a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Hong Kong, its wholly owned subsidiary in China, Harbin Humankind Biology Technology
Co. Limited Humankind ), and indirect wholly owned subsidiary, Heilongjiang Huimeijia Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. HLJ
Huimeijia ). Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to (i) the PRC and China are to the
People s Republic of China; (ii) U.S. dollar, and US are to United States dollars;
(iii) RMB are to Renminbi Yuan of China; (iv) Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended;
and (v) Exchange Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Business Overview 

Our principal business operations are conducted
through our wholly-owned subsidiaries, Humankind and HLJ Huimeijia. 

The Company owns a GMP-certified plant and production
facilities and has the capacity to produce 21 different NMPA-approved medicines, 14 NMPA-approved health supplement products and 10 hemp
derivative products in soft capsule, hard capsule, tablet, granule, oral liquid forms. These products address the needs of some key sectors
in China, including the feminine, geriatric, and children s markets. 

HLJ Huimeijia was founded on October 30, 2003
and its latest GMP certificate is effective until April 24, 2023. On December 1, 2019, NMPA announced that it will no longer issue GMP
certificate for any pharmaceutical companies. However, NMPA will carry out conformity inspection to do compliance testing, as well as
flight check (unannounced inspection) for all pharmaceutical companies. HLJ Huimeijia engages in the manufacture and distribution of tincture,
ointments, rubber paste, including hormones, topical solution, suppositories, enemas, oral liquids, and liniment, including traditional
Chinese medicine extractions. HLJ Huimeijia s predecessor was Heilongjiang Xue Du Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., which established brand
recognition in the market through its supply of high-quality drug products. HLJ Huimeijia is a high and new technology enterprise
that provides the most comprehensive types of topical medical products in Heilongjiang Province, a northeastern province of China. 

We have developed the following products that
are derived from hemp and obtained business license to manufacture and sell these products. We have begun to sell these products since
May 2018. Hemp Seed Beer, Hemp Oil, Hemp Protein Powder, Hemp Polypeptide and Collagen Peptide are sold through Humankind. Other products
are sold through HLJ Huimeijia. The revenue of the Hemp Seed Beer, Hemp Oil and Hemp Seed accounted for 100 and nil of the total revenues
for the fiscal year of 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Serial No. 
 
 Name 
 
 1 
 
 Hemp Oil 
 
 2 
 
 Hemp Protein Powder 
 
 3 
 
 Hemp Polypeptide 
 
 4 
 
 Collagen Peptide 
 
 5 
 
 Natural Hemp Essence Repair Lotion 
 
 6 
 
 Natural Hemp Revitalizing Essence 
 
 7 
 
 Natural Hemp Anit-aging Brightening Eye Cream 
 
 8 
 
 Natural Hemp Frozen Age Nourishing Cream 
 
 9 
 
 Hemp Seed Beer 
 
 10 
 
 Hemp Seed 

We sell most of our products to sales agents, who
are our customers. The sales agents sell the products to the end users. 

2023 Outlook 

Overall, we anticipate our total revenues for
the year ended June 30, 2024 to reach to 5.5 million, with growth in all categories of our product sales, including the anticipated revenue
from Humankind for approximately 0.5 million, from HLJ Huimeijia for approximately 1.5 million and from HempCan for approximately 3.5
million. The gross profit margin for the year ended June 30, 2024 is expected to be approximately 40 , and we estimate our overall net
profit margin for the year ended June 30, 2024 to be approximately 15 . There is, however, no assurance that we will reach these projections. 

24 

Results of Operations 

The following table summarizes the top lines
of the results of our operations for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively: 

June 30, 
2023 
 June 30, 
2022 
 Variance 

Revenues 
 111,579 
 267 
 111,312 
 41,689.9 
 
 Humankind 
 111,579 
 - 
 111,579 
 100.0 
 
 HLJ Huimeijia 
 - 
 267 
 (267 
 (100.0 
 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 111,359 
 1,748 
 109,611 
 6,270.7 
 
 Humankind 
 111,359 
 - 
 111,359 
 100.0 
 
 HLJ Huimeijia 
 - 
 1,748 
 (1,748 
 (100.0 
 
 Gross Profit/(Loss) 
 220 
 (1,481 
 1,701 
 (114.9 
 
 Humankind 
 220 
 - 
 220 
 100.0 
 
 HLJ Huimeijia 
 - 
 (1,481 
 1,481 
 (100.0 

Revenue 

Total
revenues of the Company increased by 111,312 or 41,689.9 , for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022.
The increase in revenues was primarily due to an increase of 111,579 or 100.0 in Humankind s
revenues for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022.The increase in Humankind s
sales revenues was primarily derived from selling a new product, Hemp Seed Beer and selling raw material Hemp Seed. 

Our
total cost of sales increased by 109,611 or 6,270.7 for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022. The
increase in the overall cost of sales was attributable to an increase of 111,359 or 100.0 in Humankind s
cost of sales in 2023 as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022. The increase in Humankind s
sales revenues was primarily derived from cost on selling a new product, Hemp Seed Beer and selling raw material Hemp Seed. 

Our gross profit increased by 1,701 from gross
loss 1,481 for the year ended June 30, 2022 to 220 for the year ended June 30, 2023. This change was consistent with the change of sales
and costs in Humankind. This growth mainly comes from the sales of the new product hemp seed beer and the raw material hemp seed. 

Sales by Product Line 

The following table summarizes a breakdown of
our sales by major product line for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively: 

June 30, 2023 
 June 30, 2022 

Quantity 
 Sales 
 
 Quantity 
 Sales 

(Unit) 
 US 
 of 
 (Unit) 
 US 
 of 
 
 Humankind 

Hemp Oil 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Collagen Peptide 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Hemp Polypeptide 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Hemp Protein Powder 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Hemp Seed Beer 
 14,202 
 75,063 
 67.3 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Hemp Seed 
 35,000 
 36,516 
 32.7 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 HLJ Huimeijia 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Natural Hemp Cosmetics 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Muskiness Bone Strengthener Paste 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 223 
 18 
 6.7 
 
 ShangBiTongDing 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Indometacin and Furazolidone Suppositories 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 383 
 32 
 12.1 
 
 Enema Glycerini 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Ge Hong Beriberi Water 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 UmguentumAcidi Borici Camphoratum 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Injury and Rheumatism Relieving Paste 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,852 
 152 
 56.9 
 
 Refining GouPi Cream 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 788 
 65 
 24.3 
 
 Natural Hemp supplies 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 
 111,579 
 100.0 
 
 267 
 100.0 

25 

Operating Expenses 

The following table summarizes our operating expenses
for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively: 

June
30, 
2023 
 June
30, 
2022 
 Variance 

Operating Expenses 

Selling, general and administrative 
 1,285,313 
 934,927 
 350,386 
 37.5 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 557,508 
 711,515 
 (154,007 
 (21.6 
 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 1,842,821 
 1,646,442 
 196,379 
 11.9 

Total operating expenses for the year ended June
30, 2023 increased by 196,379 or 11.9 , as compared to the corresponding period in 2022. The increase in operating expenses was primarily
attributable to an increase of 320,070 or 34.2 in selling, general and administrative expenses. The increase in selling, general and
administrative expenses was mainly due to an increase in the amount of expired inventory destroyed in 2023 compared to the previous year. 

Interest Income and Interest Expenses 

Interest income was 113,615 for the year ended
June 30, 2023, as compared to 157,860 for the year ended June 30, 2022. This decrease of 44,245, or 28.0 , was primarily due to the
decreased average balance of bank deposits compared with the same period of 2022. This decline in bank balances was mainly due to the
effects of currency translation difference from RMB to USD during the periods and normal daily operating expenses payment. 

Interest expense was nil for the year ended June
30, 2023, and for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

Other Income 

Other
income was 1,320,791 expense for the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to 1,139,746 for the year ended June 30, 2022. This increase
of 181,045 or 15.9 , was primarily due to revenue earned by the transfer of one of Huimeijia s
production technique. This technique transfer would not affect future production of Huimeijia. 

Income Taxes 

Income taxes decreased by 2,934, or 100.0 , from
 2,934 for the year ended June 30, 2022 to nil for the year ended June 30, 2023. This decrease of income tax expense incurred in the
fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 was primarily due to the decrease of net profits before income taxes. 

Net Income (Loss) and Net Income per Share 

Net loss after provision for income taxes increased
to 408,772, an increase of 54,822 for the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to net loss of 353,950 for the year ended June 30,
2022. This increase of net loss was mainly because HLJ Huimeijia wrote off a large amount of inventory. 

Net loss per share was 0.0062 for the year ended
June 30, 2023 and net loss per share was 0.0054 for the year ended June 30, 2022. This increase in net loss per share was primarily a
result of the aforementioned increase in net loss. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We believe our current working capital position,
together with our expected future cash flows from operations, loans from our major shareholder, will be adequate to fund our operations
in the ordinary course of business, anticipated capital expenditures, debt payment requirements and other contractual obligations for
at least the next twelve months. However, this belief is based upon many assumptions and is subject to numerous risks, and there can be
no assurance that we will not require additional funding in the future. 

26 

The following table summarizes our cash and cash
equivalents position, our working capital, and our cash flow activity as of the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

2023 
 2022 
 
 For the years ended June 30: 

Cash and cash equivalent 
 47,246 
 44,789,999 

Working capital 
 34,997,532 
 37,652,693 

Inventories, net 
 40,608 
 521,229 

For the years ended June 30: 

Cash provided by (used in): 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Operating activities 
 (42,272,498 
 2,115,726 

Investing activities 
 - 
 - 

Financing activities 
 - 
 - 

Due to investments in subsidiaries,Cash and cash
equivalents decreased by 44,742,753 from 44,789,999 as of June 30, 2022 to 47,246 as of June 30, 2023. 

Our working capital as of June 30, 2023 was 34,997,532,
compared to working capital of 37,652,693 as of June 30, 2022. This decrease of 2,655,161 or 7.1 was mainly due to the decrease of
cash and cash equivalents in the amount of 44,742,753, which offset by the decrease of prepaid investment funds of 40,665,602. 

Net cash used in operating activities
was 42,272,498 for the year ended June 30, 2023, compared to 2,115,726 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease of 44,388,224
in the net cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to the purchase of subsidiary shares in June 2023. 

Net cash used in investing activities was nil
for both years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Net cash provided by financing activities was
 nil for both years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Other than as described in this report, we have
no present agreements or commitments with respect to any material acquisitions of businesses, products, product rights or technologies
or any other material capital expenditures. However, we will continue to evaluate acquisitions of, and/or investments in, products, technologies,
capital equipment or improvements or companies that complement our business and may make such acquisitions and/or investments in the future.
Accordingly, we may need to obtain additional sources of capital in the future to finance any such acquisitions and/or investments. We
may not be able to obtain such financing on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Even if we are able to obtain additional financing,
it may contain undue restrictions on our operations, in the case of debt financing, or cause substantial dilution for our shareholders,
in the case of equity financing. 

Related Party Debts 

We had related party debts of 5,154,024 as of
June 30, 2023, as compared to 6,759,761 as of June 30, 2022, a decrease of 1,605,737 or 23.8 . The amount of related party debts mainly
consists of a loan from Mr. Xin Sun, the CEO of the Company. The loan is unsecured and non-interest bearing and has no fixed terms of
repayment. There was no written agreement for the loan. See Note 9. 

27 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
that are currently material or reasonably likely to be material to our financial position or results of operations. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

We regularly evaluate the accounting policies
and estimates that we use to make budgetary and financial statement assumptions. A complete summary of these policies is included in Note
2 to our consolidated financial statements, Significant Accounting Policies , and is incorporated herein by reference. In
general, management s estimates are based on historical experience, on information from third party professionals, and on various other
assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the facts and circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates made
by management. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk. 

Not Applicable. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

The financial statements required by this item
are set forth beginning on page F-1. 

28 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID# F-2 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID# 2769) F-3 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Equity For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 F-8 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 F-9 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-10 - F-26 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Shareholders and Board
of Directors of 
China Health Industries Holdings, Inc.: 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of China
Health Industries Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of June 30, 2023, and the related consolidated statements
of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related
notes and Schedule I (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit
of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditors since 2023. 

The 

November 13, 2023 

F- 2 

Centurion ZD CPA Co. 
 Certified Public Accountants (Practising) 
 
 Unit 1304, 13/F, Two Harbourfront, 22 Tak Fung Street, Hunghom, Hong Kong. 
 
 22 13 1304 
 
 Tel : (852) 2126 2388 Fax : (852) 2122 9078 
 
 Email : info@czdcpa.com 

To: 
 The board of directors and stockholders of 

China Health Industries Holdings, Inc. the Company 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have
audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of China Health Industries Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of June 30, 2022 and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity
and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
the Company as of June 30, 2022 and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted
our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits
included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used
and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical
audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were
communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication
of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are
not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts
or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 3 

Centurion ZD CPA Co. 

Valuation
of Inventory 

Inventories
consist of growing and processed plants and oils and are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. In evaluating whether inventories
are stated at lower of cost or net realizable value, management considers such factors as inventories in hand, estimated time to sell
such inventories and current market conditions. Write-offs for inventory obsolescence are recorded when, in the opinion of management,
the value of specific inventory items has been impaired. 

Our audit procedures
to address the Company s valuation of inventory included the following, among others. We updated to our understanding of the Company s
inventory process, observations of year end quantities, and the testing of the cultivation, manufacturing and processing costs allocated
to the various stages of inventory during the year. We also tested the Company s net realizable values across each inventory and
the assumptions used. 

Impairment of long-lived
assets 

The carrying
value of long-lived assets are reviewed when facts and circumstances suggest that the assets may be impaired or that the amortization
period may need to be changed. The Company considers internal and external factors relating to each asset, including cash flows, local
market developments, industry trends and other publicly available information. If these factors and the projected undiscounted cash flows
of the Company over the remaining amortization period indicate that the asset will not be recoverable, the carrying value will be adjusted
to the fair market value 

Our audit
procedures relating to the Company s assessment of impairment of long-lived assets included the following, among others. We evaluated
the methodologies and tested the significant assumptions and underlying data used by the Company. Such testing included assessing the
reasonableness of the undiscounted cash flow projections used by the Company in their assessment of impairment in comparison with historical
data and the Company s assumptions used for the projections. 

/s/ Centurion ZD CPA Co. 

Centurion ZD CPA Co. 

We have
served as the Company s auditor since 2017 

Hong Kong,
China 

September
15, 2022 

F- 4 

CHINA HEALTH INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

IN US DOLLARS 

(Audited) 

June
30, 
2023 
 June
30, 
2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 
 -

Inventory 

Other receivables, net 

Advances to suppliers 

Prepaid investment funds 
 
 -

Prepayments 
 -

Total current assets 

Property, plants and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Construction in progress 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Other payables 

Advances from customers 

Related party debts 

Wages payable 

Taxes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Equity 

Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Statutory reserves 

Retained earnings 

Total stockholders equity 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

CHINA HEALTH INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME 

IN US DOLLARS 

(Audited) 

For the Year Ended 

June
30, 
2023 
 June
30, 
2022 

REVENUE 

COST OF GOODS SOLD 

GROSS PROFIT/(LOSS) 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Depreciation and amortization expenses 

Total operating expenses 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME/(EXPENSES) 

Interest income 

Other income, net 

Bank charges 

Total other income, net 

LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

Provision for income taxes 
 -

NET LOSS 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

CHINA HEALTH INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME 

IN US DOLLARS 

(Audited) (CONTINUED) 

For the Year Ended 

June
30, 
2023 
 June
30, 
2022 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Net (loss)/income per share: 

Net loss per share Basic diluted

Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

CHINA HEALTH INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

IN US DOLLARS 

(Audited) 

Common Shares 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Retained 
 Statutory 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Total 
 Stockholders 
 Non- 
 controlling 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Reserve 
 Income (loss) 
 Equity 
 Interest 
 Equity 

Balance, June 30, 2021 

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Other comprehensive loss - Translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Balance, June 30, 2022 

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 (408, 772) 
 -
 
 -
 
 (408, 772) 
 -
 
 (408, 772) 
 
 Other comprehensive loss - Translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Balance, June 30, 2023 

-

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

CHINA HEALTH INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

IN US DOLLARS 

(Audited) 

For the Year Ended 

June
30, 
2023 
 June
30, 
2022 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net loss attributable to China Health Industries Holdings 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization expenses 

Provision for doubtful accounts 

Deferred taxes gain 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Inventory 

Accounts receivable 

Other receivables 

Advance to suppliers and prepaid expenses 

Prepaid investment funds 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts payables and accrued expenses 

Advance from customers and other payables 

Amounts due to related parties 

Wages payable 

Taxes payable 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Net cash (used in)/provided by investing activities 
 -
 
 -

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities 
 -
 
 -

Effect of exchange rates change on cash and cash equivalents 

Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Interest paid 
 -
 
 -

Taxes paid 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Non-cash activities: 

Loan from related party for the construction of a facility 
 -
 
 - 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 9 

CHINA HEALTH INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the ownership in Humankind for a cash consideration of (the
 Share Purchase ). Subsequent to the completion of the Share Purchase, Humankind became a wholly-owned subsidiary of China
Health HK. The Share Purchase was accounted for as a reverse merger since the owner of Humankind owned a majority of the
outstanding shares of China Health HK s common stock immediately following the execution of the Share Purchase Agreement, it was
deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the reverse merger. Consequently, the assets and liabilities and the historical operations that
have been reflected in the financial statements for periods prior to the Share Purchase are those of Humankind and have been recorded
at the historical cost basis. After completion of the Share Purchase, China Health HK s consolidated financial statements include
the assets and liabilities of both China Health HK and Humankind, the historical operations of Humankind, and the operations of China
Health HK and its subsidiaries from the closing date of the Share Purchase. 

On October 14, 2008, Humankind set up a owned
subsidiary, Harbin Huimeijia Medicine Company Huimeijia ), with its primary business being manufacturing and distributing
medicine. Mr. Xin Sun, the Company s majority owner, owns of Huimeijia. Huimeijia is consolidated in the consolidated financial
statements of China Health HK. 

On December 31, 2008, China Health HK entered
into a reverse merger with Universal Fog, Inc., a U.S. publicly traded shell company (the Transaction ). China Health HK
is the acquirer in the Transaction, and the Transaction has been treated as a recapitalization of China Health US. On April 7, 2009, Mr. Sun transferred shares of common stock to individuals,
leaving him with shares of common stock of China Health US, or approximately of the total outstanding shares of common
stock. Universal Fog, Inc. changed its name to China Health Industries Holdings, Inc. on February 19, 2009. 

On November 22, 2013, Humankind completed the
acquisition of Heilongjiang Huimeijia Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. HLJ Huimeijia for a total purchase price of 
(RMB ). HLJ Huimeijia was founded on October 30, 2003, and is engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of tincture, ointments,
rubber paste (including hormones), topical solution, suppositories, liniment (including traditional Chinese medicine extractions), enemas
and oral liquids. HLJ Huimeijia s predecessor is Heilongjiang Xue Du Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., which has established its brand name
in the market through its supply of high quality medical products. HLJ Huimeijia is categorized as a high and new technology 
enterprise by the Science Technology Department in Heilongjiang Province. HLJ Huimeijia has 21 products which have been approved by, and
have received approval numbers issued by, the National Medical Products Administration (the NMPA ). In addition, HLJ Huimeijia
is the holder of one patent for utility models, five patents for external design and three trademarks in China, including the Chinese
brand name of Xue Du which has an established reputation among customers in northeastern China. 

On December 24, 2014, Humankind entered into a
stock transfer agreement (the Original Agreement with Xiuzheng Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. a company incorporated under
the laws of the PRC and located in Jilin province Xiuzheng Pharmacy or the Buyer ), Mr. Xin Sun, the CEO of
the Company, and Huimeijia, owned by Humankind and owned by Mr. Xin Sun. Pursuant to the Original Agreement, Humankind and Mr.
Xin Sun (the Equity Holders ), would sell their respective equity interests in Huimeijia to Xiuzheng Pharmacy. 

F- 10 

(approximately to the Asset Transferors.
In the event that the Assets had failed to be transferred to the Buyer due to the fault of the Asset Transferors, the paid consideration
would have been returned to the Buyer with interest accrued. If the failure of the transfer of the Assets were a result of changes in
government policy or force majeure, the paid cash consideration would have been returned to the Buyer but without any interest. 

On October 12, 2016, the four parties agreed to
rescind the Supplementary Agreement and entered into a new supplementary agreement (the New Supplementary Agreement ), pursuant
to which the four parties agreed to execute the transfer of the equity interests based on the Original Agreement and the Equity Holders
agreed to sell their respective equity interests in Huimeijia to Xiuzheng Pharmacy. The transfer of of the equity interests of Huimeijia
to the Buyer was for total cash consideration of RMB (approximately (the Purchase Price to the Equity
Holders. As of the date of this report, of the Purchase
Price has been paid, the Company has completed changes in its business registration, and Xiuzheng Pharmacy has obtained a business license
issued by the local State Administration of Industry and Commerce in Harbin Harbin SAIC to Huimeijia, in which the ownership
of Huimeijia has been recorded as held by Xiuzheng Pharmacy, with Harbin SAIC and the legal representative (a person that is authorized
to take most of the corporate actions on behalf of a company under the corporate laws in China) of Huimeijia has been appointed by the
Buyer. 

On
June 27, 2023 (the Signing Date ),
Harbin Humankind Biology Technology Co., Limited Humankind ),
a wholly owned subsidiary of China Health Industries Holdings, Inc. China
Health ), a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State
of Delaware, entered into certain equity transfer agreements (collectively, the Agreements with Mr. Xin Sun and Mr. Kai Sun (collectively, the Sellers ).
Pursuant to the Agreements, the Sellers agreed to transfer to Humankind and of the equity interests of Heilongjiang HempCan Pharmaceuticals
Co., Ltd. HempCan ),
for a consideration of RMB (approximately and RMB (approximately respectively, totaling RMB 
million (approximately (collectively, the Purchase
Prices ). The Purchase Prices shall be fully paid to Sellers within
15 business days after the Signing Date, and the Sellers shall complete certain registration procedures, such as change of equity ownership
and change of business registration within 15 business days after full Purchase Prices are received. If Humankind is late in paying the
Purchase Prices, a per day late penalty on the amount of Purchase Prices that is paid late shall be paid to the Sellers. Mr. Xin
Sun is China Health s Chairman, sole director and sole executive
officer and Mr. Kai Sun is Mr. Xin Sun s younger brother. 

China Health US, China Health HK, Humankind and
HLJ Huimeijia are collectively referred herein to as the Company. 

As of June 30, 2023, the Company s corporate
structure was as follows: 

F- 11 

F- 12 

and as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively; stockholder s
equity accounts are translated at historical rates, and income and expense items are translated at the weighted average exchange rates
during the year, which was and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. For Renminbi currency, the Company s
assets and liabilities are expressed in USD at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date, which was and as of June 30,
2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively; stockholder s equity accounts
are translated at historical rates, and income and expense items are translated at the weighted average exchange rates during the year,
which was and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

F- 13 

and , respectively. The Company
has no insured bank balance as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

, respectively. The
Company determines the allowance based on aging data, historical collection experience, customer specific facts and economic conditions.
Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery
is considered remote. The Company evaluated the nature of all accounts receivable then provided allowance for doubtful accounts. As of
June 30, 2023, and 2022, the balances of allowance for doubtful accounts were and respectively. 

and ,
respectively. 

F- 14 

to years 
 
 Office Equipment 
 to years 
 
 Vehicles 
 to years 
 
 Machinery and Equipment 
 to years 

F- 15 

F- 16 

of
their taxable income. 

or (depending on the type of goods involved) on the full price collected for the goods sold or, in the case
of taxable services provided, at a rate of on the charges for the taxable services provided, but excluding, in respect of both goods
and services, any amount paid in respect of VAT included in the price or charges, and less any deductible VAT already paid by the taxpayer
on purchases of goods and services in the same financial year. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, VAT payables were and ,
respectively. 

and of the annual aggregate VAT paid by the Company as taxes for the purposes of maintaining
and building cities and educational facilities, which fees are included as sales-related taxes. Sales-related taxes are recorded when
sales revenue is recognized. 

F- 17 

F- 18 

equity interests of Huimeijia to the Buyer was for a total cash consideration of RMB 
(approximately to the Equity Holders. 

On
February 9, 2015, the four parties entered into a supplementary agreement (the Supplementary
Agreement to modify the terms of the Agreement, pursuant to which,
the Equity Holders and Huimeijia (collectively the Assets Transferors shall only sell the drug approval numbers (including the tablet, capsule, powder, mixture, oral liquid, syrup and oral solution under
the 19 approval numbers; licenses including the original copies of Business License, Organization Code Certificate, Tax Registration Certificate,
Drug Production Permit and GMP Certificate, and other documents and original copies related to the production and operation of the 19
drugs) (the Assets to Xiuzheng Pharmacy. The Equity Holders will retain the equity interests in Huimeijia, but will have the equity interests pledged to
Xiuzheng Pharmacy until the Assets are transferred, at which time all the cash consideration shall be paid by the Buyer. The total cash
consideration remains to be the same as under the Agreement, i.e., RMB (approximately to the Assets Transferors.
In the event that the Assets are failed to be transferred to the Buyer due to the fault of the Assets Transferors, the paid consideration
shall be returned to the Buyer with interests accrued. If the failure of the transfer of the Assets is a result of the government policy
changes or force majeure, the paid cash consideration shall be returned to the Buyer but without any interests. 

As of June 30, 2016, the transfer of the Assets
had not been completed because the assets transfer crossed different provinces which resulted in a complicated interaction among the local
administrations of Heilongjiang Province, where Huimeijia is located and Jilin Province, where the transferee is located. 

F- 19 

of the equity interests of Huimeijia to the Buyer was for a total
cash consideration of RMB (approximately (the Purchase
Price to the Equity Holders. 

On
June 27, 2023 (the Signing Date ),
Harbin Humankind Biology Technology Co., Limited Humankind ),
a wholly owned subsidiary of China Health Industries Holdings, Inc. China
Health ), a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State
of Delaware, entered into certain equity transfer agreements (collectively, the Agreements with Mr. Xin Sun and Mr. Kai Sun (collectively, the Sellers ).
Pursuant to the Agreements, the Sellers agreed to transfer to Humankind and of the equity interests of Heilongjiang HempCan Pharmaceuticals
Co., Ltd. HempCan ),
for a consideration of RMB (approximately and RMB (approximately respectively, totaling RMB 
million (approximately (collectively, the Purchase
Prices ). The Purchase Prices shall be fully paid to Sellers within
 business days after the Signing Date, and the Sellers shall complete certain registration procedures, such as change of equity ownership
and change of business registration within 15 business days after full Purchase Prices are received. If Humankind is late in paying the
Purchase Prices, a per day late penalty on the amount of Purchase Prices that is paid late shall be paid to the Sellers. Mr. Xin
Sun is China Health s Chairman, sole director and sole executive
officer and Mr. Kai Sun is Mr. Xin Sun s younger brother. 

net of
allowance for doubtful accounts amounting to and as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Supplies and Packing Materials 
 -

Work-in-Progress 
 -

Finished Goods 

Self-made semi finished goods 
 
 -

Total 

The decrease in raw materials is mainly due to
the destruction of expired materials and the sale of hemp seeds.The inventory allowance with an amount of nil and nil were provided
for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The decrease in raw materials is mainly due to the destruction of expired raw
materials. 

F- 20 

Total 

On
April 6, 2012, HLJ Huimeijia entered into an agreement with a contractor for construction of the HLJ Huimeijia plant. The estimated total
cost of construction was approximately million (RMB ). As
of June 30, 2023, of construction has been completed, (RMB has been recorded as costs of construction in progress
and construction in progress at an amount of (RMB has been completed and converted into property, plant and equipment. 

Machinery and Equipment 

Office Equipment 

Vehicles 

Others 

Less Accumulated Depreciation 

Total 

Depreciation expense was
 and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Depreciation expense charged to operations was 
and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Depreciation expense charged to cost of goods sold was nil and
 nil for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Health Supplement Product Patents Humankind 

Pharmaceutical Patents - HLJ Huimeijia 

Land Use Rights - HLJ Huimeijia 

Less: Accumulated Amortization 

Intangible Assets, net, Held for Continuing Operations 

There is no private land ownership in PRC Enterprises
and individuals can pay the government a fee to obtain the right to use a piece of land for commercial purposes or residential purposes
for an initial period of years or years, respectively. The land use right can be sold, purchased, and exchanged in the market. The
successor owner of the land use right will have the right to use the land for the time remaining on the initial period. The patent has
amortized life of years. 

Amortization expense charged to operations was
 and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

F- 21 

Mr. Kai Sun 

Related Party Debts, Held for Continuing Operations 

These loans are unsecured and non-interest bearing
and have no fixed terms of repayment; therefore, they are deemed payable on demand. Mr. Kai Sun, a director of Humankind, is a PRC citizen
and a family member of Mr. Xin Sun, the CEO of the Company. 

and in net operating loss carry forwards available to offset future
taxable income, respectively. The federal corporate net operating loss carryover is expired in taxable years following the taxable
year of the loss. If not utilized, the federal net operating loss for the fiscal years 2023 and 2022 in an amount of and ,
respectively, will begin to expire in the years 2042 and 2041, respectively. Management believes that it is more likely than not that
the benefits from these accumulated net operating losses will not be realized in the future due to the Company s
operating history and the continued losses of its U.S. operation. Accordingly, the Company has provided a full valuation allowance on
the deferred tax assets under its U.S. entity. 

Hong Kong 

China
Health Industries Holdings Limited China Health HK was incorporated in Hong Kong on July 20, 2007 and is subject to Hong Kong profits taxation on its business activities conducted in Hong
Kong and income sourced in Hong Kong. As of June 30, 2023, and 2022, China Health Hong Kong had and in net operating loss
carry forwards available to offset future taxable income, respectively. Net operating losses of Hong Kong can generally be carried forward
indefinitely. The Company believes that it is more likely than not that these accumulated net operating losses will not be utilized in
the future due to the fact that the Company does not have and probably will not have any business operations in HK. Therefore, the Company
had provided full valuation allowance for the deferred tax assets arising from the losses in Hong Kong during the years ended June 30,
2023, and 2022, amounting and , respectively. Accordingly, there is no net deferred tax assets under this entity. 

F- 22 

.
The PRC subsidiaries of the Company are subject to PRC income taxes on an entity basis on income arising in or derived from the tax jurisdiction
in which they operate. 

The provision for income taxes consisted of the following
for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

Value-added tax payable 

Other taxes payable 

Total 

Federal statutory rate 

Income tax computed at U.S. federal statutory rate 

Non-deductible staff welfare 
 -
 
 -

Foreign rate differential 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total provision for income taxes 
 -

The
Company s effective tax rate was nil and for the years ended
June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

F- 23 

Total deferred provision 
 -

Total provision for income taxes 
 -

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net 
 -
 
 -

(b) Uncertain tax positions 

There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of
June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Management does not anticipate any potential future adjustments in the next twelve months which
would result in a material change to its tax positions. There was no interests and penalties arising from its tax payments for the years
ended June 30, 2023. 

F- 24 

Net income/(loss) per share: 

Net loss per share Basic diluted

Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic diluted

F- 25 

,
accounting for . For the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company had no suppliers due to its being temporarily out of production. 

For
the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company had three customers that in aggregate accounted for of the Company s
total sales, with each customer accounting for , , and , respectively. For the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company had no customers
due to the enterprise Transformation and the COVID-19 resurgence. 

main business segments based on the types of products being provided to customers: HLJ Huimeijia, Humankind
and others. Each of the operating segments referenced above has separate and distinct general ledgers. The chief operating decision
maker CODM receives financial information, including revenue, gross margin, operating income, and net income produced from the various general ledger
systems to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance; however, the principal measure of segment profitability
or loss used by the CODM is net income or loss by segment. 

-

-
 
 -

Cost of revenues 
 -

-

-
 
 -

Gross profit (loss) 
 -

-

-
 
 -

Interest income 

Interest expense 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Depreciation and amortization 

-

-

Income tax 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Net income (loss) 

Total capital expenditures 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total assets 

F- 26 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain a set of disclosure controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act, is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also
designed with the objective of ensuring that this information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Based upon their evaluation as of the end of the
periods covered by this report, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective to satisfy the objectives, due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting discussed
below. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance
to our management and our sole board member regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 

Our management assessed the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 2013 in Internal Control Integrated Framework. Our management
has implemented and tested our internal control over financial reporting based on these criteria and did not identify any significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses as of June 30, 2023. However, based on the fact that we do not have any full-time accounting personnel
who have U.S. GAAP experience, our management has considered this as a material weakness and determined that as of June 30, 2023, the
internal control over financial reporting was not effective. 

In an effort to remedy this material weakness in
the future, we intend to do the following: 

Develop a comprehensive training and development plan, for our finance, accounting and internal audit personnel, including our Chief Financial Officer, Financial Manager, and others, in the principles and rules of U.S. GAAP, SEC reporting requirements and the application thereof. 

Design and implement a program to provide ongoing company-wide training regarding the Company s internal controls, with particular emphasis on our finance and accounting staff. 

Implement an internal review process over financial reporting to review all recent accounting pronouncements and to verify that the accounting treatment identified in such report have been fully implemented and confirmed by our internal control department. In the future, we will continue to improve our ongoing review and supervision of our internal control over financial reporting. 

Hire an individual that possesses the requisite U.S. GAAP experience and education. 

29 

Despite the material weakness reported above,
our management believes that our consolidated financial statements included in this report fairly present in all material respects our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

This report does not include an attestation report
of our registered accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. The management s report was not subject to
attestation by our registered public accounting firm because we are a smaller reporting company. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

No changes in our internal control over financial
reporting have come to management s attention during our last fiscal year that have materially affected, or are likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Limitations on Controls 

Management does not expect that our disclosure
controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and fraud. Any control system,
no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that
its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud
will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

None. 

30 

Part III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance. 

The following table sets forth information regarding
our sole board member and executive officer. Our sole director holds office until the election and qualification of his successor. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Xin Sun 
 
 57 
 
 Chairman (sole director), Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Biography 

Mr. Xin Sun, age 57, has been serving as our Chairman
of Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer since 2009. From 1988 to 1991, he was the Production Manager
at Ha Yao Group Sanchine Medicine Joint-Stock Company Ltd. From 1991 to 1994, he was the District Director for the Northeast District
of China for Pfizer Pharmaceuticals Limited. Thereafter, he spent one year as the Director of Marketing for Ha Yao Group Sanchine Medicine
Joint-Stock Company Ltd. From 1996 to 2002, he was the Chief Executive Officer of a company he founded, Heilongjiang Bijie Chemical Industry
Co., Ltd., which is no longer in existence. From 2003 to the present, he has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of Humankind.
Mr. Sun is also President and General Manager of Huimeijia. Mr. Xin Sun attended Jia Mu Si Medical College with a major in Pharmacy from
1984 to 1988. He obtained his Masters of Business Administration from Renmin University of China in 2004. Mr. Sun attended the Doctor
of Business Administration program in Business Institute of Pennsylvania since September 2018 and received a doctor s degree in
2019. 

As a result of his professional experience, Mr.
Xin Sun is well known in the pharmaceutical field in Harbin, PRC. While he was studying at Renmin University, Mr. Xin Sun developed many
contacts in the pharmaceutical field, many of which later became district agents and other employees in Humankind s distribution
system. 

Our sole director, Mr. Xin Sun, does not hold
any directorships in other reporting companies and does not qualify as an independent director under the Rules of NASDAQ,
Marketplace Rule 4200(a)(15). 

To our knowledge, during the last ten years, none
of our directors and executive officers (including those of our subsidiaries) have: 

(a) 
 had a bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time. 

(b) 
 been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses. 

(c) 
 been subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities. 

(d) 
 been found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC, or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

Director Qualifications 

Directors are responsible for overseeing the Company s
business consistent with their fiduciary duty to the shareholders. This significant responsibility requires highly-skilled individuals
with various qualities, attributes and professional experience. Our sole director believes that there are general requirements for service
on the Board that are applicable to all directors and that there are other skills and experience that should be represented on the Board
as a whole but not necessarily by each director. The existing board member considers the qualifications of director and director candidates
individually and in the broader context of the Board s overall composition and the Company s current and future needs. 

31 

Qualifications for All Directors 

In its assessment of each potential candidate,
including those recommended by the shareholders, the Board will consider the nominee s judgment, integrity, experience, independence,
understanding of the Company s business or other related industries and such other factors it determines are pertinent in light
of the current needs of the Board. 

The Board also takes into account the ability
of a director to devote the time and effort necessary to fulfill his or her responsibilities to the Company. 

The Board requires that each director be a recognized
person of high integrity with a proven record of success in his or her field. Each director must demonstrate innovative thinking, familiarity
with and respect for corporate governance requirements and practices, an appreciation of multiple cultures and a commitment to sustainability
and to dealing responsibly with social issues. In addition to the qualifications required of all directors, the Board conducts interviews
of potential director candidates to assess intangible qualities including the individual s ability to ask difficult questions and,
simultaneously, to work collegially. The Board does not have a specific diversity policy, but considers diversity of race, ethnicity,
gender, age, cultural background and professional experiences in evaluating candidates for Board membership. Diversity is important because
a variety of points of view contribute to a more effective decision-making process. 

Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience
to be Represented on the Board as a Whole 

The Board has identified particular qualifications,
attributes, skills and experiences that should be represented on the Board as a whole, in light of the Company s current needs and
its business priorities. The Board believes that it should include some directors with a high level of financial literacy and some directors
who possess relevant business experiences as a chief executive officer, president or similar position at a company. Marketing is the core
focus of our business and the Company seeks to develop and deploy innovative and effective marketing and technology. Therefore, the Board
believes that marketing and technology experience should be represented on the Board. 

Presently, Mr. Xin Sun is the sole director of
the Company. Mr. Xin Sun possesses many of the skills and experiences needed for our business. He has experience in the pharmaceutical
industry, having previously been the District Director for the Northeast District of China for Pfizer Pharmaceuticals Limited from 1991
to 1994. He has also been the Director of Marketing for Ha Yao Group Sanchine Medicine Joint-Stock Company Ltd., where he acquired strong
marketing experience. From 1996 to 2002, Mr. Xin Sun was the chief executive officer of a company he founded, Heilongjiang Bijie Chemical
Industry Co., Ltd., and from 2003 to the present, he has been the president and chief executive officer of Humankind. 

The Board plans to eventually increase its membership
to include directors with skills and experiences complementary to Mr. Xin Sun s background. 

Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk
Oversight 

Mr. Xin Sun is the Company s Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer. The Board s role in the risk oversight of the Company includes, among other things: 

- 
 appointing, retaining and overseeing the work of the independent auditors, including resolving disagreements between the management and the independent auditors relating to financial reporting; 

- 
 approving all auditing and non-auditing services permitted to be performed by the independent auditors; 

- 
 reviewing annually the independence and quality control procedures of the independent auditors; 

- 
 reviewing and approving all proposed related party transactions; 

- 
 discussing the annual audited financial statements with the management; and 

- 
 meeting separately with the independent auditors to discuss critical accounting policies, management letters, recommendations on internal controls, the auditor s engagement letter and independence letter and other material written communications between the independent auditors and the management. 

32 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of Exchange
Act 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our
executive officers and directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities to file with
the SEC initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning their ownership of our
common stock and other equity securities, on Form 3, 4 and 5 respectively. Executive officers, directors and greater than ten percent
shareholders are required by the SEC regulations to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. 

Based solely on our review of the copies of such
reports, we believe that, with respect to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, there is no triggering event for the filing of any report
under Section 16(a) by our sole officer and director, or by any of the persons known to us to own more than ten percent of our common
stock. 

Meetings of Our Board of Directors 

The Board held no meetings; however, the Board
had resolved matters in written consent one time during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. 

Board Committees 

Audit Committee . We intend to establish
an audit committee of the Board which will consist of soon-to-be-nominated independent directors. The audit committee s duties will
be to recommend to the Board the engagement of independent auditors to audit our financial statements and to review our accounting and
auditing principles. The audit committee will review the scope, timing and fees for the annual audit and the results of audit examinations
performed by the internal auditors and independent public accountants, including their recommendations to improve the system of accounting
and internal controls. The audit committee will at all times be composed exclusively of directors who are, in the opinion of the Board,
free from any relationship which would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment as a committee member and who possess an understanding
of financial statements and generally accepted accounting principles. 

Audit Committee Financial
Expert . The Board currently acts as our audit committee. Since we are still a developing company, the Board is still in the process
of finding an audit committee financial expert as defined in Regulation S-K and directors that are independent 
as that term is used in Section 10A of the Exchange Act. 

33 

Compensation Committee . We intend to establish
a compensation committee of the Board. The compensation committee will review and approve our salary and benefits policies, including
compensation of executive officers. 

Code of Ethics 

We currently do not have a Code of Ethics because
we presently only have one director and one officer. We plan to adopt a Code of Ethics when the size of the Board and management increases. 

Director Compensation 

We did not compensate our director for the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2023. Going forward, however, we intend to implement a market-based director compensation program. 

Limitations on Liability 

Under Delaware law, a corporation may indemnify
its officers, directors, employees and agents under certain circumstances, including indemnification of such persons against liability
under the Securities Act. Those circumstances include that an officer, director, employee or agent may be indemnified if the person acted
in good faith and in a manner that he or she reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the corporation and,
with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. 

Article Seven of our Articles of Incorporation
provides that no director shall be personally liable to the Company or the shareholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary
duty by such person in his or her capacity as a director. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, a director shall be liable to the extent
provided by applicable law, (i) for breach of his or her duty of loyalty to the Company or the shareholders, (ii) for acts or omissions
not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) pursuant to Section 174 of the Delaware
General Corporation law, or (iv) for any transaction from which he or she derived an improper personal benefit. No amendment to or repeal
of this provision shall apply to or have any effect on the liability or alleged liability of any director of the Company for or with respect
to any acts or omissions of such director occurring prior to such amendment. 

We are also permitted to apply for insurance on
behalf of any director, officer, employee or other agent for liability arising out of his or her actions, whether or not the Delaware
General Corporation Law would permit indemnification. 

34 

Indemnification against Public Policy 

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising
under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling an issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions,
the opinion of the SEC is that such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable.
In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than by a director, officer or controlling person in the
successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the
securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit
to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities
Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 

The effect of indemnification may be to limit
the rights of the Company and the shareholders (through shareholders derivative suits on behalf of the Company) to recover monetary
damages and expenses against a director for breach of fiduciary duty. 

Directors and Officers of Humankind 

The following table sets forth certain information
as of June 30, 2023 concerning the directors and executive officers of Humankind: 

Directors and Executive Officers 
 
 Position/Title 
 
 Age 
 
 Xin Sun 
 
 Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer 
 
 57 
 
 Baosen Ma 
 
 President, Secretary, Director 
 
 55 
 
 Kai Sun 
 
 Director 
 
 52 

The following is a summary of the biographical
information of those directors and officers of Humankind whose biographical information does not appear above: 

Xin Sun, Chairman, Chief Financial Officer,
Treasurer 

Mr. Sun s biography is discussed above under
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance and incorporated herein by reference. 

Baosen Ma, President, Secretary and Director 

Mr. Baosen Ma graduated from China University
of Political Science and Law with a major in Financial Accounting. From 1987 to 1992, he was an accountant with Harbin Keluola Solar Power
Co., Ltd. Thereafter, from 1992 to 1996, he was Vice General Manager and Sales Manager for Shanghai Dahua Solar Battery Co., Ltd. From
1996 to 2004, he was the East China Manager for the Ha Yao Group Sanchine Medicine Joint-Stock Ltd. In January 2004, Mr. Ma was appointed
President, Secretary and Director of Humankind. 

35 

Kai Sun, Director 

Mr. Kai Sun graduated from Mu Dan Jiang University
with a major in Economics. From 1993 to 1995, he was Vice Director of Mu Dan Jiang Engine Factory. Thereafter, from 1995 to 1998, he was
a Director at Mu Dan Jiang Engine Factory. From 1998 to 2004, he was an Administration Director for Mu Dan Jiang Lysine Co., Ltd. Since
2004, he has been the Administration Director at Humankind. Mr. Kai Sun is the younger brother of Mr. Xin Sun, the Company s Chairman,
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and sole director. In January 2004, Mr. Kai Sun was appointed a director of Humankind. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The following Summary Compensation Table sets
forth, for the years indicated, all cash compensation paid, distributed or accrued for services, including salary and bonus amounts, rendered
in all capacities by our Chief Executive Officer and all other executive officers who received or are entitled to receive remuneration
in excess of 100,000 during the stated periods. Mr. Xin Sun, our Chief Executive Officer and sole director, receives no additional compensation
for the services he provides in his capacity as director. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

(all figures in US Dollars) 

Non-Equity 
 Non-qualified 

Incentive 
 Deferred 
 All 

Stock 
 Option 
 Plan 
 Compensation 
 Other 

Salary 
 Bonus 
 Awards 
 Awards 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 

Xin Sun, Chief Executive Officer, 
 2023 
 12,523 
 - 
 - 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 12,523 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2022 
 9,016 
 - 
 - 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 9,016 

Employment Agreements 

We have no employment agreement with our sole
principal executive officer, Mr. Xin Sun. 

36 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The following table sets forth information regarding
grants of awards and outstanding equity awards to Named Executive Officer during the year ended June 30, 2023: 

Grants of Plan-Based Awards 

Estimated
future payouts 
under non-equity incentive 
plan awards 

Estimated
future payouts 
under equity incentive plan 
awards 

All other 
 stock 
 awards: 
 Number of 
 shares of 
 stock or 
 All other option 
 awards: 
 Number of 
 securities 
 underlying 
 Exercise 
 or base price of 
 option 
 Grant date fair 
 value of 
 stock 
 and 
 
 Name 
 Grant date 
 Threshold( 
 Target( 
 Maximum( 
 Threshold(#) 
 Target(#) 
 Maximum(#) 
 units (#) 
 options (#) 
 awards /Sh) 
 option awards 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) 
 (g) 
 (h) 
 (i) 
 (j) 
 (k) 
 (l) 
 
 Xin Sun, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

Option awards 
 Stock awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of securities underlying unexercised options(#) exercisable 
 Number of securities underlying unexercised options(#) unexercisable 
 Equity incentive plan awards: number of securities underlying unexercised unearned options(#) 
 Option exercise price( 
 Option expiration date 
 Number of 
 shares or 
 units of 
 stock that have not vested(#) 
 Market value of shares or units of stock that have not vested(#) 
 Equity incentive plan awards: number of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested(#) 
 Equity incentive plan awards: market or payout value of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested( 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) 
 (g) 
 (h) 
 (i) 
 (j) 
 
 Xin Sun, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

37 

Option Exercises and Stock Vested 

Option awards 
 Stock awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of 
 shares acquired on 
 exercise (#) 
 Value 
 realized on 
 exercise ) 
 Number of 
 shares acquired on 
 vesting (#) 
 Value realized on 
 vesting ) 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 
 Xin Sun, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Director s and Officer s Liability
Insurance 

We currently do not have insurance insuring directors
and officers against liability; however, we are in the process of investigating the availability of such insurance. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth certain information
with respect to the beneficial ownership of our voting securities by (i) any person or group owning more than five percent of any class
of voting securities, (ii) our director, (iii) our chief executive officer and president and (iv) all executive officers and directors
as a group as of November 10, 2023. 

The address of the beneficial owner listed below
is Harbin Humankind Biology Technology Co. Limited, 3199-1 Longxiang Road, Songbei District, Harbin, Heilongjiang Province, PRC. 

Amount and 
 Nature of 

Title of Class 
 Name 
 Beneficial 
 Owner 
 Percent of 
 Class (1) 
 
 Common Stock 
 Xin Sun, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 20,507,188 
 31.3 

Common Stock 
 All officers and directors as a group (1 person) 
 20,507,188 
 31.3 

(1) 
 Based on 65,539,737 total issued and outstanding shares of the Company as of November 10, 2023. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock subject to options or warrants currently exercisable or convertible, or exercisable or convertible within 60 days of November 10, 2023 are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person holding such option or warrant but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. 

Mr. Xin Sun has the sole power to vote and dispose
all shares of common stock listed opposite his name. Mr. Sun did not and does not own any options or convertible securities. 

38 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

The Company received temporary short-term loans
from its majority owner and our sole director and principal executive officer, Mr. Xin Sun, a PRC citizen. These loans are unsecured and
non-interest bearing, and have no fixed terms of repayment; therefore, they are deemed payable on demand. Cash flows classified as due
to majority owner are classified as cash flows from financing activities. 

The amounts due to related parties are used to
support the normal business operation of the Company, the related cash flows are classified as operating activities. The total amounts
due to Mr. Sun were 5,121,776 and 6,724,850 as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. 

There were no interested imputed on the loans
for the fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

We were billed by Assentsure
PAC Assentsure ), our independent public accountants and CENTURION ZD
CPA CO. Centurion ), our former independent public accountants, for the following professional services they performed
for us during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, as set forth in the table below: 

Audit- 

Audit 
 Related 
 Tax 
 Other 

Auditors 
 Fees 
 Fees 
 Fees 
 Fees 
 
 2023 
 Assentsure 
 150,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Centurion 
 48,000 

2022 
 Centurion 
 140,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Audit Fees This category includes the
audit of our annual financial statements and services that are normally provided by the independent auditors in connection with engagements
for those fiscal years. 

Audit-Related Fees This category consists
of assurance and related services by the independent auditors that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of
our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees . 

Tax Fees This category consists of professional
services rendered by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for tax compliance and tax advice. The services
for the fees disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice. 

All Other Fees This category consists of
fees for other miscellaneous items. 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

All of the services rendered to us by our independent
registered public accountants were pre-approved by the Board. 

39 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement
Schedules 

Exhibit 

Filed 

Index 
 
 Description of Document 
 
 Herewith 
 
 Incorporated by Reference To: 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation. 

Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10-SB filed with the SEC on December 1, 2004. 

3.2 
 
 By-laws. 

Exhibits 3.2 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10-SB filed with the SEC on December 1, 2004. 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment, dated May 11, 2005. 

Exhibits 3.3 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on November 16, 2010. 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment, dated November 12, 2008. 

Exhibit 3.4 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on November 16, 2010. 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment, dated February 11, 2009. 

Exhibit 3.5 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on November 16, 2010. 

4.1 
 
 Specimen of Common Stock Certificate 

Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 29, 2014. 

4.2 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 

Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 15, 2022. 

10.1 
 
 English Translation of Land Use Agreement, dated June 7, 2004, between Harbin Humankind Biology Technology Co. Limited and Harbin City, Daochu District, Songbei Township, Jinxin Village. 

Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on November 16, 2010. 

10.2 
 
 English Translation of Cooperative Agreement, dated September 17, 2008, between Harbin Humankind Biology Technology Co. Limited and the Commercial Bureau of Qing an County. 

Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on November 16, 2010. 

10.3 
 
 English Translation of Land Purchase Agreement, dated July 7, 2009, between Harbin Humankind Biology Technology Co. Limited and Harbin Songbei District Construction and Development Management Committee. 

Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on November 16, 2010. 

10.4 
 
 English Translation of Technology Transfer Agreement, dated October 12, 2007, between Harbin Humankind Biology Technology Co. Limited and Beijing Jindelikang Bio- Technology Co., Ltd. 

Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on November 16, 2010. 

40 

Exhibit 

Filed 

Index 
 
 Description of Document 
 
 Herewith 
 
 Incorporated by Reference To: 

10.5 
 
 English Translation of Health Food Technology Transfer Agreement, dated January 18, 2013 by and between Harbin Humankind Biology Technology Co., Limited and Guangzhou Aoda Biology Beauty Healthy Technology Co., Ltd. 

Exhibit 10.22 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on October 15, 2013. 

10.6 
 
 English Translation of Stock Transfer Agreement, dated April 10, 2013, by and between Stockholder of Heilongjiang Huimeijia Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd, Liyuan Sun and Harbin Humankind Biology Technology Co., Limited. and its addendum dated June 18, 2013. 

Exhibit 10.23 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on October 15, 2013. 

10.7 
 
 English Translation of Stock Transfer Agreement, dated April 10, 2013, by and between Stockholder of Heilongjiang Huimeijia Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd, Wenbin Zhang and Harbin Humankind Biology Technology Co., Limited. and its addendum dated June 18, 2013. 

Exhibit 10.24 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on October 15, 2013. 

10.8 
 
 English Translation of Stock Transfer Agreement dated December 24, 2014, by and among Harbin Humankind Biology Technology Co., Limited., Xin Sun, Harbin Huimeijia Medicine Company, and Xiuzheng Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. 

Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 31, 2014. 

10.9 
 
 English Translation of the Supplementary Agreement dated February 9, 2015, by and among Harbin Humankind Biology Technology Co., Limited., Xin Sun, Harbin Huimeijia Medicine Company, and Xiuzheng Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. 

Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on February 13, 2015. 

10.10 
 
 China Health Industries Holdings, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, effective as of March 27, 2015 

Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 2, 2015. 

10.11 
 
 Form of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement 

Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 2, 2015. 

41 

Exhibit 

Filed 

Index 
 
 Description of Document 
 
 Herewith 
 
 Incorporated by Reference To: 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries. 

Exhibit 21.1 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 28, 2018. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of the Independent Publicly Registered Accountants 
 
 x 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 x 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 x 

32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 x 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL
and contained in Exhibit 101). 

42 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

CHINA HEALTH INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Xin Sun 
 
 Date: 
 November 13, 2023 
 Name: 
 Xin Sun 

Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
(principal
executive officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

By: 
 /s/ Xin Sun 

Name: 
 Xin Sun 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer), 

Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial officer and 

principal accounting officer) and sole director 

Date: November 13, 2023 

43 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 f10k2023ex4-2_chinahealth.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE EXCHANGE ACT

Exhibit 4.2 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

As of June 30, 2023, China
Health Industries Holdings, Inc. (the Company, we, us, and our or CHHE had one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ),
which is our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the common stock ). 

We are incorporated in the
State of Delaware. The rights of our shareholders are generally covered by Delaware law and our certificate of incorporation and by-laws.
The terms of our common stock are therefore subject to Delaware law, including the Delaware General Corporation Law. The following is
a summary of the material terms of our common stock. This summary does not purport to be exhaustive and is qualified in its entirety by
reference to our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, to the applicable provisions of Delaware law. 

As of September 15, 2023,
there were 65,539,737 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding, held by approximately 502 shareholders of record. 

Our common stock is currently
traded on the OTC Markets QB Tier under the symbol CHHE. 

Authorized Shares of Common Stock. We
currently have authorized 100,000,000 shares of common stock. 

Voting. The holders of
our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders, including
the election of directors, and do not have cumulative voting rights. Accordingly, the holders of a majority of the shares of our common
stock entitled to vote in any election of directors can elect all of the directors standing for election. 

Dividends. The holders
of common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors out of legally
available funds. 

Liquidation. In the event
of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of our common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally
available for distribution to shareholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities. 

Rights and Preferences. The
holders of our common stock have no preemptive, conversion or subscription rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions
applicable to our common stock. 

Fully Paid and Nonassessable .
All of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 

Direct Transfer LLC, 1981
Murray Holladay Road, Suite 100, Salt Lake City, UT 84117, is the registrar and transfer agent of our common stock. 

Delaware Anti-Takeover Provisions 

We are subject to Section
203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits a publicly-held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination, 
except under certain circumstances, with an interested shareholder for a period of three years following the date such person
became an interested shareholder unless: 

before
such person became an interested shareholder, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the
transaction that resulted in the interested shareholder becoming an interested shareholder; 

upon
the consummation of the transaction that resulted in the interested shareholder becoming an interested shareholder, the interested shareholder
owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding shares held by
directors who also are officers of the corporation and shares held by employee stock plans; or 

at
or following the time such person became an interested shareholder, the business combination is approved by the board of directors of
the corporation authorized at a meeting of shareholders by the affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds (2/3) of the outstanding
voting stock of the corporation which is not owned by the interested shareholder. 

For purposes of Section
203, the term interested shareholder generally is defined as a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns,
or, within the three years prior to the determination of interested shareholder status, owned, 15 or more of a corporation s outstanding
voting stock. The term business combination includes mergers, asset or stock sales and other similar transactions resulting
in a financial benefit to an interested shareholder. Section 203 makes it more difficult for an interested shareholder 
to effect various business combinations with a corporation for a three-year period. The existence of this provision would be expected
to have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by our board of directors, including discouraging
attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares of common stock held by shareholders. Presently, we have
not opted out of this provision. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 f10k2023ex23-1_chinahealth.htm
 CONSENT OF THE INDEPENDENT PUBLICLY REGISTERED ACCOUNTANTS

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
of China Health Industries Holdings, Inc. on Form S-8 (File No.333-214487) of our report dated November 13, 2023, with respect to our
audit of the consolidated financial statements of China Health Industries Holdings, Inc. for the year ended June 30, 2023, which report
is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 

We also consent to the reference to us under the
heading Experts in such Registration Statement. 

/s/ Assentsure PAC 

Assentsure PAC 

 Singapore 

 November 13, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2023ex31-1_chinahealth.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Xin Sun, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Form 10-K of China Health Industries Holdings, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
annual report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 

b) designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

a) all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2023 
 /s/ Xin Sun 

Xin Sun 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2023ex31-2_chinahealth.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Xin Sun, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Form 10-K of China Health Industries Holdings, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
annual report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 

b) designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

a) all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2023 
 /s/ Xin Sun 

Xin Sun 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (principal financial officer and 
 principal accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2023ex32-1_chinahealth.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of China
Health Industries Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Xin Sun, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: November 13, 2023 
 /s/ Xin Sun 

Xin Sun 

Chief Executive Officer and 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(principal executive officer, 
 principal financial officer, and principal
 accounting officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

The foregoing certification is being furnished
solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after
the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 chhe-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 chhe-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 chhe-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 chhe-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 chhe-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

