<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231013_10-K_edgar_data_1593001_0001013762-23-003824.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9398035</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1516932</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2132701</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2175335</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1647677</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1685423</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>26</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001013762-23-003824.hdr.sgml : 20231013
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231013161025
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001013762-23-003824
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231013
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231013

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NightFood Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001593001
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SUGAR & CONFECTIONERY PRODUCTS [2060]
		IRS NUMBER:				463885019
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55406
		FILM NUMBER:		231325189

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 WHITE PLAINS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 520
		CITY:			TARRYTOWN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10591
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-888-6444

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 WHITE PLAINS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 520
		CITY:			TARRYTOWN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10591

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001013762-23-003824.txt : 20231013

10-K
 1
 f10k2023_nightfood.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal year ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________ to __________ 

Commission File Number __________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Incorporation or Organization) Identification No.) 
 , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

-888-6444 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common Stock, 0.001 par value 
 
 (Title of Class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 No 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit such files. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect
the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any
of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

State the aggregate market value of the voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the
average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of December 31, 2022: 

As of October 13, 2023, the issuer had 
shares of its common stock issued and outstanding, par value 0.001 per share. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 14 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 14 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 14 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 14 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 15 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 17 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 17 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 24 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 25 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 25 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 26 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 26 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 27 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 30 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 32 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 33 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 34 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 35 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 

i 

PART I 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information 

Certain statements made in this Annual Report
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be
materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The
forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Our plans
and objectives are based, in part, on assumptions involving judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive
and market conditions, technological developments related to business support services and outsourced business processes, and future business
decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. 

Although we believe that our assumptions underlying
the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and, therefore, there can be no assurance
that the forward-looking statements included in this report will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent
in the forward-looking statements included herein particularly in view of the current state of our operations, the inclusion of such information
should not be regarded as a statement by us or any other person that our objectives and plans will be achieved. Factors that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to,
the factors set forth herein under the headings Business, and Risk Factors . 

1 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Nightfood Holdings, Inc. we ,
 us the Company or Nightfood is a Nevada corporation organized on October 16, 2013 to acquire
all of the issued and outstanding shares of Nightfood, Inc., a New York corporation Nightfood from its sole shareholder,
Sean Folkson. All of our operations are conducted by our Subsidiaries (Nightfood, Inc. and MJ Munchies, Inc.) 

Nightfood, Inc. is in the business of manufacturing,
marketing and distributing snacks specially formulated and promoted for evening consumption. A large number of Americans snack at night,
and the most common options tend to be high in sugar, fat, sodium, and calories; such snacks can impair sleep quality and also impair
health in general. Management believes that our products are unique in the food industry and that there is a substantial market for nighttime
specific snacks that are formulated with better sleep in mind. Our corporate address is 520 White Plains Road Suite 500, Tarrytown,
New York 10591 and our telephone number is 888-888-6444. We maintain a web site at www.Nightfood.com, along with many additional web properties.
Any information that may appear on our web site should not be deemed to be a part of this report. 

On January 3, 2018, the Registrant formed a new
wholly-owned subsidiary to capitalize on opportunities in the marijuana and CBD edibles space. MJ Munchies, Inc. Munchies was formed as a Nevada corporation with a capital structure of 10,000 shares of common stock. Since formation, Munchies has built an intellectual
property portfolio that includes protections regarding the use of the Half-Baked mark in the State of California relating
to certain cannabis-related products. The Registrant also acquired the HalfBaked.com domain, and several other related domain names and
IP. On September 21, 2023, Munchies announced it had entered into an exclusive license agreement for the Half-Baked trademark with Houdini
Group, a vertically integrated California-based cannabis company. 

Industry Overview - Nightfood 

What you eat before bed matters. 

Nightfood is pioneering the category of sleep-friendly
nighttime snacking. 

Research indicates that humans are biologically
hard-wired to load up on sweets and fats at night. Loading a surplus of calories (fuel) into the body before the long nightly fast is
believed to be an outdated survival mechanism from our hunter-gatherer days. Unfortunately, while modern consumers know this type of consumption
isn t necessary for survival, willpower also weakens at night, so consumers are more likely to succumb to these unhealthy nighttime
cravings for excess survival calories . 

As a result, over 90 of adults report snacking
regularly between dinner and bed (according to SleepFoundation.org), resulting in an estimated 1 billion nighttime snack occasions weekly
in the United States, and an annual spend on night snacks of over 60 billion. Because of our hard-wired evolutionary preferences at night
for calorie-dense foods which increased the odds of short-term survival for our ancestors, the most popular nighttime snacks are ice cream,
cookies, chips, and candy. These are all understood to be generally unhealthy. They can also impair sleep quality. 

And, because these cravings are biologically hardwired,
we believe modern unhealthy nighttime snacking behavior will continue to be a pattern and a problem for a significant portion of the population
in developed nations around the world. We believe it s a problem that demands a solution. 

In recent years, billions of dollars of consumer
spend have shifted to better-for-you versions of consumers favorite snacks. Nightfood snacks are not only formulated to be better-for-you,
but they re uniquely formulated by sleep experts and nutritionists to provide a better nutritional foundation for quality sleep. 

A significant portion of total snack consumption
takes place between dinner and bed. Nutrition is an important part of sleep-hygiene because what one eats at night impacts sleep. Industry
surveys indicate that modern consumers seek functional benefits from their snacks, and most consumers would also prefer better sleep. 

As the pioneers of the nighttime snacking category,
Nightfood accepts the responsibility to educate consumers and build the awareness required to grow the nighttime segment of the overall
snack market. Along with that responsibility comes the opportunity to be the category king. We envision a future where nighttime specific,
sleep-friendly snacks comprise a meaningful subsegment of the estimated 150 billion American snack market. 

2 

Management believes significant latent consumer
demand exists for better nighttime snacking options, and that a new consumer category, consisting of nighttime specific snacks, is set
to emerge in the coming years. This belief is supported by research from major consumer goods research firms such as IRI Worldwide, and
Mintel, who identified nighttime specific foods and beverages as one of the most compelling and category changing trends 
for 2017 and beyond. In recent years, CEO s and other executives from major consumer goods conglomerates such as Nestle, PepsiCo,
Mondelez, and Kellogg s have commented on consumer nighttime snack habits and alluded to the opportunity that might exist in solving
this problem for the marketplace. 

Nightfood has established a highly credentialed
Scientific Advisory Board consisting of sleep and nutrition experts to drive product formulation decisions and provide consumer confidence
in the brand promise. The first member of this advisory board was Dr. Michael Grandner, Director of the Sleep and Health Research Program
at the University of Arizona. Dr. Grandner has been conducting research on the link between nutrition and sleep for over fifteen years,
and he believes improved nighttime nutritional choices can improve sleep, resulting in many short and long-term health benefits. In March
of 2018, the Company added Dr. Michael Breus to their Scientific Advisory Board. Dr. Breus, known to millions as The Sleep Doctor ,
is believed to be the Nation s most trusted authority on sleep. He regularly appears in the national media to educate and inform
consumers so they can sleep better and lead happier, healthier, more productive lives. In July, 2018, we completed our Scientific Advisory
Board with the addition of Lauren Broch, Ph.D, M.S. Dr. Broch is a sleep therapist and former Director of Education Training at
the Sleep-Wake Disorders Center at Weill Cornell Medical College. Dr. Broch also has a master s degree in human nutrition. This
combination allows her to play an important role in the formulation of Nightfood snacks. These experts work with Company management to
ensure Nightfood products deliver on their nighttime-appropriate, and sleep-friendly promises. 

Compared to regular ice cream, Nightfood is formulated
with more tryptophan, more vitamin B6, more calcium, magnesium, and zinc, more protein and more prebiotic fiber. Nightfood also contains
less fat, less sugar, and fewer calories than traditional ice cream, and is lactose free. 

Nightfood cookies offer similar nutritional benefits
when compared to conventional cookies. They feature less sugar, less fat, fewer calories, more protein, more prebiotic fiber, and contain
added inositol and vitamin B6. 

Each new Nightfood snack format would be expected
to deliver sleep-friendly snacking in a way that is appropriate for that format. For example, Nightfood chips would not necessarily contain
significantly more tryptophan than other brands of chips but may be more sleep-friendly in other ways. 

In February of 2019, it was announced that Nightfood
had won the 2019 Product of the Year Award in the ice cream category in a Kantar innovation survey of over 40,000 consumers. In June of
2019, it was announced that Nightfood won both the Best New Ice Cream and Best New Dairy Dessert awards at the World Dairy Innovation
Awards. 

In November of 2021, Nightfood won the Real California
Milk Excelerator Dairy Innovation competition, with a top prize of 150,000 in marketing support. Executives and judges from the California
Milk Advisory Board and corporate entities such as Hershey s, Coca-Cola, and Whole Foods commended the unique problem the Nightfood
brand addresses for consumers, and the opportunities and strategic advantages afforded by widespread hotel distribution for a brand pioneering
sleep-friendly nighttime snacking. 

Nightfood has received media coverage in outlets
such as The Today Show, Oprah Magazine, The Rachael Ray Show, Food Network Magazine, The Wall Street Journal, USA Today, The Washington
Post, Fox Business News, and many more media outlets. 

3 

Our Products, Present and Proposed 

The most widely consumed nighttime snacks are
cookies, chips, candy, and ice cream. Our goal is to offer consumers sleep-friendly versions of each of those snack formats as well as
others. 

Compared to regular ice cream, Nightfood is formulated
to contain less sugar, less fat, fewer calories, more tryptophan, more protein, more prebiotic fiber, more vitamin B6, more calcium, magnesium,
and zinc. 

Nightfood ice cream has been produced in nine
flavors. These are Full Moon Vanilla, Midnight Chocolate, Cold Brew Decaf, After Dinner Mint Chip, Milk Cookie Dough, Cherry Eclipse,
Bed and Breakfast, Cookies n Dreams, and Pickles For Two. The Company is currently focused on two of those flavors, Midnight Chocolate
and Cookies n Dreams, which are the two flavors in national hotel distribution. Pickles for Two has been discontinued, and the
other 6 flavors are not scheduled for additional production in the short term. Management anticipates bringing some or all of those flavors
back into production in the future, if and when Nightfood ice cream pints are reintroduced into supermarket distribution. 

Nightfood cookies have been manufactured in one
flavor (Prime-Time Chocolate Chip), and two other flavors have been developed (Date Night Cherry Oat and Snoozerdoodle). Compared to traditional
cookies, Nightfood cookies feature less sugar, less fat, fewer calories, more protein, more prebiotic fiber, and contain added inositol
and vitamin B6. 

Our goal is to introduce sleep-friendly versions
of additional popular nighttime snack formats subject to available capital and market demand, including chips, single-serve ice cream
novelties, candy, and more. 

Each new Nightfood snack format would be expected
to deliver sleep-friendly snacking in a way that is appropriate for that format. For example, Nightfood chips would not necessarily contain
significantly more tryptophan than other brands of chips but may be more sleep-friendly in other ways. 

Development Plans 

The Company plans to leverage direct-to-consumer
sales and hotel distribution to grow revenue, grow brand awareness, and establish the sleep-friendly snack category we are pioneering.
We plan to expand into mainstream retail, including supermarket distribution, when we have built a foundation of revenue and consumer
awareness. 

Production 

To date, we have utilized contract manufacturers
for producing our products and packaging, and third-party logistics for warehousing and order fulfillment. We intend to continue outsourcing
in this manner as we add additional snack formats to the Nightfood product lineup. 

Marketing and Distribution 

Nightfood ice cream is currently available in
hundreds of hotel locations across the United States. In 2023, we announced relationships with major global hotel companies Sonesta International
Hotels, Choice Hotels International, and BWH Hotels (Best Western). We ve also received interest from brand and wellness executives
at other global hotel companies. 

These corporate level relationships do not guarantee
distribution in the lobby markets of those chains. The final decision-makers are typically the local operators or management groups, who
are generally less concerned with brand image and wellness than the brand managers and wellness executives at headquarters. 

4 

The Company faces distribution challenges which
management is addressing. These include the fact that Nightfood is not available in all points of distribution where local hotel operators
procure their snacks (which might include national distributors, local distributors, and local retailers such as Walmart, Sam s
Club, and Costco). In addition, many hotels have contracts with certain group purchasing organizations (GPOs), which restrict or disincentivize
the operators from sourcing products from outside that GPO network. Nightfood has active, signed agreements with two of the major hotel
industry GPOs, and management is working to secure relationships with others. Typically, the GPOs require significant demand before entering
contracts with new suppliers. At the same time, not having a contract is a hurdle in generating demand growth. This loop makes it challenging
to grow distribution in the complex hospitality ecosystem, but we believe we re making progress and will succeed over time. 

Over the last several quarters, we have built
what we believe is a very valuable network and distribution infrastructure, which includes global hospitality companies, GPOs, hotel management
groups, and distributors. 

During the three-month period ending September
30, 2023, approximately 300 hotels across the United States ordered Nightfood ice cream through our distributor. Hotel brands represented
in this group include Holiday Inn , Holiday Inn Express, Crowne Plaza, Homewood Suites, Hampton Inn, Embassy Suites, Hilton Garden Inn,
Comfort Inn, Everhome Suites, Sonesta Simply Suites, Sonesta ES Suites, Sonesta Select, Hyatt House, Springhill Suites, Townplace Suites,
Residence Inn, Courtyard by Marriott, and many more. Geographic density of our ice cream distribution is heaviest in New England, the
Carolinas, Florida, the Mid-Atlantic region, and Texas. There may currently be insufficient established distribution in certain regions
of the country to support full national distribution in regional warehouses around the country. Management is working on expanding distribution
options for local hotel operators that wish to make Nightfood ice cream available for their guests in those regions, while also focusing
on strengthening distribution in those regions where our ice cream has gained more traction. 

Nightfood cookies are awaiting a transition to
a new copacker, where our goal is to manufacture all three developed flavors simultaneously for the launch of adirect-to-consumer (DTC)
online marketing and sales campaign. Light R D work was quickly completed to improve the taste and texture of our Prime-Time Chocolate
Chip. Similar work for Date Night Cherry Oat and Snoozerdoodle is expected to be quickly completed pending the availability of funds to
launch DTC. The new copacker has the ability to produce higher volumes of cookies and at a significantly lower cost than the start-up
copacker that has produced our cookies to date. 

During July and August of 2023, we initiated a
direct-to-hotel sales initiative of 25 gram Nightfood Prime-Time Chocolate Chip cookies as a hotel guest check-in amenity. The initiative
met with some success but was not self-sustaining and has been paused. We believe a significant opportunity can exist in this space. Once
transitioned to the new manufacturing facility, we will revisit this opportunity. At the same time, we re exploring opportunities
to introduce Nightfood as an amenity at the hotel-brand level with some hotel chains. There are inherent distribution challenges with
such initiatives that would need to be overcome, but we believe any hotel chain that is sufficiently motivated to provide sleep-friendly
snacks for their guests could do so in partnership with our brand. 

We plan to expand into mainstream retail, including supermarket distribution,
when we have built a foundation of revenue and consumer awareness through direct-to-consumer retail and hotel distribution. 

5 

Competition 

The nutritional/snack food business is highly
competitive and includes such participants as companies like Mondelez, Nestle S.A., Hershey s, Hormel, Kraft/Heinz, Kellogg s,
Ferrero, Campbell Soup Company, Utz, General Mills, Mars, The Simply Good Foods Company, Wells Enterprises, Froneri, Unilever, Hostess,
PepsiCo, Post Holdings, and more. Many of these competitors have well established names and products. 

In 2019, Nestle announced interest in the nighttime
snacking space with the introduction of a candy-type product called GoodNight. In 2020, Pepsi announced the launch of a relaxation 
drink called Driftwell. Moreover, in 2021, Unilever announced they had initiated a year-long research study to identify how nutrition
could be used to improve sleep, through impact on the gut microbiome. In September 2021, the Chief Medical Officer of Pepsi stated that
Pepsi researchers were examining how foods and beverages affect neurochemical pathways, and that the company was interested in how this
research could be used to impact sleep. In 2023, Post Holdings, maker of well-known cereals such as Grape Nuts, HoneyComb, and Fruity
and Cocoa Pebbles, launched a cereal called Sweet Dreams which targets the nighttime snack occasion. 

While it is not typically the approach of global
brands to try to launch products into an unproven category, there is obviously interest in the space from some global players. We believe
that launches like those mentioned above from global food companies like Nestl , Pepsi, and Post indicate an interest from those
companies in the nighttime snack opportunity we ve identified and are pioneering. 

In recent years, our Company has been approached
by two of the largest food and beverage companies in the world to discuss and explore international partnership and joint venture opportunities
relating to the nighttime snack category. 

In April of 2023, it was announced that Nightfood
and Nestl initiated a proof-of-concept test of Nightfood s sleep-friendly cookies. Through a collaboration established with
Nestl and TAP Air Portugal, Nightfood cookies were made available on TAP flights from Miami to Lisbon for the purpose of collecting
data relating to consumer attitudes and behaviors related to the nighttime snack occasion. That data collection process was completed
in late September of 2023. We are awaiting an update from Nestl regarding next discussions and potential next steps together. 

Nightfood competes based upon the unique characteristics
and positioning of our products and we hope to derive significant leverage from being the pioneer and creator of the emerging night snack
category. However, other companies, including those with greater name recognition than us and greater resources may continue to introduce
products that could be viewed as competing directly with our products. 

Based on the current acquisition climate in the
consumer goods space, Management believes that successful growth of the Nightfood snack line could likely bring acquisition offers from
potential competitors as quickly as it might actually bring competition on the shelf from those same potential competitors. 

Management believes growth via e-commerce and
in the lobby shops of the world s largest hotel chains can provide a unique and powerful competitive advantage within the sleep-friendly
nighttime snack category. In the direct-to-consumer and hotel channels, the Nightfood brand can be insulated from potential competition
compared to in the supermarket environment. In addition, deep and wide hotel penetration could serve to entrench Nightfood as the leading
brand within the category, with a de-facto endorsement by the hotel industry serving as a distinct competitive advantage for Nightfood
when competing head to head with competitors in other segments of the marketplace. 

We believe the very nature of the hotel lobby
shops, with small retail footprint and limited selection, can afford Nightfood a protected position in that high-margin vertical during
the formative years of the category. Furthermore, management believes widespread hotel rollout of Nightfood snacks would serve to validate
the concept of sleep-friendly nutrition and night snacks in the minds of consumers, potentially accelerating its adoption in all relevant
retail verticals. 

Intellectual Property Rights 

We own the registered trademark Nightfood 
for the nutrition bar/snack/meal replacement category, and the ice cream category in the United States. In September 2021, the Company
also submitted for federal trademark protection for the Nightfood mark in the categories of cookies, chips, and candy in the United States.
The Nightfood mark in the ice cream category has also been registered in Australia, Benelux, Canada, Germany, Ireland, Mexico, New Zealand,
and the United Kingdom. We believe these marks can prove important and valuable to our business as we continue to pioneer the development
of a new category of snacks formulated with a sleep-friendly nutritional profile, specific to consumption at night, between dinner and
bedtime. 

We own the domain Nightfood.com as well as many
other relevant domains such as late-night-snack.com, nighttimesnack.com, and nighttimesnacking.com, as well as Nightfood.us, Nightfood.net,
TryNightfood.com, GetNightfood.com, NiteFood.com, TryNightfood.com, BuyNightfood.com, NightSnacking.com, and Night-Food.com. We also own
the toll-free number 888-888-NIGHT. 

6 

Nightfood s formulae and recipes are proprietary,
and we have non-disclosure agreements with our suppliers. 

Since formation, Munchies has built an intellectual
property portfolio that includes protections regarding the use of the Half-Baked mark in the State of California relating
to certain cannabis-related products. The Registrant also acquired the HalfBaked.com domain, and several other related domain names and
IP. On September 21, 2023, Munchies announced it had entered into an exclusive license agreement for the Half-Baked trademark with Houdini
Group, a vertically integrated California-based cannabis company. 

Personnel 

Nightfood has no employees. Our CEO, Sean Folkson,
has a consulting agreement with the Company. Functions within the company such as sales, marketing, production, distribution, sales, accounting,
public relations, and more are primarily conducted through vendor and consultant relationships. Should we be successful in executing our
business plan, we anticipate potentially hiring employees at some point to assist with various company functions. However, we also expect
to continue to strategically outsource to enable growth without unnecessary expense and overhead. 

Customers 

Our customers consist primarily of distributors
that sell snack product to hotels and supermarkets. In FY 2023, we had one customer that accounted for 42 of our Gross Sales. One other
customer accounted for 29 and two others each accounted for between 7 and 10 . In FY 2022, we had one customer that accounted for over
20 of our Gross Sales. Two other customers each accounted for 16 and four others each accounted for between 8.5 and 9.9 

Vendors 

During the year ended June 30, 2023 three
vendors accounted for approximately 72 of our costs of goods sold. In the year ended June 30, 2022, four vendors accounted for 92 
of our costs of goods sold, one of which individually accounted for 48 of all purchases. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

You should carefully consider the following factors
in evaluating our business, operations and financial condition. The occurrence of any the following risks could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Condition 

We require substantial additional funds to
execute our business plan. We have not yet established significant traction in the marketplace.
We generated net revenues of 133,456 and 443,538 for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Our future viability
is dependent on our ability to substantially increase our sales revenues. Furthermore, unless we are able to continue to leverage our
status as a public company into effective fundraising to fund our capital requirements, we will not be able to execute on our business
plan and purchasers of our stock will be likely to lose their investment. Over the next 6-12 months, we believe we will require approximately
 500,000 - 750,000 in debt or equity financing to scale our business through the introduction of new products and new distribution points
and attain profitability. An additional 2,000,000 - 2,500,000 would be needed to pay off all outstanding debt and payables, assuming
no conversions of debt to equity. The Company is continuing to raise capital through the sale of a combination of its common stock, preferred
stock and/or convertible notes, as well as the potential cash exercise of outstanding warrants, to finance the Company s operations,
of which it can give no assurance of success. We can give no assurance that we will be able to raise the required funds. 

Our independent registered public accounting
firm have expressed doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We received a report on our financial statements for the
years ended June 30, 2023, and June 30, 2022 from our independent registered public accounting firm that includes an explanatory paragraph
and a footnote stating that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern due to its losses and negative
net worth. Inclusion of a going concern qualification in the report of our independent accountants may have a negative impact
on our ability to obtain financing and may adversely impact our stock price in any market that may develop. 

7 

We might be unable to service our
existing debt due to a lack of cash flow and might be subject to declared default. As of June 30, 2023, we had 1,491,719 of
convertible notes payable, net of discounts. The majority of that debt is to one noteholder, Mast Hill Fund, L.P., and is secured by
a first priority security interest in substantially all of our assets. 

Because we did not repay the oldest of our notes
with Mast Hill when due on September, 22, 2023, the lender retains the option to declare a default and declare all amounts outstanding
to be immediately due and payable, along with default penalties and default interest. Should Mast Hill declare a default, they will have
a first claim on our assets pledged under the loan agreements. If Mast Hill should attempt to foreclose on the collateral, it is unlikely
that there would be any assets remaining after repayment in full of such secured indebtedness. 

We cannot predict when we will achieve profitability.
 We have not been profitable and cannot predict when we will achieve profitability, if ever. We have experienced net losses since our
inception. Our inability to become profitable may force us to curtail or temporarily discontinue our day-to-day operations. Furthermore,
there can be no assurance that profitability, if achieved, can be sustained on an ongoing basis. As of June 30, 2023, we had an accumulated
deficit of 34,988,126. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

The hotel industry may not adopt the concept
of nighttime snacks for their guests. Although it has been communicated to management by executives from multiple global
hospitality companies that they agree with the premise that any hotel selling snacks for guests should offer sleep-friendly nighttime
snacks, the possibility exists that the industry, as a whole, will not adopt the concept and our brand will not be able to scale sufficiently
for us to ever reach profitability. Significant competition exists within the hotel industry. While management believes that a few major
chains introducing nighttime snacks could trigger a tipping point within the space, it is possible that the brand may fail to reach that
level of growth. If management is wrong in its belief that the brand can achieve widespread hotel distribution that could impair our ability
to establish the Nightfood brand and/or the nighttime snack category as a whole, potentially causing us to fail if we re unable
to gain sufficient traction and revenue through other sales channels. 

Reduction in future demand for our products
would adversely affect our business. Demand for our ice cream, cookies, and other future products depends in part on our ability to
anticipate and effectively anticipate and respond to shifts in consumer trends and preferences, including the types of products our consumers
want and how they discover, purchase and consume them. Consumer preferences continuously evolve due to a variety of factors, including
changes in consumer demographics, consumption patterns and channel preferences; pricing; product quality; concerns or perceptions regarding
packaging and its environmental impact; and concerns or perceptions regarding the nutrition profile and health effects of, or location
of origin of, ingredients or substances in our products. Concerns with any of the foregoing could lead consumers to reduce or publicly
boycott the purchase or consumption of our existing products or other products we may develop in the future. Consumer preferences are
also influenced by perception of our brand image or the brand images of our products, the success of our advertising and marketing campaigns,
our ability to engage with our consumers in the manner they prefer, including through the use of digital media, and the perception of
our use, and the use of social media. Any inability on our part to anticipate or react to changes in consumer preferences and trends can
lead to reduced demand for our products, lead to inventory write-offs or erode our competitive and financial position, thereby adversely
affecting our business. In addition, our business operations are subject to disruption by natural disasters or other events beyond our
control that could negatively impact product availability and decrease demand for our products. 

We rely in part on third-party distributors
to effectively distribute our products. If we cannot maintain positive relationships with our existing and future distributors who wish
to, or can, effectively distribute our products to hotels and supermarkets, our operating results and business may suffer. 

We depend on qualified distributors for the distribution
of Nightfood snacks. We are subject to the uncertainty of convincing distributors to accept and distribute our products, which are in
the nighttime snaking category, an as-of-yet unproven market we are pioneering. Further, even if we are able to convince distributors
to carry our products, we will depend on these distributors support in marketing our products, yet we will be unable to control
their efforts completely, and they may cancel our arrangements at any time. These distributors typically would sell a variety of other,
competing and non-competing products that may limit the resources they dedicate to selling our products. Identifying and retaining third-party
distributors and convincing them of our value requires significant time and resources. To develop and expand our distribution, we may
be required to scale and improve our processes and procedures that support our distributors. Further, if our relationship with a successful
distributor terminates, we may be unable to replace that distributor without disruption to our business. If we fail to develop or maintain
positive relationships with our distributors, including in new markets, fail to manage or incentivize these distributors effectively,
or fail to provide distributors with competitive products on attractive terms, or if these distributors are not supportive in their sales
efforts, we may not achieve or may have a reduction in revenue and our operating results, reputation and business would be harmed. 

8 

System interruptions that impair customer access
to our website or other performance failures in our technology infrastructure could damage our business, reputation and brand and substantially
harm our business and results of operations. 

The satisfactory performance, reliability
and availability of our website, transaction processing systems and technology infrastructure are important to our reputation and
our ability to acquire and retain E-commerce customers, as well as maintain adequate customer service levels. Any compromise of our
or our third-party partners security could result in a violation of applicable security, privacy or data protection, consumer and
other laws, regulatory or other governmental investigations, enforcement actions, and legal and financial exposure, including
potential contractual liability. 

Inflation may increase our costs and alter
our capital requirements. 

Recently, inflation has increased to historic
levels across the U.S. and global economy, driving up the costs of goods and services. Inflation can adversely affect us by increasing
the costs of our materials, the development and manufacture of our products, administration, and other costs of doing business. We may
experience increases in the prices of labor and other costs of doing business. In an inflationary environment, cost increases may outpace
our expectations, causing us to use our cash and other liquid assets faster than forecasted. If this happens, we may need to raise additional
capital to fund our operations, which may not be available in sufficient amounts or on reasonable terms, if at all, sooner than expected. 

Additionally, inflation and related developments
could impact consumer and small business spending, including scaling back discretionary purchases of our products, and have other unforeseen
consequences. Challenging economic times could cause potential new customers not to purchase or to delay purchasing our products, and
could cause our existing customers to discontinue purchasing our products. 

Any of the foregoing may negatively impact our
revenues and future financial results. 

Damage to our reputation or brand image can
adversely affect our business. We expect that creating and maintaining a positive reputation is critical to selling our products.
Our reputation or brand image could be adversely impacted by a variety of factors, including: any failure by us or our contract manufacturer
and other business partners to maintain high ethical, social, business and environmental practices; any failure to address health concerns
about our products or particular ingredients in our products; our research and development efforts; any product quality or safety issues,
including the recall of any of our products; any failure to comply with laws and regulations; consumer perception of our advertising campaigns,
sponsorship arrangements, marketing programs and use of social media; or any failure to effectively respond to negative or inaccurate
comments about us on social media or otherwise regarding any of the foregoing. Damage to our reputation or brand image could decrease
demand for our products, thereby adversely affecting our business. 

Issues or concerns with respect to product
quality and safety can adversely affect our business. Product quality or safety issues, whether as a result of failure to comply with
food safety laws or otherwise, could in the future reduce consumer confidence and demand for our products, cause production and delivery
disruptions, require product recalls and result in increased costs (including payment of fines and/or judgments) and damage our reputation,
all of which can adversely affect our business. Failure to maintain adequate oversight over product quality or safety can result in product
recalls, litigation, government investigations or inquiries or civil or criminal proceedings, all of which may result in fines, penalties,
damages or criminal liability. Our business can also be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in product quality, safety and
integrity generally, even if such loss of confidence is unrelated to our products. 

9 

Disruption of our supply chain may adversely
affect our business. Some of the raw materials and supplies used in the production of our products may from time to time be sourced
from countries experiencing civil unrest, political instability or unfavorable economic conditions. Additionally, some raw materials and
supplies, including packaging materials, are available only from a limited number of suppliers or from a sole supplier or are in short
supply. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain favorable arrangements and relationships with suppliers. We do not
have any contingency plans to prevent disruptions that may arise from shortages or discontinuation of any raw materials and other supplies
that we use in the manufacture, production and distribution of our products. The raw materials and other supplies that our contractors
use for the manufacturing, production and distribution of our products are subject to price volatility and fluctuations in availability
caused by many factors. If price changes result in unexpected or significant increases in the costs of any raw materials or other supplies,
we may be unwilling or unable to increase our product prices or unable to effectively hedge against price increases to offset these increased
costs without suffering reduced volume, revenue, margins and operating results. 

Our reliance on third-party service providers
can have an adverse effect on our business. We rely on third-party service providers for most areas of our business, including procurement
of ingredients, manufacturing, transportation, cold storage, sales marketing, and finance and accounting functions. Failure by these
third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory and other obligations to us, or our failure to adequately monitor their performance,
could result in additional costs to correct errors made by such service providers. Depending on the function involved, such errors can
also lead to business disruption, systems performance degradation, processing inefficiencies or other systems disruptions, the loss of
or damage to intellectual property or sensitive data through security breaches or otherwise, incorrect or adverse effects on financial
reporting, litigation or remediation costs, damage to our reputation, all of which can adversely affect our business. For example, should
the refrigeration system fail at our third-party cold storage facility, we could suffer the loss of some, or all, of our inventory. Should
our contract manufacturers go out of business or suffer major equipment failure, we may lose the ability to produce sufficient quantities
of our products for a period of time before establishing production with a new copacker. Any number of similar failures on behalf of our
service providers could prove damaging to our ongoing operations and our ability to fulfill demand. 

Our ability to hire additional personnel is
important to the continued growth of our business. Our continued success depends upon our ability to attract and retain a group of
motivated marketing and business support professionals. Our growth may be limited if we cannot recruit and retain a sufficient number
of people. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to hire and retain a sufficient number of qualified personnel. 

Although we currently do not have any employees,
we expect that as and if we continue to grow, we will commence hiring full and part-time employees, all of whom will need to be highly
skilled and diverse. We expect that any such employees would also be highly sought after by our competitors and other companies and our
ability to compete would effectively depend on our ability to attract, retain, develop and motivate highly skilled personnel for all areas
of our organization. Any unplanned turnover or unsuccessful implementation of our succession plans to backfill current leadership positions,
including our president and Chief Executive Officer, or failure to attract, develop and maintain a highly skilled and diverse workforce,
including with key capabilities such as e-commerce and digital marketing and data analytic skills, would likely deplete our institutional
knowledge base, erode any competitive advantage we may have or result in increased costs due to increased competition for employees, higher
employee turnover or increased employee benefit costs. Any of the foregoing can adversely affect our business. 

We face substantial competition. Competition
in all aspects of the functional food industry is intense. We compete against both large conglomerates with substantial resources and
smaller companies, including new companies that might be formed with resources similar to our own. Accordingly, it is both concentrated
and dispersed and we face challenges from numerous competitors as we seek to establish our brand and gain customer loyalty. The success
of these efforts is, by its nature, uncertain. 

Additionally, competitors may seek to duplicate
the perceived benefits of our products in ways that do not infringe on any proprietary rights that we can protect. As a result we could
find that our entire marketing plan and business model is undercut or made irrelevant by actions of other companies under which we have
no control. We cannot promise that we can accomplish our marketing goals and as a result may experience negative impact upon our operating
results. 

If we are able to expand our operations, we
may be unable to manage our future growth successfully. 

If we are able to expand
our operations, we may experience periods of rapid growth, which will require additional resources. Any such growth could place substantial
strain on our management and our operational, financial, and other resources, and we will need to train, motivate, and manage current
employees, as well as attract management, sales, finance and accounting, technical, and other professionals. In addition, we will need
to expand the scope of our infrastructure and our physical resources. Any failure to expand these areas and implement appropriate procedures
and controls in an efficient manner and at a pace consistent with our business objectives and such growth could have a material adverse
effect on our business and results of operations. 

Our focus on a singular daypart could expose
us to loss of addressable market. 

Our business is centered on the nighttime snack
occasion. The risks associated with focusing on a singular daypart can be substantial. Should consumers around the world discontinue unhealthy
nighttime snacking en masse, we may not be financially or operationally capable of introducing alternative products within a short time
frame. As a result, such demand decline could cause us to cease operations. 

10 

The full impact of COVID-19 on our business
remains unknown. Reports indicate that consumer behavior has shifted as a result of COVID and the resulting impact on the economy.
Some of these reported changes include fewer supermarket visits, consumer reliance on legacy brands in lieu of trying new branded offerings,
and increases in at-home snacking. Further, for a period of time, COVID resulted in decreased travel and hotel occupancy, which would
have adversely affected any sales of our products in hotels that would have carried our snacks. Additionally, customary marketing tactics
such as in-store displays and product sampling have been either impaired or impermissible, which could have a material adverse effect
on the introduction of our products in new retail establishments. To date, we have experienced only minor issues regarding supply chain
and logistics. Our order processing function has been largely normal to date, and our manufacturers have assured us that their operations
are continuing with no or minor interruptions. However, any future changes as a result of COVID-19 could have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations and financial condition, including that an uptick in cases and resulting shutdowns in travel could materially
adversely affect our projected sales in our new hotel vertical. 

Additionally, it is possible that the fallout
from the pandemic could make it more difficult in the future for the Company to access required growth capital, possibly rendering us
unable to meet certain debts and expenses. 

Our success depends to a large extent upon
the continued service of key managerial personnel and our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. We are highly dependent
on the ability and experience of Sean Folkson, our CEO. We have a consulting agreement with Mr. Folkson; however, the loss of Mr. Folkson
would present a significant setback for us and could impede the implementation of our business plan. There is no assurance that we will
be successful in acquiring and retaining qualified personnel to execute our current plan of operations. 

Risks Relating to our Securities and Structure 

The ability of our sole executive officer and
director to control our business will limit minority shareholders ability to influence corporate affairs . As of the date of
this filing, Mr. Folkson beneficially owned 17,176,644 shares of our common stock. In addition to his beneficial ownership of the
common stock, Mr. Folkson beneficially owns 1,000 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock, which votes with the common stock and has an
aggregate of 100,000,000 votes. Accordingly, Mr. Folkson controls the majority of the voting power in the Company. Because of his stock
ownership, Mr. Folkson is in a position to continue to elect our board of directors, decide all matters requiring stockholder approval
and determine our policies. Mr. Folkson s interests may differ from the interests of other shareholders with respect to the issuance
of shares, business transactions with or sales to other companies, selection of officers and directors and other business decisions. Other
shareholders have no way of overriding decisions made by Mr. Folkson as an officer or a director through their ownership of our common
stock. This level of control may also have an adverse impact on the market value of our shares because he may institute or undertake transactions,
policies or programs that result in losses, may not take any steps to increase our visibility in the financial community and/ or may sell
sufficient numbers of shares to significantly decrease our price per share. 

Failure to establish and maintain an effective
system of internal controls could harm our business and could negatively impact the price of our stock. We must review and update
our internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies as our company continues to evolve. In addition,
we are required to comply with the internal control evaluation and certification requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
and management is required to report annually on our internal control over financial reporting. Our independent registered public accounting
firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section
404 of SOX until the date we are no longer a smaller reporting company as defined by applicable SEC rules. 

Any ineffective internal control regarding our
financial reporting could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results and the price of our common stock could be negatively
affected. This reporting requirement could also make it more difficult or more costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including
director and officer liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher
costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. Any system of internal controls, however well designed and operated, is based in part on
certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. Any failure or
circumvention of the controls and procedures or failure to comply with regulation concerning control and procedures could have a material
effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. Any of these events could result in an adverse reaction in the financial
marketplace due to a loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, which ultimately could negatively affect
the market price of our shares, increase the volatility of our stock price and adversely affect our ability to raise additional funding.
The effect of these events could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors
and as executive officers. 

11 

Our management s evaluation of the effectiveness
of our internal controls over financial reporting as of June 30, 2022 concluded that our controls were not effective. Management believes
there is a possibility that these control deficiencies, if uncorrected, may result in material misstatements in the annual or interim
financial statements that might not be prevented or detected in a timely manner. Accordingly, we have determined that these control deficiencies
constitute material weaknesses. Although the Company is taking steps to remediate the material weaknesses, it currently has limited resources
to do so and there can be no assurance that similar incidents can be prevented in the future. 

We will need to evaluate our existing internal
controls over financial reporting against the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) (the Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. During the course of our ongoing evaluation of the internal
controls, we may identify other areas requiring improvement, and may have to design enhanced processes and controls to address issues
identified through this review. Remediating any deficiencies, significant deficiencies or material weaknesses that we or our independent
registered public accounting firm may identify may require us to incur significant costs and expend significant time and management resources.
We cannot assure you that any of the measures we implement to remedy any such deficiencies will effectively mitigate or remedy such deficiencies.
The existence of one or more material weaknesses could affect the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting. Investors could lose
confidence in our financial reports, and the value of our common stock may be harmed, if our internal controls over financial reporting
are found not to be effective by management or by an independent registered public accounting firm or if we make disclosure of existing
or potential material weaknesses in those controls. 

Even if we conclude that our internal control
over financial reporting provides reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect fraud or misstatements. Failure to implement required new or improved controls,
or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our future reporting
obligations. 

Our reporting obligations as a public company
will place a significant strain on our management, operational and financial resources and systems for the foreseeable future. If we fail
to timely achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to produce reliable financial
reports or help prevent fraud. Our failure to achieve and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could prevent us
from filing our periodic reports on a timely basis which could result in the loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial
statements, harm our business and negatively impact the trading price of our common stock. 

Our trading market may be restricted by virtue
of state securities Blue Sky laws to the extent they prohibit trading absent compliance with individual state laws. These
restrictions may make it difficult or impossible to sell shares in those states. Although trading activity in our stock has increased
in recent years, generally t here has been a limited public market for our common stock, and there can be no assurance that an active
and regular public market will develop in the foreseeable future. Transfer of our common stock may also be restricted under the securities
or securities regulations laws promulgated by various states and foreign jurisdictions, commonly referred to as Blue Sky 
laws. Absent compliance with such individual state laws, our common stock may not be traded in such jurisdictions. Because our securities
have not been registered for resale under the Blue Sky laws of any state, the holders of such shares and persons who desire
to purchase them in any trading market that might develop in the future, should be aware that there may be significant state Blue
Sky law restrictions upon the ability of investors to sell the securities and of purchasers to purchase the securities. These restrictions
prohibit the secondary trading of our common stock. Accordingly, investors should consider the secondary market for our securities to
be a limited one. 

12 

Recent issuances of convertible preferred stock,
convertible notes, and common stock purchase warrants may have a negative impact on the trading prices of our common stock. The resale
of shares issued in relation to recent financing transactions can have a negative effect on the market for our common stock and may cause
dilution to our common stockholders. 

Our common stock is subject to the penny
stock rules of the SEC, which makes transactions in our stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in our stock. 
The SEC has adopted regulations which generally define a penny stock as an equity security that has a market price of less
than 5.00 per share, subject to specific exemptions. The SEC s penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, before a transaction
in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about
penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations
for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and the salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing
the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. In addition, the penny stock rules generally require that before
a transaction in a penny stock occurs, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable
investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s agreement to the transaction. If applicable in the future, these rules
may restrict the ability of brokers-dealers to sell our common stock and may affect the ability of investors to sell their shares, until
our common stock no longer is considered a penny stock. 

General Risks 

The price of our common stock might fluctuate
significantly, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Volatility in the market price of our common stock may prevent you
from being able to sell your shares of our common stock at or above the price you paid for your shares. The trading price of our common
stock may be volatile and subject to wide price fluctuations in response to various factors, including: 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial and operating results; 

our progress toward developing new or proposed products; 

publication of research reports about us or our industry or positive or negative recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage by securities analysts, if any; 

perceptions about the market acceptance of our products and the recognition of our brand; 

adverse publicity about our products or industry in general; 

overall performance of the equity markets; 

introduction of products, or announcements of significant contracts, licenses or acquisitions, by us or our competitors; 

legislative, political or regulatory developments; 

additions or departures of key personnel; 

threatened or actual litigation and government investigations; 

sale of shares of our common stock by us or members of our management; and 

general economic conditions. 

13 

These and other factors might cause the market
price of our common stock to fluctuate substantially, which may negatively affect the liquidity of our common stock. In addition, from
time to time, the stock market experiences price and volume fluctuations, some of which may be significant. This volatility has had a
significant impact on the market price of securities issued by many companies across many industries. The changes frequently appear to
occur without regard to the operating performance of the affected companies. Accordingly, the price of our common stock could fluctuate
based upon factors that have little or nothing to do with our company, and these fluctuations could materially reduce our share price. 

Securities class action litigation has often been
instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the overall market and in the market price of a company s securities.
This litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs, divert our management s attention and resources, and
harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

The issuance of shares
upon exercise of outstanding warrants and options could cause immediate and substantial dilution to existing stockholders. The issuance
of shares upon exercise of warrants and options could result in substantial dilution to the interests of other stockholders. 

Future sales of our
common stock by our stockholders could negatively affect our stock price. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock
in the public market by our shareholders, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common
stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. 

IN ADDITION TO THE ABOVE RISKS, BUSINESSES ARE
OFTEN SUBJECT TO RISKS NOT FORESEEN OR FULLY APPRECIATED BY MANAGEMENT. IN REVIEWING THIS ANNUAL REPORT, POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD KEEP
IN MIND THAT THERE MAY BE OTHER POSSIBLE RISKS THAT COULD BE IMPORTANT. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Description of Property 

We do not own or lease any real estate. Our consultants,
including Sean Folkson, our president, CEO and chairman, work out of their respective residence or other places of business, as the case
may be, in the U.S. and around the world. We are also a member of a network of workspaces that our management uses on an as-needed basis.
We believe that these facilities are adequate for our current and short-term needs but would consider long-term leased office space as
and when we commence hiring full-time employees. We currently store our inventory in licensed and insured third party warehouses and fulfillment
centers. We believe that our warehousing and fulfillment solutions are adequate for our current needs and that alternative similar or
additional space could be found at similar cost should the need arise. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There are no current, past, pending or threatened
legal proceedings or administrative actions either by or against the issuer that could have a material effect on the issuer s business,
financial condition, or operations. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

14 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

MARKET INFORMATION 

Our common stock is quoted
on the OTCQB Market under the symbol NGTF. 

The following table
sets forth the range of high and low bid quotations for our common stock for each of the periods indicated as reported by OTCMarkets.
These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual
transactions. 

The last reported price was 0.0396 on October 12, 2023. 

Period Ending June 30, 2023 
 High 
 Low 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 .21 
 .12 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 .19 
 .0805 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 .135 
 .0675 
 
 June 30, 2023 
 .0925 
 .0186 

Period Ending June 30, 2022: 

September 30, 2021 
 .30 
 .215 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 .255 
 .151 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 .244 
 .15 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 .21 
 .131 

HOLDERS 

The approximate number of holders of record of
our common stock at October 12, 2023 was 270. The number of stockholders of record does not include thousands of beneficial owners
of our common stock, whose shares are held in the names of various dealers, clearing agencies, banks, brokers and other fiduciaries. 

DIVIDEND POLICY 

No dividends have ever been declared by the Board
of Directors on our common stock. Our losses do not currently indicate the ability to pay any cash dividends, and we do not have the intention
of paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

15 

RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES 

During the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023, the
Company issued (a) 6,550,000 shares of common stock in regards to the conversion of Series B Preferred Stock , (b) 532,853 shares of common
stock for services rendered valued at 77,110,(c) 2,469,697 shares of its common stock as financing cost valued at 104,515, (d)
an aggregate of 6,549,128 shares of its common stock for cashless exercise of 4,928,260 original issued stock purchase
warrants, (e) an aggregate of 1,871,800 shares of common stock in conjunction with its Regulation A+ Offering for which net proceeds were
received of 229,729, (f) 3,800,000 shares of common stock in exchange for the return of 10,869,566 returnable warrants, (g)
2,750,000 shares of its common stock in exchange for the return of 2,750,000 stock purchase warrants, (h) an aggregate of 5,750,000 shares
of its common stock for cash exercise of 5,750,000 original issued stock purchase warrants. The Company received net proceeds of 276,066,
and (i) 1,500,000 shares of common stock as consideration for convertible debt in the principal amount of 16,088 and in the accrued interest
payable of 33,907, with a fair value of 91,500. These shares were issued in private transactions pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act and/or in offerings under Regulation D, as transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering. 

SECURITIES AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY
COMPENSATION PLANS. 

As of June 30, 2023, we had no compensation plans
under which our equity securities were authorized for issuance. 

PENNY STOCK REGULATION 

Shares of our common stock have been and will
likely continue to be subject to rules adopted the SEC that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny
stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than 5.00 (other than securities registered on certain
national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions
in those securities is provided by the exchange or system). The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a
penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC, which contains
the following: 

a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; 

a description of the broker s or dealer s duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to violation to such duties or other requirements of securities laws; 

a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; 

a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; 

definitions of significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and 

such other information and is in such form (including language, type, size and format), as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation. 

Prior to effecting any transaction in penny stock,
the broker-dealer also must provide the customer the following: 

the bid and offer quotations for the penny stock; 

the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; 

the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and 

monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. 

In addition, the penny stock rules require that
prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination
that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written acknowledgment of the receipt
of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability
statement. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for a stock that
becomes subject to the penny stock rules. Holders of shares of our common stock may have difficulty selling those shares because our common
stock will probably be subject to the penny stock rules. 

16 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 

The following discussion and analysis of financial
condition and results of operations is based upon, and should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and related
notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. 

Forward Looking Statements 

Certain information contained in this MD A
includes forward-looking statements. Statements which are not historical reflect our current expectations and projections
about our future results, performance, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations, prospects and opportunities and are based
upon information currently available to us and our management and their interpretation of what is believed to be significant factors affecting
our existing and proposed business, including many assumptions regarding future events. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terminology such as may, will should, expect, intend, 
 plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, potential, 
 continue, or similar terms, variations of such terms or the negative of such terms. These statements are only predictions
and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors. Although forward- looking statements, and any assumptions upon
which they are based, are made in good faith, and reflect our current judgment, actual results could differ materially from those anticipated
in such statements. Actual results, performance, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations, prospects and opportunities
could differ materially and perhaps substantially from those expressed in, or implied by, these forward- looking statements as a result
of various risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those risks described in detail in the section of this Annual Report on Form
10-K entitled Risk Factors as well as elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

In light of these risks and uncertainties, and
especially given the nature of our existing and proposed business, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained
in this section and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K will in fact occur. Potential investors should not place undue reliance
on any forward- looking statements. Except as expressly required by the federal securities laws, there is no undertaking to publicly update
or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason. 

OVERVIEW 

What you eat before bed matters. 

In solving consumers nighttime snacking
problem, Nightfood is pioneering the category of sleep-friendly nighttime snacking. 

Recent Sleep Foundation research indicates that
93 of Americans snack at night at least once a week, and that the average American adult snacks 3.9 times per week. That represents over
1 billion nighttime snack occasions weekly. The most popular choices are ice cream, cookies, chips, and candy. Recent research confirms
such snacks, in addition to being generally unhealthy, can impair sleep, partly due to excess fat and sugar consumed before bed. 

Nightfood s sleep-friendly snacks are formulated
by sleep and nutrition experts to contain less of those sleep-disruptive ingredients, along with a focus on ingredients and nutrients
that research suggests can support nighttime relaxation and better sleep quality. 

Nightfood plans to pioneer the sleep-friendly
nighttime snack category through direct-to-consumer commerce and distribution of our snacks in hotels across the United States. Management
believes hotels have an obligation to help guests achieve better sleep, and one important way to do that is through the snacks hotels
curate for sale in their grab-and-go lobby shops. 

Management s vision is for Nightfood snacks
to be sold by every hotel that sells snacks for their guests. We believe national hotel distribution can lead to profitability, consumer
adoption of the nighttime snack category, and a strategically defensible position from which category leadership can be maintained. 

Our snack products are manufactured under contract
at third-party manufacturing facilities. We then sell these snacks direct-to-consumer and also sell wholesale to retailers and distributors. 

17 

DEVELOPMENT PLANS 

The Company plans to leverage direct-to-consumer sales and distribution
in the lobby shops of the world s leading hotel brands to grow revenue, grow brand awareness, and establish the sleep-friendly snack
category we are pioneering. We plan to expand into mainstream retail, including supermarket distribution, when we have built a strong
foundation of revenue and consumer awareness. 

Our ice cream pints are available for purchase
in hundreds of hotel locations across the United States, including select locations of many of the largest hotel chains in the world.
This includes chains such as Holiday Inn, Holiday Inn Express, Crowne Plaza, Homewood Suites, Hampton Inn, Embassy Suites, Hilton Garden
Inn, Comfort Inn, Everhome Suites, Sonesta Simply Suites, Sonesta ES Suites, Sonesta Select, Hyatt House, Springhill Suites, Townplace
Suites, Residence Inn, Courtyard by Marriott, and many more. 

While Nightfood may currently only be available
in just one or a few locations of certain of these chains, we feel the breadth of our distribution reflects the appeal of our snack products
across many segments of the hospitality industry. From select-service to full-service, from short-term to extended stay, we believe every
hotel that sells snacks is a potential distribution point for Nightfood. 

In September, 2022, we announced that independent industry sales data
from Impulsify reflected our ice cream pints were selling well relative to more popular brands such as Haagen Dazs and Ben Jerry s.
In the subset of 30 hotels that sold only Nightfood and Haagen Dazs for which Impulsify sales scan data was available, across the six
month period from July through December of 2022, Impulsify reports showed Nightfood captured approximately 38 of the total pint sales
volume when head-to-head with Haagen Dazs, despite Nightfood carrying a slightly higher average selling price. We believe this sales data
is a positive sign that our products can compete effectively in the hotel environment. 

Our plans call for the introduction of Nightfood
sleep-friendly versions of many of the most popular nighttime snack formats. In addition to ice cream pints, this includes single-serve
ice cream novelties, cookies, chips, candy, and nutrition bars. We believe having snacks in multiple formats will benefit the Company
through increased trial, revenue, brand awareness, and category development. 

In August, 2022, the first commercial production
run of Nightfood Prime-Time Chocolate Chip cookies was completed. We have developed two additional flavors (Date Night Cherry Oat and
Snoozerdoodle), which have not yet been commercially produced. 

During July and August of 2023, we initiated a
direct-to-hotel sales initiative of 25 gram Nightfood Prime-Time Chocolate Chip cookies as a hotel guest check-in amenity. The initiative
met with some success but was not self-sustaining and has been paused. We believe a significant opportunity can exist in this space. Once
transitioned to the new manufacturing facility, we will revisit this opportunity. At the same time, we re exploring opportunities
to introduce Nightfood as an amenity at the hotel-brand level with some hotel chains. There are inherent distribution challenges with
such initiatives that would need to be overcome, but we believe any hotel chain that is sufficiently motivated to provide sleep-friendly
snacks for their guests could do so in partnership with our brand. 

Management believes widespread distribution in
the world s largest and most trusted hotel chains could result in significant increases in gross sales and net revenue and lead
to profitability. Doing business in the hotel vertical effectively eliminates three of the major line items that reduce and delay profitability
for new food and beverage products in the supermarket vertical. These are slotting fees, advertising, and pricing promotions. 

In addition to the revenue and contribution margin from the sales of
the product in the hotel environment, Management believes hotel distribution can result in important secondary benefits. Consumers encountering
and purchasing Nightfood snacks in a trusted and respected hotel outlet could be more likely to seek out Nightfood products online and
in local supermarkets than consumers that have not had prior exposure to the brand. 

In addition, it is believed that securing widespread
hotel distribution would serve as a validation of the importance of sleep-friendly nutrition and the entire night snack category. We believe
consumers will rightfully interpret the diligence of these leading hotel brands in providing sleep-friendly nutrition for their guests
to be a validation of the core point of view of the Nightfood brand which is What you eat before bed matters. 

As the brand pioneering the sleep-friendly snack
category, we believe that anything which advances the overall adoption of the category by consumers is, by extension, beneficial to the
Nightfood brand. 

18 

INFLATION 

Inflation can be expected to have an impact on
our operating costs. Similar to many other industries, we have recently seen increases in the cost of certain ingredients and packaging
materials. Such increases will either result in lower gross margins or necessitate an increase in our wholesale pricing. A prolonged period
of inflation could cause a general economic downturn and negatively impact our results. 

SEASONALITY 

A certain amount of seasonality is expected related
to distribution in hotels. U.S. hotel occupancy has a history of peaking in June and July, with occupancy rates approximately 10 above
the average, it is possible that we will experience an increase in hotel sales related to that occupancy peak. 

As an early-stage and growing brand, with a product
mix that is expected to include a variety of snacks such as ice cream, cookies, chips, candy, and more, the full impact of seasonality
on our business might not be fully understood for several additional annual cycles. 

CORONAVIRUS (COVID-19) 

The outbreak of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19),
including the measures to reduce its spread, and the impact on the economy, has still not been fully predicted. 

We have experienced minimal issues with supply
chain and logistics, except that there have been recent and significant increases in costs relating to freight and packaging. Order processing
function has been normal to date, and our manufacturers have assured us that their operations are business as usual as of
the time of this filing. 

It is possible that the impact of the pandemic
could make it more difficult in the future for the Company to access required growth capital, possibly rendering us unable to meet certain
debts and expenses. 

It is impossible to know what the future holds
with regard to the virus, both for our company and in the broader sense. There are many uncertainties regarding the current coronavirus
pandemic, and the Company is closely monitoring the impact of the pandemic on all aspects of its business, including how it will impact
its customers, vendors, and business partners. It is difficult to know if the pandemic has materially impacted the results of operations,
and we are unable to predict the impact that COVID-19 will have on our financial position and operating results due to numerous uncertainties.
The Company expects to continue to assess the evolving impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and intends to make adjustments accordingly, if
necessary. 

19 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related
to uncollectible receivables, inventory valuation, deferred compensation, fair valve of derivative liabilities and contingencies. We base
our estimates on historical performance and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. These
estimates allow us to make judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. 

We believe the following accounting policies are
our critical accounting policies because they are important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations, and
they require critical management judgments and estimates about matters that may be uncertain. If actual results or events differ materially
from those contemplated by us in making these estimates, our reported financial condition and results of operations for future periods
could be materially affected. 

Revenue Recognition 
 
 The Company generates its revenue by selling its nighttime snack products wholesale and direct to consumer. 

All sources of revenue are recorded pursuant to FASB Topic 606 Revenue Recognition, to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This includes a five-step framework that requires an entity to: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer, (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (iii) determine the transaction price, (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (v) recognize revenue when the entity satisfies a performance obligation. In addition, this revenue generation requires disclosure of the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. 

For accounts within the supermarket space, the Company frequently offers sales discounts and promotions to customers through various programs such as rebates, temporary price reductions, product coupons, and other trade activities. This is standard practice for consumer products in the competitive and price-sensitive supermarket space. The Company records these activities as a reduction of gross sales as part of the calculation to arrive at reported net revenue. 

The Company incurs costs associated with product distribution, such as freight and handling costs. The Company has elected to treat these costs as fulfillment activities and recognizes these costs at the same time that it recognizes the underlying product revenue. As this policy election is in line with the Company s previous accounting practices, the treatment of shipping and handling activities under FASB Topic 606 did not have any impact on the Company s results of operations, financial condition and/or financial statement disclosures. 

The adoption of ASC 606 did not result in a change to the accounting for any of the Company s revenue streams that are within the scope of the amendments. The Company s services that fall within the scope of ASC 606 are recognized as revenue as the Company satisfies its obligation to the customer. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2023 Compared to
Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2022 

Revenue 

During the year ended June 30, 2023, we had Net
Revenues of 133,456 on Gross Sales of 182,259 compared to the year ended June 30, 2022 when we had Net Revenues of 443,538 on Gross
Sales of 614,125. Gross Sales decreased by 70.4 and Net Revenue decreased by 70 year over year, as a result of our ice cream being
rotated out of distribution in Walmart locations and other supermarkets, as we simultaneously pivoted to the higher-margin hospitality
vertical where we believe our brand and unique sleep-friendly positioning can deliver a long-term competitive advantage. 

Net Revenues are reported as Gross Sales less
Slotting Fees (described below) and other contra-revenue accounts such as those related to manufacturers coupons, in-store specials (such
as 2 pints for 8), consumer rebate programs, and more. 

Slotting fees are typically one-time fees customarily
charged to brands by supermarkets and distributors to add a new product line into their product assortment. For the year ended June 30,
2023, no Gross Sales were cancelled out due to slotting arrangements with retailers and distributors compared to 22,500 for the year
ended June 30, 2022. 

In situations where the Company agrees to pay
slotting and promotional fees to accounts (such as to supermarkets and distributors), the Gross Sales to those customers are reduced on
the income statement by these amounts (along with other items, such as early payment discounts), dollar for dollar, to arrive at a Net
Revenue number. So, when these customers order product to put on their shelves and sell to consumers, that revenue does not get booked
even though the product is moving through the supply chain. 

20 

These dollar for dollar reductions continue, on
a customer-by-customer basis, for any and all sales to each slotting account until the Gross Sales to these accounts exceed the total
of these commitments, at which time the remaining Gross Sales amounts are reported as Net Revenue. 

These slotting fees and other promotional expenses
do not appear on the income statement as an expense. Rather, they are applied against Gross Sales, resulting in Net Revenue, as shown
below. The netting of Gross Sales against slotting and sales discounts, as described and shown below, results in the Net Revenue number
at the top of the income statement. This is not a reflection of the amount of product sold by the Company and shipped to customers, but
rather a function of the way certain sales are accounted for when those sales are made to customers who are charging slotting fees. With
a focus on the hospitality vertical, we expect slotting expenses and other revenue reductions to decrease significantly as a percentage
of Gross Sales. 

The following tables summarize Gross Sales and
Net Revenue for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Year Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Gross sales 
 182,856 
 614,125 
 
 Less: 

Slotting fees 
 0 
 (22,500 
 
 Sales discounts and other reductions 
 (49,374 
 (148,087 
 
 Net Revenues 
 133,482 
 443,538 

Operating Expenses 

Our operating expenses for the year ended June
30, 2023 were 1,943,654, compared to 2,372,873 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease in operating expenses is due largely to
decreases in Cost of product sold to 279,277 for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to 486,163, for the year ended June 30, 2022
along with a decrease in advertising and promotional expenses to 166,656 for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to 596,331, for
the year ended June 30, 2022 The decrease in cost of product sold is due to a decrease in pints sold which is offset to some extent by
an increase in per-unit freight costs as a proportion of gross sales due to increases in fuel prices. The decrease relating to Advertising
and Promotional expenses is a result of reduced supermarket and Walmart distribution. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased to 542,803
for the year ending June 30, 2023 compared to 492,713 for the year ending June 30, 2022. This includes items such as web hosting, web
marketing services, freight, warehousing, shipping, product liability insurance, research development of new products. The increase
was largely related to an increase in freight and shipping charges period over period Professional fees increased from 797,666 for the
year ending June 30, 2022, to 954,918 for the year ending June 30, 2023. This includes legal fees, marketing consulting, accounting and
auditor fees, and other paid consultants. The increase is largely related to financing activities during the year ending June 30, 2023
and the fees that tend to accompany such transactions, a significant portion of which do not involve cash expenditures, but are tied to
the valuation of shares and warrants. 

We recorded a loss on operations in each of the years ended June 30,
2023 and 2022 of 1,810,198 and 1,929,335, respectively. 

21 

Other expenses recorded in the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and
2022 totaled 3,939,524 and 593,942 respectively. During the year ended June 30, 2023 we recorded amortization of debt discount of 1,265,893,
interest expenses on debt of 170,505, financing costs of 2,141,626 and a loss on extinguishment of certain convertible notes of 361,500.
During the year ended June 30, 2022, we recorded amortization of debt discount of 275,423, interest expenses on debt of 48,309 and financing
costs of 270,210. 

A significant portion of these amounts recorded in both years stems
from the accounting treatment applied to financing activities. 

Net Loss 

For the year ended June 30, 2023, we had a net
loss of 5,749,722, compared to the year ended June 30, 2022 when we had a net loss of 2,523,277. A significant portion of the losses
recorded in both years stems from the accounting treatment applied to financing activities, and the majority of the increase in net loss
is related to amortization of debt discount and interest expenses. 

Deemed Dividend 

The Company
has never declared dividends, however as set out below, during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, upon issuance of a total
of 335 and 4,665 shares of B Preferred, respectively, the Company recorded a deemed dividend as a result of beneficial
conversion feature associated with the transaction. 

In connection
with certain conversion terms provided for in the designation of the B Preferred, pursuant to which each share of B Preferred is convertible
into 5,000 shares of common stock and 5,000 warrants, the Company recognized a beneficial conversion feature upon
the conclusion of the transaction in the amount of 4,431,387 through June 30, 2022. The beneficial conversion feature was
treated as a deemed dividend, and fully amortized on the transaction date due to the fact that the issuance of the B Preferred was classified
as equity. 

During the
year ended June 30, 2023 the Company recorded an additional deemed dividend of 1,136,946 in relation to the B Preferred stock and downward
price adjustments to certain warrants. 

Customers 

Our customers consist primarily of distributors
that sell snack product to hotels and supermarkets. In FY 2023, we had one customer that accounted for 42 of our Gross Sales. One other
customer accounted for 29 and two others each accounted for between 7 and 10 . In FY 2022, we had one customer that accounted for over
20 of our Gross Sales. Two other customers each accounted for 16 and four others each accounted for between 8.5 and 9.9 . 

Vendors 

During the year ended June 30, 2023 three vendors
accounted for approximately 72 of our costs of goods sold. In the year ended June 30, 2022, four vendors accounted for 92 of our
costs of goods sold, one of which individually accounted for 48 of all purchases. 

22 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

As of June 30, 2023, we had cash on hand of 44,187, accounts receivable
of 33,396, inventory value of 276,202 and other current assets of 92,726. As of June 30, 2022, we had cash on hand of 280,877, accounts
receivable of 93,674, inventory value of 331,531 and other current assets of 137,797. The decrease in cash is the result of us funding
ongoing operations. The decrease in accounts receivable is due to a decrease in overall sales activity. 

Since June 30, 2023, we raised 103,700 in net
proceeds from the sale of promissory notes and warrants to two institutional investors. 

As of June 30, 2023, we had accounts payable of 604,516 compared to
 234,152 on June 30, 2022.The increase to accounts payable is a result of a reduction to available cash to settle expenses as they come
due. Accounts payable as of June 30, 2023 includes 120,883 of aged balances incurred in prior years that we believe will be written off
during fiscal 2024. 

Since our inception, we have sustained operating losses. During the
year ended June 30, 2023, we incurred a net loss of 5,749,722 and had total stockholders deficit of 1,751,600. 

The Company has limited available cash resources
and we do not believe our cash on hand will be sufficient to fund our operations and growth throughout Fiscal 2024 or adequate to satisfy
our immediate or ongoing working capital needs. The Company is continuing to raise capital through the sale of its securities, including
common stock, preferred stock, and debt (including convertible debt) to finance the Company s operations, of which it can give no
assurance of success. In addition, we will receive the proceeds from our outstanding warrants as, if and when such warrants are exercised
for cash. 

If we are unable to raise cash through the sale
of our securities, we may be required to severely restrict or cease our operations. 

Even if the Company is successful in raising additional
funds, the Company cannot give any assurance that it will, in the future, be able to achieve a level of profitability from the sale of
its products to sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on recoverability
and reclassification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

From our inception in January 2010 through June
30, 2023, we have generated an accumulated deficit of approximately 34,988,126. This accumulated deficit is not debt, and there is no
obligation or liability associated with it. An accumulated deficit reflects a negative balance of retained earnings and an accumulation
of historical losses over time, related to both operations and financing activities. It is not unusual for growing companies to have significant
accumulated deficit, even after turning profitable. Many large, fast growing, and successful companies have reported accumulated deficits
in recent years, such as Warby Parker, The Honest Company, Beyond Meat, Roblox, Robinhood, Sweetgreen, Oatly, Rivian, Celsius Holdings,
Chobani, and Tesla. In our case, like many of these others, an accumulated deficit is a function of losses sustained over time, along
with the costs associated with raising operating capital. 

23 

Assuming we raise additional funds and continue
operations, it is expected we may incur additional operating losses during the course of Fiscal 2024 and possibly thereafter. We plan
to continue to pay or satisfy existing obligation and commitments and finance our operations, as we have in the past, primarily through
the sale of our securities and other forms of external financing until such time that we are able to generate sufficient funds from the
sale of our products to finance our operations, of which we can give no assurance. 

We anticipate deriving additional revenue from
product sales and new distribution arrangements in Fiscal 2024, but we cannot at this time quantify the amount. 

CASH FLOWS 

During the year ended June 30, 2023, net cash
used in operating activities totaled 1,173,157, compared to 2,070,030 for the year ended June 30, 2022. This decrease is due largely
to a decrease in sales and related operating expenses. 

During each of the fiscal years ended June 30,
2023 and 2022, there was net cash provided by investing activities of 0. 

During the year ended June 30, 2023, net cash
aggregating 936,467 was provided by financing activities, which represents net proceeds of 1,805,800 from the issuance of convertible
debt, an offset of 1,375,128 related to the repayment of convertible debt from the year ended June 30, 2022, 229,729 in net proceeds
from the sale of Units related to our Regulation A+ offering, and 276,066 from the proceeds of warrants exercised for cash. During the
year ended June 30, 2022, net cash aggregating 1,309,008 was provided by financing activities, which represents net proceeds of 984,808
from the issuance of convertible debt, 308,200 from the sale of Series B Preferred Shares, and 16,000 from the proceeds of warrants
exercised. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK 

Not applicable. 

24 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The financial statements required by Item 8 are presented in the following
order: 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Gries - PCAOB ID: F-3 Consolidated Balance Sheets as June 30, 2023 and 2022 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations for years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 

F- 1 

Nightfood Holdings, Inc. 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

F- 2 

Certified Public Accountants 501 S. Cherry Street, Suite 1100 80246 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 
Nightfood Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Nightfood Holdings, Inc. (the Company) as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, and the related statement of operations, stockholders 
deficit and cash flows for the period then ended and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our
opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023
and June 30, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the period then ended in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud and performing procedures that respond to
those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion 

. 

Going Concern Uncertainty 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that
the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has incurred
losses since inception of 34,988,126 and a net loss of 5,749,722. These factors create an uncertainty as to the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in note 3. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Emphasis of Matters-Risks and Uncertainties 

The Company is not able to predict the
ultimate impact that COVID -19 will have on its business. However, if the current economic conditions continue, the pandemic could
have an adverse impact on the economies and financial markets of many countries, including the geographical area in which the
Company plans to operate. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

Denver, Colorado 
 October 13, 2023 
 PCAOB ID 6778 

blaze@griesandassociates.com 

400 South Colorado Blvd, Suite 870, Denver, Colorado
 80246 
 (O)720-464-2875 (M)773-255-5631 (F)720-222-5846 

F- 3 

Nightfood Holdings, Inc. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable (net of allowance of and , respectively) 

Inventory 

Other current asset 

Total current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities - related party 
 
 -

Convertible notes payable - net of discounts 

Total current liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 -
 
 -

Stockholders equity (deficit): 

Series A Stock, par value, shares authorized issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively 

Series B Stock, par value, shares authorized and issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized and issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

Nightfood Holdings,
Inc. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended 
 For the Year Ended 

June 30, 2023 
 June 30, 2022 

Revenues, net of slotting and promotion 

Operating expenses 

Cost of product sold 

Advertising and promotional 

Selling, general and administrative 

Professional fees 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other (income) and expenses 

Interest expense Amortization of debt discount 

Interest expense debt 

Interest expense financing cost 

Loss (Gain) on debt extinguishment 
 
 -

Total other (income) and expenses 

Provision for income tax 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 

Deemed dividend on Series B Stock 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Basic and diluted net loss per common share

Weighted average shares of capital outstanding basic and diluted

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

Nightfood Holdings,
Inc. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES
IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Years ended June 30,
2023 and 2022 

Common Stock 
 Preferred Stock A 
 Preferred Stock B 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Shares 
 Par 
Value 
 Shares 
 Par 
Value 
 Shares 
 Par 
Value 
 Paid in 
Capital 
 Accumulated 
Deficit 
 Stockholders 
Equity 
 
 Balance, June 30, 2021 

Common stock issued for services 

Common stock from conversion 

-

Preferred B issued from private placement 

-

Preferred B issued - financing cost 

Unissued shares previously allocated for services 

-

Discount on issuance of convertible notes 

Warrants issued as financing cost 

Deemed dividends associated with Preferred B 

-

Deemed dividends associated with warrants related dilutive adjustments 

-

Issuance of warrants 

Exercise of warrants 

Net loss 

Balance, June 30, 2022 

Common stock issued for services 

Units issued under Regulation A Offering 

Common stock from conversion 

-

Common stock issued as financing cost 

Warrants exercise 

Common stock issued under Forbearance and Exchange Agreement 

Warrants exchange to common stock 

-

Common stock issued under notice of conversion 

Issuance of warrants 

Warrants issued associated with Promissory Notes 

Warrants issued as financing cost 

Warrants dilutive adjustment as consulting fees 

Warrants dilutive adjustment as consulting fees 

Deemed dividends associated with warrants related dilutive adjustments 

-

Net loss 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

Nightfood Holdings,
Inc. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operations activities: 

Stock issued for services 

Stock issued for financing cost 

Amortization of debt discount and deferred financing fees 

Warrants issued for services 

Warrants and returnable warrants issued for financing 

Financing cost due to conversion price change 

Consulting due to conversion price change 

Loss on debt extinguishment upon note conversion, net 
 
 -

Non cash expense 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, related parties 
 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Net cash provided by investing activities 
 -
 
 -

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds of loan from related party 

Proceeds from the sale of preferred stock B - net 
 -

Proceeds from the sale of Reg A 

Proceeds from the issuance of debt-net 

Proceeds from exercise warrants 

Repayment of convertible debt 
 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash Paid For: 

Interest 
 
 -

Income taxes 

-

Summary of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Information: 

Debt and warrants discount accounted on convertible notes 

Common stock issued for preferred stock conversion 

Deemed dividend associated with preferred stock B and warrants dilutive adjustment 

Stock issued for conversion of debt 
 
 -

Stock issued for interest payable 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 7 

Nightfood Holdings,
Inc. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

for substantially all depository accounts. The Company from time to time may have amounts on deposit in excess of the insured limits. 

F- 8 

and for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

F- 9 

F- 10 

per share (the B Preferred or B Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference
of and has no voting rights except as to matters pertaining to the rights and privileges of the B Preferred. The exercise price of these warrants can continue to adjust
as the result of subsequent financing events and stock transactions. These adjustments can result in an exercise price that is either
higher, or lower, than the price as of June 30, 2023. 

million. During the year ended June
30, 2023 the Company recorded an additional deemed dividend of approximately million in relation to the B Preferred stock and downward
price adjustments to certain warrants. 

F- 11 

of our Gross Sales. One other customer accounted for and two others each accounted
for between and . In FY 2022, we had one customer that accounted for over of our Gross Sales. Two other customers
each accounted for and four others each accounted for between and 

of our costs of goods sold. In the year ended June 30, 2022, four vendors accounted for of our costs of
goods sold, one of which individually accounted for of all purchases. 

of the outstanding balance.
Three of the others each accounted for between and 14 of the outstanding balance. As of June 30, 2022, the Company had
receivables due from six customers, one of who accounted for over of the outstanding balance. One of the remaining five accounted
for of the outstanding balance and one accounted for of the outstanding balance. 

F- 12 

and cash flow used in operations of and
an accumulated deficit of . 

The Company has limited available cash resources
 and we do not believe our cash on hand will be sufficient to fund our operations and growth throughout Fiscal 2024 or adequate to satisfy
 our immediate or ongoing working capital needs. 
 
 The Company is continuing to seek to raise capital
 through the sales of its common stock, preferred stock and/or convertible notes, as well as potentially the exercise of outstanding warrants,
 to finance the Company s operations, of which it can give no assurance of success. Management has devoted a significant amount of
 time to the raising of capital from additional debt and equity financing. However, the Company s ability to continue as a going
 concern is dependent upon raising additional funds through debt and equity financing and generating revenue. 

Because
the Company has limited sales, no certainty of continuation can be stated. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern
is dependent upon raising additional funds through debt and equity financing and generating revenue. In addition, the Company will receive
the proceeds from its outstanding warrants as, if and when such warrants are exercised for cash. There are no assurances the Company
will receive the necessary funding or generate revenue necessary to fund operations. 

Even
if the Company is successful in raising additional funds, the Company cannot give any assurance that it will, in the future, be able
to achieve a level of profitability from the sale of its products to sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments
to reflect the possible future effects on recoverability and reclassification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities
that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

From
both public statements observed, and conversations conducted between Nightfood Management and current and former executives from certain
global food and beverage conglomerates, it has been affirmed to Management that there is increased strategic interest in the nighttime
nutrition space as a potential high-growth opportunity, partially due to recent declines in consumer sleep quality and increases in at-home
nighttime snacking. 

The
Company has experienced no major issues with supply chain or logistics. Order processing function has been normal to date, and its manufacturers
have assured the Company that their operations are business as usual as of the time of this filing. 

F- 13 

Inventory: Ingredients 

Inventory: Packaging 

Total Inventory 

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or
net realizable value. The Company periodically reviews the value of items in inventory and provides write-downs or write-offs of inventory
based on its assessment of market conditions and the products relative shelf life. Write-downs and write-offs are charged to loss on
inventory write down. 

TOTAL 

Accounts payable 

TOTAL 

F- 14 

in principal amount of Original Issue
Discount Senior Secured Convertible Notes (the Notes for (representing a original issue discount) Purchase Price and (ii) warrants to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock (the
 Warrants in a private placement (the Offering ). Each Note featured an original issue discount, resulting
in net proceeds to the Company of for each of the two Notes. The Notes had a maturity of , an interest
rate of per annum, and were initially convertible at a fixed price of per share, with provisions for conversions at
a fixed price of per share should the closing trading price of our common stock be below per share after June 10,
2022. The conversion price is also subject to further price adjustments in the event of (i) stock splits and dividends, (ii) subsequent
rights offerings, (iii) pro-rata distributions, and (iv) certain fundamental transactions, including but not limited to the sale of the
Company, business combinations, and reorganizations (v) in the event that the Company issues or sells any additional shares of Common
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents at a price per share less than the Exercise Price then in effect or without consideration then the
Exercise Price upon each such issuance shall be reduced to the Dilutive Issuance Price. These Notes, for as long as they are outstanding,
are secured by all assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, senior secured guarantees of the subsidiaries of the Company, and pledges
of the common stock of all the subsidiaries of the Company. The Notes have provisions allowing for repayment at any time at 
of the outstanding principal and interest within the first three months, and of the outstanding principal and interest at any
time thereafter. 

The Warrants were initially exercisable at per
share and, are subject to cashless exercise after six months if the shares underlying the Warrants are not subject to an effective resale
registration statement. The Warrants are also subject to customary adjustments, including price protections. 

In connection with Securities Purchase Agreement,
the Company issued to the Placement Agent (as defined below), an aggregate of Common Stock purchase warrants PA
Warrants ). The PA Warrants are substantially similar to the Warrants. The fair value of the PA Warrants at issuance was estimated
to be based on a risk-free interest rate of , an expected term of years, an expected volatility of 
and a dividend yield. 

Spencer Clarke Holdings LLC Placement
Agent acted as the placement agent, in connection with the sale of the securities pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement.
Pursuant to an engagement agreement entered into by and between the Company and the Placement Agent, the Company agreed to pay the Placement
Agent a cash commission of . Pursuant to the discussion above, the Company also issued an aggregate of PA Warrants
to the Placement Agent. 

The gross proceeds received from the Offering
were approximately . The cash Placement Agent fees of was paid separately. Also, the Company reimbursed the lead
Purchaser for legal fees, which was deducted from the required subscription amount to be paid. 

On or around September 23, 2022, as a result
of certain new financing agreements entered into by the Company, as consideration to the Holders, the Company issued to each Holder a
common stock purchase warrant for the purchase of shares of the Company s common stock (as amended from time
to time, the Returnable Warrants , further the Placement Agent received (Ref below, Mast Hill Loan -
Promissory Notes Issued on September 23, 2022). The warrants are subject to customary adjustments (including price-based anti-dilution
adjustments) and may be exercised on a cashless basis. 

The Company was required to pay to the Purchasers
on December 10, 2022, as extended to December 29, 2022 (as so extended, the Maturity Date all remaining principal and
accrued and unpaid interest on the Maturity Date (the Owed Amount and the failure to so pay the Owed Amount on the Maturity
Date is an event of default. The Owed Amount was not paid by the Company in accordance with the terms of the Notes. Subsequent to December
31, 2022 the Company entered into a forbearance agreement with the Purchasers as set out below. 

F- 15 

The
Purchasers shall not convert the Notes so long as an event of default pursuant to the Forbearance Agreement has not occurred. 

The
Company purchased and retired the Returnable Warrants from the Purchasers, in exchange for the Company issuing to each of the Holders restricted
redeemable shares of the Company s common stock (the Exchange Shares ). 

The
Purchasers agreed not to transfer the Exchange Shares prior to September 24, 2023, subject to certain exceptions, including that the
Company shall have the right to redeem all or any portion of the Exchange Shares from each Purchaser by paying an amount in cash to such
Purchaser equal to per share being redeemed. The Purchaser s sale of the Exchange Shares on or after September 24,
2023, is subject to a leak-out until all of the Exchange Shares are sold. In addition, the Purchaser s sale of any common stock
of the Company owned by them other than the Exchange Shares, shall also be subject to a leak-out during the period ending on the six-month
anniversary of the date of the Forbearance Agreement. 

Each
Purchaser agrees to forbear from exercising its rights against the Company under its respective Note until and unless the occurrence
of any of the following events: (a) the failure of the Company to make a scheduled payment pursuant to the Forbearance Agreement, subject
to a five day right to cure; (b) the failure of the Company to observe, or timely comply with, or perform any other covenant or term
contained in the Forbearance Agreement, subject to a ten day right to cure; (c) the Company or any subsidiary of the Company commences
bankruptcy and/or any insolvency proceedings; or (d) the delivery of any notice of default by Mast Hill Fund, L.P. Mast Hill to the Company with respect to indebtedness owed to Mast Hill by the Company. 

The Company evaluated all of the associated financial
instruments in accordance with ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging. Based on this evaluation, the Company has determined that no provisions
required derivative accounting. 

In accordance with ASC 470- Debt, the Company
first allocated the cash proceeds to the loan and the warrants on a relative fair value basis, secondly, the proceeds were allocated
to the beneficial conversion feature. 

Debt discount associated with new convertible notes 

Conversion price adjusted from to 

-

Amortization of debt discount 

Balance at June 30, 2022 

Cash repayment 

Gain on extinguish of portion of principal 

Amortization of debt discount 

Penalty 

Conversion price change 

Under forbearance Agreement: 

Cash repayment 

Balance at June 30, 2023 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

F- 16 

shares of common stock issued and exchanged for returnable warrants 

Loss on conversion price change in December 31, 2022 

Stock settled debt 

Financing charges due to returnable warrants issued 

Principal increased due to penalty 

Loss on extinguishment 

Amortization expense for the fiscal years ended
June 30, 2023 and 2022, totaled and , respectively. 

As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the unamortized
portion of debt discount was and , respectively. 

Interest expense including penalty for the fiscal
years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, totaled and , respectively. 

During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and
2022, the Company paid and to interest. 

Mast Hill Promissory Notes (MH Notes) 

(a) Promissory
Notes Issued on September 23, 2022 

As a result of the transaction, the Purchasers
triggered their most favored nation clause which resulted in the Company entering into an MFN Amendment Agreement (the
 MFN Agreement with the Purchasers (ref: Convertible Notes Issued on December 10, 2021 above) pursuant to which the Purchasers
exercised their options under the most-favored nation terms contained in their existing transaction documents with the Company. Pursuant
to the MFN Agreement, among other things, (a) the Company issued to each of the Purchasers -year Returnable Warrants
which may only be exercised in the event that the Company were to default on certain debt obligations at an initial Exercise Price per
share of , (b) the events of default set forth in the Notes were amended to include certain of the Events of Default reflected in
the Promissory Note, (c) the conversion price of the Notes was amended so that upon an event of default, the conversion price equaled
 , subject to adjustment, (d) the Purchasers are entitled to deduct from conversions to cover associated fees, and 
shall be added to each prepayment to reimburse the Purchasers for administrative fees and (e) the definition of Exempt Issuance in the
note was modified to remove certain clauses of the definition. 

The Company paid to J.H. Darbie Co., Inc.
 in fees pursuant to the Company s existing agreement with J.H. Darbie Co., Inc., in relation to the transactions
contemplated by the Purchase Agreement plus warrants to purchase shares of common stock at , subject to adjustment.
The Company paid to Spencer Clarke LLC cash fees of plus shares of common stock. 

The proceeds received by the Company from the
Offering, net of the original issue discount, fees and costs including legal fees of and commission fees of were
 . 

On May 2, 2023, a debtholder converted a total
of , in which of principal and of interest payable, in exchange for shares of common
stock. 

F- 17 

(actual
amount of purchase price of plus an original issue discount in the amount of ). In connection with the issuance
of the Promissory Note, the Company issued to the investor warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price
of , as well as returnable warrants, which may only be exercised in the event that the Company were to default on certain debt obligations,
to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of , in each case subject to adjustment. The Promissory Note may
be converted into Company common stock in the event of an event of default under the Promissory Note by the Company. The Company granted
piggy-back registration rights to Mast Hill. 

The Company paid to J.H. Darbie Co., Inc.
 in fees pursuant to the Company s existing agreement with J.H. Darbie Co., Inc., in relation to the transactions
contemplated by the Purchase Agreement plus warrants to purchase shares of common stock at , subject to adjustment.
The Company paid to Spencer Clarke LLC cash fees of plus warrants to purchase shares of common stock at
 , warrants to purchase shares of common stock at , and warrants to purchase shares of common
stock at , in each case subject to adjustment. 

(c) Promissory Notes
Issued on February 28, 2023 

On February 28, 2023, the Company entered into
a Securities Purchase Agreement and issued and sold to Mast Hill, a Promissory Note in the principal amount of (actual amount
of purchase price of plus an original issue discount in the amount of ). In connection with the issuance of the Promissory
Note, the Company issued to the investor warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of , as well
as returnable warrants, which may only be exercised in the event that the Company were to default on certain debt obligations, to purchase
 shares of common stock at an exercise price of , in each case subject to adjustment. The Promissory Note may be converted
into Company common stock in the event of an event of default under the Promissory Note by the Company. The Company granted piggy-back
registration rights to Mast Hill. 

The Company paid to J.H. Darbie Co., Inc.
 in fees pursuant to the Company s existing agreement with J.H. Darbie Co., Inc., in relation to the transactions
contemplated by the Purchase Agreement plus warrants to purchase shares of common stock at , subject to adjustment.
The Company paid to Spencer Clarke LLC warrants to purchase shares of common stock at , warrants to purchase shares
of common stock at , and returanable warrants to purchase shares of common stock at , in each case subject
to adjustment. 

(d) Promissory
Notes Issued on March 24, 2023 

On March 24, 2023, the Company entered into a
Securities Purchase Agreement and issued and sold to Mast Hill, a Promissory Note in the principal amount of (actual amount
of purchase price of plus an original issue discount in the amount of ). In connection with the issuance of the Promissory
Note, the Company issued to the investor warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of , as well
as returnable warrants, which may only be exercised in the event that the Company were to default on certain debt obligations, to purchase
 shares of common stock at an exercise price of , in each case subject to adjustment. The Promissory Note may be converted
into Company common stock in the event of an event of default under the Promissory Note by the Company. The Company granted piggy-back
registration rights to Mast Hill. 

F- 18 

in fees pursuant to the Company s existing agreement with J.H. Darbie Co., Inc., in relation to the transactions
contemplated by the Purchase Agreement plus warrants to purchase shares of common stock at , subject to adjustment.
The Company paid to Spencer Clarke LLC a cash fee of plus warrants to purchase shares of common stock
at , warrants to purchase shares of common stock at , and warrants to purchase shares of
common stock at , in each case subject to adjustment. Such warrants, without any further action by either
party thereto, may be cancelled and extinguished in its entirety if the MH Note is fully repaid and satisfied on or prior to the Maturity
Date, subject further to the terms and conditions of the MH Note. 

(e) Promissory
Notes Issued on April 17, 2023 

On April 17, 2023, the Company entered into a
Securities Purchase Agreement and issued and sold to Mast Hill, a Promissory Note in the principal amount of (actual amount
of purchase price of plus an original issue discount in the amount of ). In connection with the issuance of the Promissory
Note, the Company issued to the investor warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of , as well
as returnable warrants, which may only be exercised in the event that the Company were to default on certain debt obligations, to purchase
 shares of common stock at an exercise price of , in each case subject to adjustment. The Promissory Note may be converted
into Company common stock in the event of an event of default under the Promissory Note by the Company. The Company granted piggy-back
registration rights to Mast Hill. 

The Company paid to J.H. Darbie Co., Inc.
 in fees pursuant to the Company s existing agreement with J.H. Darbie Co., Inc., in relation to the transactions
contemplated by the Purchase Agreement plus warrants to purchase shares of common stock at , subject to adjustment.
The Company paid to Spencer Clarke LLC a cash fee of plus warrants to purchase shares of common stock
at , warrants to shares of common stock at , and returnable warrants to shares of common stock
at , in each case subject to adjustment. 

(f) 
 Promissory Notes Issued
 on June 1, 2023 

On
June 1, 2023 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement and issued and sold to Mast Hill, a Promissory Note in the principal
amount of (actual amount of purchase price of plus an original issue discount in the amount of ).
 Also pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, in connection with the issuance of the Note: (a) Sean
Folkson, the Company s Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to a Pledge Agreement dated the Effective Date
(the Pledge Agreement ), pledged to Mast Hill, and granted to Mast Hill a security interest in, all common stock and common
stock equivalents of the Company owned by Mr. Folkson; (b) the Company, Nightfood Inc. and MJ Munchies, Inc., each wholly-owned subsidiaries
of the Company (collectively, the Subsidiaries and with the Company, the Debtors entered into a Security
Agreement dated the Effective Date (the Security Agreement ), pursuant to which each of the Debtors granted Mast Hill a
perfected security interest in all of their property to secure the prompt payments, performance and discharge in full of all of the Debtors 
obligations under the Note and the other transaction documents entered into in connection with the Purchase Agreement and the Note (the
 Transaction Documents (c) The Subsidiaries entered into a Subsidiary Guarantee dated the Effective Date (the Guarantee ),
pursuant to which the Subsidiaries unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed to Mast Hill the prompt and complete payment and performance
by the Company and the Subsidiaries when due, of the obligations under the Transaction Documents. 

The Company paid to (a) J.H. Darbie Co.,
Inc. warrants at an exercise price of per share pursuant to the Company s existing agreement with J.H. Darbie
 Co., Inc., in relation to the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement. The Company paid to (b) Spencer Clarke LLC 1,111,110
warrants at an exercise rice of , in each case subject to adjustment. 

The maturity date of the MH Notes are the 12-month
anniversary of the Issuance Date, and are the date upon which the principal amount, the OID, as well as any accrued and unpaid interest
and other fees, shall be due and payable. 

F- 19 

(actual amount of purchase price of plus an original issue discount in the amount of ).
In connection with the issuance of the Promissory Note, the Company issued to the investor warrants to purchase shares of common
stock at an exercise price of and shares of Common Stock as commitment shares, of which shall be cancelled
and returned to the Company s treasury upon repayment of the Note on, or prior to, the date that is 180 calendar days after the
date of the Agreement; and (b) granted piggy-back registration rights to Fourth Man. 

The Company paid to J.H. Darbie Co., Inc.
 in fees pursuant to the Company s existing agreement with J.H. Darbie Co., Inc., in relation to the transactions contemplated
by the Purchase Agreement plus warrants to purchase shares of common stock at , subject to adjustment. The Company
issued Spencer Clarke LLC warrants to purchase shares of common stock at , in each case subject to adjustment. 

The maturity date of
the Note is the 12-month anniversary of the Effective Date, and is the date upon which the principal amount, the OID, as well as any
accrued and unpaid interest and other fees, shall be due and payable. 

The Company evaluated all of the associated financial
instruments in accordance with ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging. Based on this evaluation, the Company has determined that no provisions
required derivative accounting. 

In accordance with ASC 470- Debt, the proceeds
of issuance is first allocated among the convertible instrument and the other detachable instruments based on their relative fair values. 

Principal converted to common stock 

Debt discount associated with Promissory notes 

Amortization of debt discount 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

Amortization expense for the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2023 and 2022, totaled and , respectively. 

As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the unamortized
portion of debt discount was and , respectively. 

Interest expense for the fiscal year ended June
30, 2023 and 2022, totaled and , respectively. 

As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the interest
payable was and , respectively. 

As a result of dilutive issuances during the
period the exercise price of all of the aforementioned convertible notes has been reset subsequent to the period to . In addition,
certain warrants issued to the noteholders, placement agent and J.H. Darbie have been repriced in accordance with their respective terms
and conditions. 

F- 20 

shares of par value per share Common Stock. Holders of Common Stock are each entitled to cast one vote
for each Share held of record on all matters presented to shareholders. Cumulative voting is not allowed; hence, the holders of a majority
of the outstanding Common Stock can elect all directors, subject to the rights of the holder of Series A Stock described below. Holders
of Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefore
and, in the event of liquidation, to share pro-rata in any distribution of the Company s assets after payment of liabilities. The
Board of Directors is not obligated to declare a dividend and it is not anticipated that dividends will be paid unless and until the
Company is profitable. Holders of Common Stock do not have pre-emptive rights to subscribe to additional shares if issued by the Company.
There are no conversion, redemption, sinking fund or similar provisions regarding the Common Stock. All of the outstanding Shares of
Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable and all of the Shares of Common Stock offered thereby will be, upon issuance, fully paid
and non-assessable. Holders of Shares of Common Stock will have full rights to vote on all matters brought before shareholders for their
approval, subject to preferential rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock. Holders of the Common Stock will be entitled to
receive dividends, if and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of funds legally available, and share pro-rata in any distributions
to holders of Common Stock upon liquidation. The holders of Common Stock will have no conversion, pre-emptive or other subscription rights.
Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, assets, after the payment of debts and liabilities and any liquidation
preferences of, and unpaid dividends on, any class of preferred stock then outstanding, will be distributed pro-rata to the holders of
the common stock. The holders of the common stock have no right to require the Company to redeem or purchase their shares. Holders of
shares of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights, which means that the holders of more than of the outstanding shares,
voting for the election of directors, can elect all of the directors to be elected, if they so choose, and, in that event, the holders
of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any of our directors. 

On October 24, 2022, 

The
Company had and shares of its par value common stock issued and outstanding as
of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 respectively. 

The
Company had and shares of its B Preferred issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022
respectively. 

During the Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2023: 

The
Company issued an aggregate of shares of its common stock for services valued at . 

The
Company issued shares of its common stock as financing cost valued at . 

The
Company issued an aggregate of shares of its common stock for cashless exercise of original issued stock
purchase warrants. 

The Company sold units at per unit, consisting with shares of common stock under its Regulation A+ Offering. The Company received net proceeds of . 

The
Company issued shares of its common stock in exchange for the return of returnable warrants. 

F- 21 

shares of its common stock in exchange for the return of stock purchase warrants. Holders of the B Preferred converted shares of Series B Preferred Stock into shares of its common stock. The Company issued an aggregate of shares of its common stock for cash exercise of original issued stock purchase warrants. The Company received net proceeds of . The Company issued shares of common stock as consideration for convertible debt in the principal amount of and in the accrued interest payable of , with a fair value of . 

During the
 Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2022: 

The Company issued shares of common stock for services with a fair value of . The Company issued shares of common stock from the exercise of warrants with a fair value of The Company issued as the result of converting Preferred Class B 

Preferred Stock 

Series A Preferred Stock 

The Company is authorized to issue shares
of par value per share Preferred Stock. 

The Company had and shares
of the Series A Stock issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023, and June 30, 2022, respectively. 

Series B Preferred Stock 

During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and
2022, the Company sold and shares of its B Preferred for gross cash proceeds of and , respectively. These
proceeds were used for operating capital. The B Preferred meets the criteria for equity classification and is accounted for as equity
transactions. Specifically, among other factors, this qualifies as equity because redemption is not invoked at the option of the holder
and the B Preferred does not have to be redeemed on a specified date. 

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, holders
of the B Preferred Stock converted shares of B Preferred Stock into shares of its common stock. During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, holders of the B Preferred Stock converted shares of B Preferred Stock into shares
of its common stock. 

F- 22 

and shares
of B Preferred, respectively, the Company recorded a deemed dividend as a result of beneficial conversion feature associated with the
transaction. 

In connection with certain conversion terms provided
for in the designation of the B Preferred, pursuant to which each share of B Preferred is convertible into shares of common
stock and warrants, the Company recognized a beneficial conversion feature upon the conclusion of the transaction in the
amount of . The beneficial conversion feature was treated as a deemed dividend, and fully amortized on the transaction
date due to the fact that the issuance of the B Preferred was classified as equity. During the year
ended June 30, 2023 the Company recorded an additional deemed dividend of , fully amortized on the transaction dates, in relation
to the B Preferred stock and downward price adjustments to certain warrants. 

shares of B Preferred into shares of its common stock,
along with warrants issued to those holders with an adjusted exercise price of as of June 30, 2023 per share June 30, 2022). Said warrants are subject to further exercise price adjustments resulting from
certain financing activities and equity transactions which could increase or decrease the exercise price in in the future. 

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, warrants
were issued to the holder of outstanding convertible notes with an initial exercise price of per share, and warrants
issued to the placement agent with an initial exercise price of per share. The Company valued these warrants using the Black
Scholes model utilizing a volatility and a risk-free rate of . In addition, warrants issued to the
placement agent with an initial exercise price of per share and warrants issued to the placement agent with an
initial exercise price of per share. The Company valued these warrants using the Black Scholes model utilizing a 
volatility and a risk-free rate of . 

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, the
Company entered into a warrant agreement with one of the Company s Directors issuing warrants at a strike price
of having a term of . The Company valued these warrants using the Black Scholes model utilizing a 
volatility and a risk-free rate of . 

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, the
Company entered into an Agreement For Shareholder Lock-Up And Acquisition of Warrants (the Lock-Up Agreement ), with Mr.
Folkson, issuing warrants at a strike price of having a term of . The Company valued these warrants using
the Black Scholes model utilizing a volatility and a risk-free rate of . 

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, holders
of the Company s B Preferred converted shares of B Preferred into 6,550,00 shares of its common stock,
along with warrants issued to those holders with an adjusted exercise price of 0.13796 as of June 30, 2023.
Said warrants are subject to further exercise price adjustments resulting from certain financing activities and equity transactions which
could increase or decrease the exercise price in in the future. 

F- 23 

warrants to the holder of outstanding promissory notes, returnable warrants
(which warrants are cancelable in full should the notes be repaid in full on or before maturity), placement agent
warrants, returnable placement agent warrants (which warrants are cancelable in full should the notes be repaid in
full on or before maturity) and warrants to JH Darbie. The warrants were issued at initial exercise prices between
 and per share and valued on issuance dates with the Black Scholes model utilizing a volatility from 
and and a risk-free rate from and . 

During the fiscal year ended Juen 30, 2023, the
Company issued an aggregate of shares of its common stock for the cashless exercise of original
issued stock purchase warrants. 

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the
Company entered into a warrant agreement with one of the Company s Directors for the issuance of warrants at
a strike price of having a term of . The Company valued these warrants using the Black Scholes model utilizing
a volatility and a risk-free rate of . 

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the
Company entered into an Agreement For Shareholder Lock-Up And Acquisition of Warrants (the Lock-Up Agreement ), with Mr.
Folkson, issuing warrants at a strike price of having a term of . The Company valued these warrants using
the Black Scholes model utilizing a volatility and a risk-free rate of . 

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the
Company issued an aggregate of shares of its common stock for cash exercise of original issued stock
purchase warrants. The Company received net proceeds of . In addition, the Company issued an aggregate of replacement
warrants to investors and placement agents in conjunction with the cash exercise of warrants at , resulting in gross proceeds
to the Company of . The warrants were issued at initial exercise prices between and per share and valued on
issuance dates with the Black Scholes model utilizing a volatility from and and a risk-free rate from 
and . 

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Company issued to retainer warrants under Amendment and Addendum to Letter
of Engagement agreement at a strike price of . The warrants included a provision for cashless exercise and carried a years term.
The Company valued these warrants using the Black Scholes model utilizing a volatility and a risk-free rate of . The Company
recorded the retainer warrants into consulting expenses. 

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the
Warrant Exchange Agreement, among other things, SC exchanged an aggregate of of its existing warrants in the Company issued
to it in 2021, originally with exercise prices ranging from to , which had, as per the terms of the original warrants, adjusted
to exercise prices of as of calculations completed in February 2023 for the Company s 10Q filing for the fiscal quarter
ended December 31, 2022, for a like amount of new warrants to purchase Company common stock at a price per share capped at (the
 New Warrants ). 

F- 24 

The aggregate intrinsic value of the warrants as of June 30, 2022 was . 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Returnable Warrants 

A cumulative total of Returnable
Warrants issued in conjunction with a financing agreement dated as of September 23, 2022, and a MFN agreement entered into
concurrently on (ref: Note 8 above) may only be exercised in the event that the Company were to default
on certain debt obligations. The Returnable Warrants have an initial exercise price of per share, subject to customary adjustments
(including price-based anti-dilution adjustments) and may be exercised at any time after an Event of Default until the five-year anniversary
of such date. The Returnable Warrants include a cashless exercise provision as set forth therein. The exercise of the Returnable Warrants
are subject to a beneficial ownership limitation of of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after
giving effect to such exercise. In the event of the Company s failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of
the Returnable Warrants, the Company would be obligated to pay a Buy-In amount pursuant to the terms of the Returnable
Warrants. On December 29, 2022, upon an event of default as defined under the MFN agreement, returnable warrants
issued to each of the Purchasers under the MFN Agreement, and returnable warrants issued to the Placement Agent,
were triggered and valued using the Black Scholes model with a volatility of and a risk-free rate of resulting
in financing expenses recorded as additional financing costs in the cumulative amount of . In February, the Company
issued shares of its common stock in exchange for the return of returnable warrants. The warrants
issued to the Placement Agent remained available for exercise. 

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the
Company issued accumulative returnable warrants to the Purchasers of certain convertible notes issued after September
2022, and accumulative returnable warrants to the Placement Agent. Any expense related to such warrants will be recorded
in a future reporting period and only in the event the Company defaults on certain debt obligations. These returnable warrants initially
valued using the Black Scholes model with a volatility of between and and a risk-free rate of between 
and 3,91 resulting in contingent expenses to be recorded as additional financing costs in the cumulative amount of , which
amount will be recorded in a future reporting period, only in the event the Company defaults on certain debt obligations. 

F- 25 

warrants
with an exercise price of per share, of which all have vested. 

CEO
Sean Folkson has a twelve-month consulting agreement which went into effect on January 1, 2022, and continues on a monthly basis, which
will reward him with bonuses earned of warrants at a strike price of when the Company records its first quarter with
revenues over , As of June 30,
2023, those conditions were not met and therefore nothing was accrued related to this arrangement. 

Litigation:
From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise, in the ordinary course of business.
However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time
that may harm our business. The Company is not aware of any such legal proceedings that we believe will have, individually or in the
aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

F- 26 

per month which the aggregate of is
reflected in professional fees for the fiscal years ending June 30, 2023 and 2022. At June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 respectively, Mr.
Folkson was owed and in unpaid consulting fees which amounts are included on the balance sheets in accounts payable
and accrued liabilities- related party. 

On January 20, 2023, the Company entered into the Lock-Up Agreement with Mr. Folkson. For purposes of the Lock-Up Agreement, Mr. Folkson is the direct or indirect owner of shares of the Company s common stock (the Shares ), and Mr. Folkson has agreed to not transfer, sell, or otherwise dispose of any Shares through February 4, 2023. The Lock-Up Agreement is substantially similar to, and serves as an extension of, the lock-up agreement previously in place between the Company and Mr. Folkson, which expired in accordance with its terms on February 4, 2022. The Lock-Up Agreement further provides, in exchange for the agreement to lock up the Shares, that Mr. Folkson shall receive warrants to acquire shares of Company common stock at an exercise price of per share, which warrants carry a twelve month term and a cashless provision, and will expire if not exercised within the twelve month term. 

Folkson Loan On February 7, 2023, Sean Folkson, the Chairman and CEO of the Company, loaned to the Company, which was evidenced by a promissory note (the Folkson Note ). The maturity date under the Folkson Note is February 7, 2024. The Folkson Note bears interest at a fixed rate of per annum, and shall be payable on the maturity date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not make any payment to Mr. Folkson under the Folkson Note, whether of principal or interest, and whether or not on the maturity date when due and payable, unless and until all indebtedness of the Company owed or owing to each of Mast Hill, Puritan Partners and Verition has been repaid in full. The Folkson Note has customary events of default. Mr. Folkson was owed which amounts are included on the balance sheets in accounts payable and accrued liabilities- related party. The Company intends to use the proceeds from the Folkson Note for working capital. 

In
addition, at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, there was and in unpaid directors fees which amounts are included
on the balance sheets n accounts payable and accrued liabilities- related party. 

State income taxes (net of federal tax benefit) 

Permanent differences 

Valuation allowance 

F- 27 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

-

At June 30, 2023 the Company had estimated U.S. federal net operating
losses of approximately , for income tax purposes. will while the balance of the tax
operating loss can be carried forward indefinitely, they are limited in any single year to of taxable income. For financial reporting
purposes, the entire amount of the net deferred tax assets has been offset by a valuation allowance due to uncertainty regarding the realization
of the assets. The net change in the total valuation allowance for the year ended June 30, 2023 was an increase of . The Company
follows FASC 740-10-25 P which requires a company to evaluate whether a tax position taken by the company will more likely than
not be sustained upon examination by the appropriate tax authority. The Company has analyzed filing positions in all of the federal
and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns, as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. The Company
believes that its income tax filing positions and deductions would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that
would result in a material change to its financial position. Therefore, no reserves for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded. 

The Company may not be able to utilize the net
operating loss carryforwards for its US income taxes in future periods should it experience a change in ownership as defined in Section
382 of the Internal Revenue Code IRC ). Under section 382, should the Company experience a more than change in
its ownership over a 3 year period, the Company would be limited based on a formula as defined in the IRC to the amount per year it could
utilize in that year of the net operating loss carryforwards. 

As of June 30, 2023 the Company had not performed
an analysis to determine if the Company was subject to the provisions of Section 382. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax
including state and local jurisdictions. Currently, no federal or state income tax returns are under examination by the respective taxing
jurisdictions. 

The Company s accounting policy is to recognize
interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. The Company has not accrued interest for any periods. 

The Company has not filed its federal and
state income tax returns for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017, and 2016, however it
believes due to the reported losses there is no material liability outstanding. 

(actual amount of purchase price of plus an original issue discount OID in the amount of ).
Also pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, in connection with the issuance of the Note, the Company: (a) issued to Fourth Man (i) returnable
common stock purchase warrants (the Warrants exercisable into an aggregate of shares of the common stock, par value
 per share, of the Company (the Common Stock and (ii) shares of Common Stock as commitment shares (the
 Commitment Shares ), of which shall be cancelled and returned to the Company s treasury upon repayment of
the Note on, or prior to, the date that is 180 calendar days after the date of the Agreement; and (b) granted piggy-back registration
rights to Fourth Man. 

The Company paid
to (a) J.H. Darbie Co., Inc. in cash fees plus warrants at an exercise price of per share (the Darbie
Warrants )) pursuant to the Company s existing agreement with J.H. Darbie Co., Inc., in relation to the transactions
contemplated by the Purchase Agreement. 

On July 7, 2023, the Company issued common stock purchase warrants to Spencer Clarke LLC as
retainer for Placement Agent services. 

On October 6, 2023, Nightfood Holdings, Inc. (the Company consummated the transactions
pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement dated as of October 5, 2023 (the Effective Date and issued and sold to Mast Hill Fund, L.P. Mast Hill ), a Promissory Note (the Note in the principal amount
of (actual amount of purchase price of plus an original issue discount OID in the amount of ). 

Mast Hill has
the right, at any time on or following the date that an Event of Default occurs to convert all or any portion of the then outstanding
and unpaid Principal Amount and interest, to convert all or any portion of the then outstanding and unpaid principal amount and interest
(including any default interest) into Common Stock, at a conversion price of , subject to customary adjustments as provided in the
Note for stock dividends and stock splits, rights offerings, pro rata distributions, fundamental transactions and dilutive issuances. 

F- 28 

ITEM 9. CHANGES AND DISAGREEMENT WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

The term disclosure controls and procedures means
controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the issuer in the
reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78a, et seq. is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits
under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer and
principal financial officer), or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

The term internal control over financial reporting
is defined as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the issuer s Chief Executive Officer, or persons performing similar
functions, and effected by the issuer s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain
to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of the issuer; 

Provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors of the issuer; and 

Provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the issuer s assets
that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Our Chief Executive Officer does not expect that
our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all error and all fraud. A control
system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control
system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of
controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of inherent limitations in all control systems, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues
and instances of fraud, if any, within the registrant have been detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

25 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures .
Our Chief Executive Officer is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the
end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our chief executive officer concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective at June 30, 2023 due to the lack of full-time accounting and management personnel. We will consider
hiring additional employees when we obtain sufficient capital. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting . Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting has been designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

Our internal control over financial reporting
includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect
transactions and dispositions of our assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization
of our management and directors; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can
provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our management assessed the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting at June 30, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based on
that assessment under those criteria, our management has determined that, at June 30, 2023, our internal control over financial reporting
was not effective due to a lack of resources. 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not
subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the exemption provided to issuers that are not large
accelerated filers nor accelerated filers under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting . There were no changes in the internal controls over our financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by
this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

26 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Our officers and directors are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Sean Folkson 
 
 54 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Thanuja Hamilton, MD 
 
 52 
 
 Director 
 
 Nisa Amoils 
 
 53 
 
 Director 
 
 Thomas Morse 
 
 54 
 
 Director 

Sean Folkson was elected president, CEO
and a director upon formation of the Company . Sean Folkson has been CEO and President of our subsidiary Nightfood, Inc., a New
York corporation, since its formation in January 2010. From 2004 to 2009 he served as president of Specialty Equipment Direct, Inc. which
is an online marketer of flooring maintenance equipment which he founded. In 1998 he founded AffiliatePros.com, Inc. a company engaged
in assisting its clients with internet marketing which operated through 2008. Mr. Folkson received a B.A. in Business Administration
with a concentration in marketing from S.U.N.Y Albany in 1991. 

Nisa Amoils was appointed as a director
on July 7, 2021. She is Managing Partner at A100x Ventures since January 2021 and an Advisor to Dragonfly Capital where she invests in
early stage Blockchain/Crypto/Web 3 companies. She has been in venture capital for 11 years and investing in blockchain since 2016, with
multiple unicorns and exits. From March 2016 until 2021, she previously was the Venture Partner at Scout Ventures, an early-stage venture
capital firm focused on technology investments, and used to practice securities and corporate law at Anderson Kill. She serves on Boards
such as Wharton Entrepreneurship, Global Digital Assets and Crypto Association, and Bubblr Inc. (Nasdaq:BBLR). She has been named one
of Business Insider s Women VC s to Watch, 2021, top 100 Women in Fintech, and top 50 global Blockchain thinkers. She is
an occasional host and commentator at Defiance Media and Forbes, having previously done anchoring and contributing on air. She holds
a business degree from the University of Michigan and a law degree from the University of Pennsylvania. The Company believes that Ms.
Amoils is qualified as a Board member of the Company because of her track record of investing in, and guiding and growing, customer-centric
companies. The Company believes her perspective, and her startup operational experience, can enhance the Company in areas such as strategic
and digital marketing, business development, fundraising, and management. 

Thanuja Hamilton, M.D. was appointed as
a director on July 7, 2021. Dr. Hamilton is a double Board-Certified Sleep Medicine Specialist. She completed her Fellowship in Sleep
Medicine as well as Internal Medicine at Drexel University College of Medicine at Hahnemann University Hospital in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
where she was Chief Fellow of her program. Dr. Hamilton has been a prominent advocate of healthy sleep. She frequently presents at medical
conferences and is actively involved in community health programs. She has been named SJ (South Jersey) Magazine s Top Doc and
was the featured physician on the cover of Philadelphia Magazine s Top Docs issue. From November 2012 through June 2019 she was
an employee, and since July 2019 has been the owner, of Advocare Sleep Physicians of South Jersey and its predecessor. Dr. Hamilton is
also the Corporate Medical Director of Persante Health Care, a national provider of sleep and balance center management services to hospitals,
physician practices and patients, the Medical Director of Jefferson University Health Systems Sleep Lab, and the Medical Director at
Virtua Health Sleep Labs, and is on the board of the New Jersey Sleep Society. She is a member of the American Academy of Sleep Medicine,
American College of Chest Physicians and the American Medical Association. She has written for and contributed to numerous outlets such
as Yahoo Health, Women s World, Good Housekeeping and Health.com, including a column in the Philly Voice. In addition to the Nightfood
board, Dr. Hamilton also serves on the board of Avenue of the Arts, a nonprofit which promotes the development, beautification, and marketing
of the Avenue of the Arts district of Philadelphia. She has appeared in a number of nationally syndicated and local television programs
as an expert in sleep. The Company believes that Dr. Hamilton is qualified as a Board member of the Company because of her being a nationally
recognized authority in the sleep field and her understanding of the consumer need for more sleep-friendly nighttime snack options. 

27 

Tom Morse was appointed as a director
on August 16, 2021. Mr. Morse has served as the manager of Liquid OTC LLC (doing business as LOL), a company specializing in functional
candy and oral care products, since January 2011. In addition, he has served since August 2005 as the manager of Alina Healthcare Products,
LLC, a consumer packaged goods development and distribution company. From July 2014 through October 2019, Mr. Morse was the Founder and
CEO of Strategy Execution Inc., a consumer packaged goods development and distribution company. From May 1999 through December
2005, Mr. Morse served as the President of Living Essentials LLC, the parent company of both 5-Hour Energy and Chaser. He was responsible
for the development and launch of those brands, including implementation of sales marketing strategies to build brands in new categories,
the national retail rollout of the product lines, and the recruitment and development of the core management team. He holds a B.A. from
Michigan State University with a major in accounting/business. The Company believes that Mr. Morse is qualified as a Board member of
the Company because of his management, marketing and business development skills in the consumer goods industry, and his experience as
a founder of 5-Hour Energy. 

Term and Family Relationships 

Our directors currently have terms which will
end at our next annual meeting of the stockholders or until successors are elected and qualify, subject to their prior death, resignation
or removal. Officers serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. 

No family relationships exist among our officers,
directors and consultants. 

Legal Proceedings 

To the best of our knowledge, no officer, director,
or persons nominated for these positions, and no promoter or significant employee of our corporation has been involved in legal proceedings
that would be material to an evaluation of our management. 

Code of Ethics 

We have determined that due to our early stage
of development and our small size, the present adoption of a code of ethics is not appropriate. If we grow we will adopt a suitable code
of ethics. 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Board of Directors 

During Fiscal year 2023 there was no change in
the composition of our Board of Directors. 

Committees 

Our board of directors does not currently have
an audit committee, compensation committee or nominating and corporate governance committee. 

The board of directors does not have an audit
committee financial expert. The board of directors has not yet recruited an audit committee financial expert to join the board of directors. 

28 

Director Independence 

We use the definition of independence 
of The NASDAQ Stock Market to make this determination. NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that an independent director 
is a person other than an officer or employee of the company or any other individual having a relationship, which, in the opinion of
the Company s Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director.
The NASDAQ listing rules provide that a director cannot be considered independent if: 

The
director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an employee of the company; 

The
director or a family member of the director accepted any compensation from the company in excess of 120,000 during any period of twelve
consecutive months within the three years preceding the independence determination (subject to certain exclusions, including, among other
things, compensation for board or board committee service); 

The
director or a family member of the director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an executive officer of the company; 

The
director or a family member of the director is a partner in, controlling stockholder of, or an executive officer of an entity to which
the company made, or from which the company received, payments in the current or any of the past three fiscal years that exceed 5 of
the recipient s consolidated gross revenue for that year or 200,000, whichever is greater (subject to certain exclusions); 

The
director or a family member of the director is employed as an executive officer of an entity where, at any time during the past three
years, any of the executive officers of the company served on the compensation committee of such other entity; or 

The
director or a family member of the director is a current partner of the company s outside auditor, or at any time during the past
three years was a partner or employee of the company s outside auditor, and who worked on the company s audit. 

Under such definitions, Ms.
Amoils, Dr. Hamilton and Mr. Morse are considered independent directors. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership of Reporting
Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
requires the Company s officers and directors, and persons who beneficially own more than ten (10 percent of a class of equity
securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the principal exchange upon which such securities are traded or quoted. Reporting Persons are also required
to furnish copies of such reports filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with the Company. 

Based on our review of the copies of such forms
received by us, and to the best of our knowledge, for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, each director inadvertently failed to timely
file a Form 4, in each case related to a single transaction consisting of nominal equity compensation. 

29 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table sets forth the cash and non-cash
annual remuneration of our CEO and director during our past two fiscal years: 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year(1) 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Sean Folkson, 
 2023 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 76,800 
 76,800 
 
 CEO 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 72,000 1 
 72,000 

(1) 
 2023 represents
 the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 represents the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. 

Mr.Folkson s fee
of 6,000 monthly began accruing on January 1, 2015. Prior to that, Mr. Folkson had worked for the Company for several years and had
never taken any fees or salary. Although the accrual began on January 1, 2015, the first payment was not made until November 28, 2017,
at which time Folkson had worked for 35 months under the Agreement without any payments having been made. For the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2023, Mr. Folkson invoiced 72,000 of total compensation, but 33,000 of that remained unpaid as of June
30, 2023. As of the time of this filing, Mr. Folkson has 51,000 in total consulting fees that remain unpaid. On February
4, 2023 Mr. Folkson received a stock purchase warrant for the purchase of 400,000 shares at 0.30 for a term of one year valued at 4,800. 

Outstanding Equity Awards 

No grants of stock options or stock awards were
made during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 to our named executive officers. We have no stock options outstanding. 

Long Term Incentive Plans 

There are no arrangements or plans in which we
provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We do not have any material bonus or profit sharing
plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers. 

Director Compensation 

Starting in Fiscal Year 2022, we commenced paying
our independent directors a cash fee of 3,000 on a quarterly basis. In addition, upon their appointment, each of our independent directors
received a grant of either restricted stock or warrants to purchase common stock, based on the closing price of our common stock on the
date of grant. Accordingly, our independent directors were granted different amounts of securities depending on when they were appointment
due to fluctuations in our stock price. 

The following table below sets forth the compensation
earned by our non-employee directors for service on our Board of Directors during the year ended June 30, 2023: 

Name 
 Fees earned or paid in cash 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Thanuja Hamilton, MD 
 12,000 
 14,640 

26,640 
 
 Nisa Amoils 
 12,000 

10,500 (1) 
 22,500 
 
 Thomas Morse 
 12,000 
 14,962 

26,962 

(1) Represents a 5-year warrant to purchase 100,000 shares of common
stock with an exercise price of 0.1250. 

30 

Employment/Consulting Agreements 

A consulting agreement exists between Mr. Folkson
and the Company, whereby Mr. Folkson receives 6,000 in consulting fees each month, beginning January, 2015. 

In June 2018, the Company entered into a new
consulting agreement with Mr. Folkson, which included a modified compensation structure. The new Consulting Agreement contains the identical
cash compensation allowance of 6,000 monthly. In addition, Mr. Folkson would earn Warrants with a strike price of .50 when the Company
hit certain revenue milestones. A similar agreement was entered into by the parties with a term starting on July 1, 2019. 

In exchange for an agreement to lock up Mr. Folkson s
shares, he received warrants to acquire 400,000 shares of Company common stock on February 4, 2023, at a strike price of .30, and with
a term of 12 months from the date of that agreement. The warrants include a provision for cashless exercise and will expire if not exercised
within the twelve-month term. 

In addition, in December, 2017, Mr. Folkson elected
to purchase 80,000 warrants to acquire shares of Company common stock with a strike price of .20 and a term of 36 months. To acquire
these warrants, Mr. Folkson paid .15 per warrant, totaling 12,000, treated as a 12,000 reduction to the amount owed to Mr. Folkson. 

Termination of Employment 

There are no compensatory plans or arrangements,
including payments to be received from the Company, with respect to any person named in the Summary Compensation Table set forth above
that would in any way result in payments to any such person because of his or her resignation, retirement or other termination of such
person s employment with us. 

Limits on Liability and Indemnification 

We provide directors and officers insurance for our current directors
and officers. 

Our by-laws provide that our company shall indemnify
its officers and directors to the fullest extent allowed by law for any liability including reasonable costs of defense arising out of
any act or omission of any officer or director on behalf of the company to the full extent allowed by the laws of the State of Nevada
and any amendment to Nevada law, whether effected by the Nevada Revised Statutes or judicial decision or otherwise, which allows for
further indemnification of officers or directors after the date of our by-laws automatically adopted by our company without further act.
Insofar as indemnification for liabilities under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers, and controlling persons
under the foregoing provisions or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such
indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is therefore unenforceable. 

31 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information in the following table sets forth
the beneficial ownership of our shares of common stock as of October 13, 2023 by: (i) our officers and directors; (ii) all officers and
directors as a group; (iii) each shareholder who beneficially owns more than 5 of any class of our voting securities, including those
shares subject to outstanding options. 

The number of shares beneficially owned by each
person, director, director nominee, or named executive officer is determined under rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission; this
information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under these rules, beneficial ownership includes
any shares for which the individual has sole or shared voting power or investment power and also any shares with respect to which the
person has the right to acquire sole or shared voting or investment power on or before December 12, 2023 (60 days after October 13, 2023)
through the conversion of shares of convertible preferred stock or the exercise of any stock option, warrant or other right. The percentage
of common stock beneficially owned is based on 126,921,301 shares issued and outstanding as of October 13, 2023 Unless we indicate otherwise,
each person has sole investment and/or voting power with respect to the shares set forth in the following tables. 

Unless otherwise indicated, the address for each
person listed below is: 

c/o Nightfood Holdings, Inc., 

520 White Plains Road Suite 500, 

Tarrytown, NY 10691. 

Name and address of owner 
 Amount owned 
 Percent of class 

Sean Folkson 
 17,176,644 (1) 
 13.53 
 
 Nisa Amoils 
 200,000 (2) 

Thanuja Hamilton 
 149,671 

Tom Morse 
 216,494 

All officers and directors as a group (4 person) 
 17,742,809 
 13.98 

Less than 1 . 

(1) 
 Does not include 1,000
 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock Mr. Folkson beneficially owns, which votes with the common stock and has an aggregate of 100,000,000
 votes. Does include 400,000 warrants with a strike price of 0.30, and option for cashless exercise, which expire on February 4, 2023. 

(2) 
 Represents shares underlying
 common stock purchase warrants. 

Changes in Control 

Our management is not aware of any arrangements
which may result in changes in control as that term is defined by the provisions of Item 403(c) of Regulation S-K. 

32 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

We consider related party transactions 
to be transactions between our Company and (i) a director, officer, director nominee or beneficial owner of greater than five percent
of our stock; (ii) the spouse, parents, children, siblings or in-laws of any person named in (i); or (iii) an entity in which one of
our directors or officers is also a director or officer or has a material financial interest. 

Our Board of Directors is vested with the responsibility
of evaluating and approving any potential related party transaction, unless a special committee consisting solely of independent directors
is appointed by the Board of Directors. We do not have any formal policies or procedures for related party transactions. 

Transactions with Related Parties 

The Company was incorporated on October 16, 2013
and upon our organization we issued 20,000,000 shares of common stock to the Company s founder, President and CEO in exchange for
all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Night Food, Inc., a New York corporation. Mr. Folkson had advanced an aggregate of
 134,517 to us to fund our operations, and had previously been shown on our financial statements as a Note Payable. This note has since
been converted to equity at a valuation of .25 per share. Mr. Folkson is not deemed independent because he is our single largest shareholder
and our CEO. 

A consulting agreement exists between Mr. Folkson
and the Company, whereby Mr. Folkson receives 6,000 in consulting fees each month, beginning January, 2015. In June of 2018, the Company
entered into a new consulting agreement with Folkson, which included a modified compensation structure. The new Consulting Agreement
contains the identical cash compensation allowance of 6,000 monthly. In addition, Folkson would earn Warrants with a strike price of
 .50 when the Company hit certain revenue milestones. A similar agreement was entered into by the parties with a term starting on January
1, 2022. 

In addition, in December, 2017, Folkson elected
to purchase 80,000 warrants to acquire shares of NGTF stock with a strike price of .20 and a term of 36 months. To acquire these warrants
Folkson paid .15 per warrant, totaling 12,000, treated as a 12,000 reduction to the amount owed to Folkson. 

On January 30, 2023, we entered into an
Agreement For Shareholder Lock-Up And Acquisition of Warrants with Mr. Folkson. For purposes of the Lock-Up Agreement, Mr. Folkson is
the direct or indirect owner of 16,776,644 shares of the Company s common stock (the Shares ), and Mr. Folkson
has agreed to not transfer, sell, or otherwise dispose of any Shares through February 4, 2024. The Lock-Up Agreement is substantially
similar to, and serves as an extension of, the lock-up agreement previously in place between the Company and Mr. Folkson, which expired
in accordance with its terms on February 4, 2023. The Lock-Up Agreement further provides, in exchange for the agreement to lock up the
Shares, that Mr. Folkson shall receive warrants to acquire 400,000 shares of Company common stock at an exercise price
of .30 per share, which warrants carry a twelve-month term and a cashless provision, and will expire if not exercised within the
twelve month term. 

Other than the above transactions, there have
been no related party transactions, or any other transactions or relationships required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 Regulation
S-K. The Company is currently not a subsidiary of any company. 

33 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND
SERVICES 

The Board of Directors has reviewed and discussed
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 with management and have reviewed
related written disclosures of Gries and Associates LLC, our independent accountants of the matters required to be discussed by SAS 114
with respect to those statements. Based on this review and these discussions, the Board of Directors recommends that the financial statements
be included in this Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

We have also reviewed the various fees that we
paid or accrued to Gries and Associates LLC during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, for rendered services in connection with our
annual audits and quarterly reviews, as well as for any other non-audit services they rendered. 

Audit Fees 

The aggregate fees billed for the fiscal years ended
June 30, 2023 and 2022 for professional services rendered by the principal accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements
and quarterly review of the financial statements included in our Form 10-K or services that are normally provided by the accountant in
connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years were 35,000 and 28,500 respectively. 

Audit-Related Fees 

During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, the Company incurred 10,000 in audit-related fees for the review and filing of our Regulation A
Offering Statement in June, 2022. During the year ended June
30, 2023 there were no similar costs incurred. 

Tax Fees 

For the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and
2022, for professional services related to tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning work by our principal accountants, we incurred
expenses of 0 and 0 respectively. 

All Other Fees 

None. 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

Our board of directors does not have an audit
committee and has not adopted a policy on pre-approval of audit and permissible non-audit services. 

34 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) Financial Statements 

Our financial statements as set forth in the
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements attached hereto commencing on page F-1 are hereby incorporated by reference. 

(b) Exhibits 

The following exhibits, which are numbered in
accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K, are filed herewith or, as noted, incorporated by reference herein. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-193347) filed with the Commission on January 13, 2014) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 20, 2017) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-193347) filed with the Commission on January 13, 2014) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation Series A Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 17, 2018 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designation Series B Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 23, 2021) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Stock Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-193347) filed with the Commission on January 13, 2014) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 23, 2021) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated September 23, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 28, 2022) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, Returnable, dated September 23, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 28, 2022) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Lease Receipt and terms and conditions (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2017) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 23, 2021) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Settlement and Exchange Agreement between the Registrant and Eagle (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 23, 2021) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Letter of Engagement between the Registrant and SC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 23, 2021) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Consulting Agreement with Sean Folkson (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 22, 2020) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Agreement For Shareholder Lock-Up And Acquisition Of Warrants with Sean Folkson (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 20, 2021) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 16, 2021) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of 8 Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Promissory Notes (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 16, 2021) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 16, 2021) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Security Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 16, 2021) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of Pledge Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 16, 2021) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 16, 2021) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of Guarantee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 16, 2021) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated September 23, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 28, 2022) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Promissory Note dated September 23, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 28, 2022) 

35 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

10.16 
 
 Most Favored Nation Amendment dated September 23, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 28, 2022) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Subordination Agreement dated September 22, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 28, 2022) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Finder s Fee Agreement with JH Darbie Co., dated as of August 22, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 28, 2022 as amended) 

10.19 
 
 Lock-Up Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 31, 2023) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Forbearance and Exchange Agreement dated February 4, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 8, 2023) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated February 5, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 8, 2023) 
 
 10.22 
 
 Promissory Note dated February 5, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 8, 2023) 
 
 10.23 
 
 First Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated February 5, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 8, 2023) 
 
 10.24 
 
 Second Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated February 5, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 8, 2023) 
 
 10.25 
 
 Promissory Note with Sean Folkson dated February 7, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 8, 2023) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Form of Warrant Amendment and Exercise Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 7, 2023) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Exchange and Amendment Agreement with Puritan Partners LLC and Verition Multi-Strategy Master Fund Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 7, 2023) 
 
 10.28 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 7, 2023) 
 
 10.29 
 
 Promissory Note dated with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 7, 2023) 
 
 10.30 
 
 First Common Stock Purchase Warrant with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 7, 2023) 
 
 10.31 
 
 Second Common Stock Purchase Warrant with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 7, 2023) 
 
 10.32 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 5, 2023) 
 
 10.33 
 
 Promissory Note with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 5, 2023) 
 
 10.34 
 
 First Common Stock Purchase Warrant with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 5, 2023) 
 
 10.35 
 
 Second Common Stock Purchase Warrant with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 5, 2023) 

36 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

10.36 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated April 17, 2023 
 
 10.37 
 
 Promissory Note with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated April 17, 2023 
 
 10.38 
 
 First Common Stock Purchase Warrant with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated April 17, 2023 
 
 10.39 
 
 Second Common Stock Purchase Warrant with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated April 17, 2023 
 
 10.40 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated April 17, 2023 
 
 10.41 
 
 Promissory Note with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated June 1, 2023 
 
 10.42 
 
 Pledge Agreement among Sean Folkson, Nightfood Holdings, Inc., and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated June 1, 2023 
 
 10.43 
 
 Security Agreement with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated June 1, 2023 
 
 10.44 
 
 Subsidiary Guarantee with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated June 1, 2023 
 
 10.45 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement with Fourth Man, LLC dated June 29, 2023 
 
 10.46 
 
 Promissory Note with Fourth Man, LLC dated June 29, 2023 
 
 10.47 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to Fourth Man, LLC dated June 29, 2023 
 
 10.48 
 
 Letter of Engagement between the Registrant and SC dated July 7, 2023 
 
 10.49 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to SC dated July 7, 2023 
 
 10.50 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement with Fourth Man, LLC dated August 28, 2023 
 
 10.51 
 
 Promissory Note with Fourth Man, LLC dated August 28, 2023 
 
 10.52 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to Fourth Man, LLC dated August 28, 2023 
 
 10.53 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement with Mast Hill, L.P. dated October 6, 2023 
 
 10.54 
 
 Promissory Note with Mast Hill, LP dated October 6, 2023 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-256548) filed with the Commission on May 27, 2021) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 1350 certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

37 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange
Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Nightfood
 Holdings, Inc. 

October 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Sean Folkson 

Sean Folkson, President and 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Sean Folkson 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 October 13, 2023 
 
 Sean Folkson 
 
 (principal executive, financial and accounting officer) 

/s/ Nisa Amoils 
 
 Director 
 
 October 13, 2023 
 
 Nisa Amoils 

/s/ Thanuja
 Hamilton 
 
 Director 
 
 October 13, 2023 
 
 Thanuja Hamilton 

/s/ Tom Morse 
 
 Director 
 
 October 13, 2023 
 
 Tom Morse 

38 

<EX-10.36>
 2
 f10k2023ex10-36_nightfood.htm
 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT WITH MAST HILL FUND, L.P. DATED APRIL 17, 2023

Exhibit 10.36 

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This SECURITIES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), dated as of April 17, 2023, by and between NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. , a Nevada corporation,
with headquarters located at 520 White Plains Road, Suite 500, Tarrytown, New York 10591 (the Company ), and MAST HILL
FUND, L.P. , a Delaware limited partnership, with its address at 48 Parker Road, Wellesley, MA 02482 (the Buyer ). 

WHEREAS : 

A. The
Company and the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded
by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act and Rule 506(b) promulgated by the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the 1933 Act; 

B. Buyer
desires to purchase from the Company, and the Company desires to issue and sell to the Buyer, upon the terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement, a promissory note of the Company, in the aggregate principal amount of 160,941.18 (as the principal amount thereof
may be increased pursuant to the terms thereof, and together with any note(s) issued in replacement thereof or as a dividend thereon or
otherwise with respect thereto in accordance with the terms thereof, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A , the Note ),
convertible into shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, of the Company (the Common Stock ), upon the terms and
subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such Note; 

C. The
Buyer wishes to purchase, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, such principal amount of the Note as is set forth immediately
below its name on the signature pages hereto; 

D. The
Company wishes to issue a common stock purchase warrant to purchase 1,790,000 shares of Common Stock (the First Warrant and a common stock purchase warrant to purchase 1,820,000 shares of Common Stock (the Second Warrant (the First Warrant
and Second Warrant shall collectively be referred to herein as the Warrants to the Buyer as additional consideration for
the purchase of the Note, which shall be earned in full as of the Closing Date, as further provided herein. 

NOW THEREFORE , in
consideration of the foregoing and of the agreements and covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Buyer hereby agree as follows: 

1. Purchase and Sale of Note. 

a. Purchase
of Note. On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer, and the Buyer agrees to purchase from
the Company, the Note, as further provided herein. As used in this Agreement, the term business day shall mean any day other
than a Saturday, Sunday, or a day on which commercial banks in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive
order to remain closed. 

b. Form of Payment. On the Closing
Date: (i) the Buyer shall pay the purchase price of 136,800.00 (the Purchase Price for the Note, to be issued and
sold to it at the Closing (as defined below), by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company, in accordance with the
Company s written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Note, and (ii) the Company shall deliver such duly executed
Note and Warrants on behalf of the Company, to the Buyer, against delivery of such Purchase Price. On the Closing, the Buyer shall
withhold a non-accountable sum of 4,500.00 from the Purchase Price to cover the Buyer s legal fees in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

c. Closing
Date. Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions thereto set forth in Section 6 and Section 7 below, the date
and time of the issuance and sale of the Note pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date shall be on the date that the
Purchase Price for the Note is paid by Buyer pursuant to terms of this Agreement. 

d. Closing .
The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing shall occur on the Closing Date at such location
as may be agreed to by the parties (including via exchange of electronic signatures). 

1 

1A. Warrants. On or before
the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Warrants to the Buyer pursuant to the terms of contained therein. 

2. Buyer s
Representations and Warranties. The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company as of the Closing Date that: 

a. Investment
Purpose. As of the Closing Date, the Buyer is purchasing the Note and Warrants (the Note, Warrants, shares of Common Stock issuable
upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note (the Conversion Shares ), and shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of or otherwise pursuant to the Warrants (the Exercise Shares shall collectively be referred to herein as the Securities for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or
exempted from registration under the 1933 Act; provided , however , that by making the representations herein, the Buyer does
not agree to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at
any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration statement or an exemption under the 1933 Act. 

b. Accredited
Investor Status. The Buyer is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D (an Accredited
Investor ). 

c. Reliance
on Exemptions. The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions from
the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy
of, and the Buyer s compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Buyer
set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Buyer to acquire the Securities. 

d. Information. 
The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remains outstanding will continue to be, furnished with all
materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities
which have been requested by the Buyer or its advisors. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remains
outstanding will continue to be, afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company regarding its business and affairs. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Buyer any material nonpublic information regarding the Company or otherwise and will
not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to or promptly following such disclosure to the
Buyer. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigation conducted by Buyer or any of its advisors or representatives shall
modify, amend or affect Buyer s right to rely on the Company s representations and warranties contained in Section 3 below. 

e. Governmental
Review. The Buyer understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed
upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities. 

2 

f. Transfer or Re-sale. The Buyer
understands that (i) the sale or resale of the Securities has not been and is not being registered under the 1933 Act or any
applicable state securities laws, and the Securities may not be transferred unless (a) the Securities are sold pursuant to an
effective registration statement under the 1933 Act, (b) the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Company,
an opinion of counsel (which may be the Legal Counsel Opinion (as defined below)) that shall be in form, substance and scope
customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions to the effect that the Securities to be sold or transferred may be sold
or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company, (c) the Securities
are sold or transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) Rule 144 )) of the Buyer who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the Securities only in accordance with this Section
2(f) and who is an Accredited Investor, (d) the Securities are sold pursuant to Rule 144 or other applicable exemption, or (e) the
Securities are sold pursuant to Regulation S under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) Regulation S ), and the Buyer
shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Company, an opinion of counsel that shall be in form, substance and scope
customary for opinions of counsel in corporate transactions, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company; (ii) any sale of such
Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in accordance with the terms of said Rule and further, if said Rule is not
applicable, any re-sale of such Securities under circumstances in which the seller (or the person through whom the sale is made) may
be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term is defined in the 1933 Act) may require compliance with some other exemption under the
1933 Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder; and (iii) neither the Company nor any other person is under any
obligation to register such Securities under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of
any exemption thereunder (in each case). Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else contained herein to the contrary, the
Securities may be pledged in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement secured by the
Securities, and such pledge of Securities shall not be deemed to be a transfer, sale or assignment of the Securities hereunder, and
the Buyer in effecting such pledge of Securities shall be not required to provide the Company with any notice thereof or otherwise
make any delivery to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise. 

g. Legends. 
The Buyer understands that until such time as the Note, Warrants, Conversion Shares, and/or Exercise Shares, have been registered under
the 1933 Act or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A under the 1933 Act, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any
restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, the Securities may bear a restrictive
legend in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of such Securities): 

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE [CONVERTIBLE/EXERCISABLE] HAVE BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED
OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,
OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT
REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A, REGULATION S, OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION UNDER SAID ACT.
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING
ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

The legend set forth above
shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate or book entry statement for the applicable shares of Common Stock without such
legend to the holder of any Security upon which it is stamped or (as requested by such holder) issue the applicable shares of Common Stock
to such holder by electronic delivery by crediting the account of such holder s broker with The Depository Trust Company DTC ),
if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws, (a) such Security is registered for sale under an effective registration
statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption
without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) the Company or
the Buyer provides the Legal Counsel Opinion (as contemplated by and in accordance with Section 4(m) hereof) to the effect that a public
sale or transfer of such Security may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company
so that the sale or transfer is effected. The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its transfer agent and all DTC fees associated
with any such issuance. The Buyer agrees to sell all Securities, including those represented by a certificate(s) from which the legend
has been removed, in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In the event that the Company does not accept
the opinion of counsel provided by the Buyer with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration, such
as Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption at the Deadline (as defined in the Note), it will be considered an
Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note. 

3 

h. Authorization;
Enforcement. This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized by the Buyer and has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of
the Buyer, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer enforceable
in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar
laws affecting creditors rights generally and except as may be limited by the exercise of judicial discretion in applying principles
of equity. 

3. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer as of the Closing Date that: 

a. Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below), if any, is a corporation duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, with full power and authority (corporate and other)
to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated and conducted.
Schedule 3(a), if attached hereto, sets forth a list of all of the Subsidiaries of the Company and the jurisdiction in which each is incorporated.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction
in which its ownership or use of property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary except where
the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Material Adverse Effect means
any material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, financial condition or prospects of the Company or its Subsidiaries,
if any, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements or instruments to be entered into in connection
herewith. Subsidiaries means any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, in which the
Company owns, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest. 

b. Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, the Note, and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the Securities, in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof,
(ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Warrants, the Note, Conversion Shares, and the Exercise Shares by the Company and
the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including without limitation, the issuance of the Note, Warrants,
as well as the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares issuable upon conversion of the Note
and/or exercise of the Warrants) have been duly authorized by the Company s Board of Directors and no further consent or authorization
of the Company, its Board of Directors, its shareholders, or its debt holders is required, (iii) this Agreement and the Note (together
with any other instruments executed in connection herewith or therewith) have been duly executed and delivered by the Company by its authorized
representative, and such authorized representative is the true and official representative with authority to sign this Agreement, the
Note and the other instruments documents executed in connection herewith or therewith and bind the Company accordingly, and (iv) this
Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and delivery by the Company of the Note, each of such instruments will constitute, a legal,
valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms. 

c. Capitalization;
Governing Documents. As of April 17, 2023, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of: 200,000,000 authorized shares
of Common Stock, of which 112,550,840 shares were issued and outstanding, and 1,005,000 authorized shares of preferred stock, of which
1,000 shares of Series A preferred stock and 2,300 shares of Series B preferred stock were issued and outstanding. All of such outstanding
shares of capital stock of the Company and the Conversion Shares, and Exercise Shares are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. No shares of capital stock of the Company are subject to preemptive rights or any other
similar rights of the shareholders of the Company or any liens or encumbrances imposed through the actions or failure to act of the Company.
As of the effective date of this Agreement, other than as publicly announced prior to such date and reflected in the SEC Documents of
the Company (i) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe for, puts, calls, rights of first refusal, agreements,
understandings, claims or other commitments or rights of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into
or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or arrangements by which the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii)
there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of
its or their securities under the 1933 Act and (iii) there are no anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions contained in any security
issued by the Company (or in any agreement providing rights to security holders) that will be triggered by the issuance of any of the
Securities. The Company has furnished or made available (which may be through the SEC Documents) to the Buyer true and correct copies
of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation as in effect on the date hereof Certificate of Incorporation ), the
Company s By-laws, as in effect on the date hereof (the By-laws ), and the terms of all securities convertible into
or exercisable for Common Stock of the Company and the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto. 

4 

d. Issuance
of Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares. The Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares are duly authorized and reserved for issuance
(or will be reserved for issuance as provided in the Note and Warrant) and, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants
in accordance with its terms, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances
with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company
and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. 

e. Issuance
of Warrants. The issuance of the Warrants are duly authorized and will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free
from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other
similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. 

f. Acknowledgment
of Dilution. The Company understands and acknowledges the potentially dilutive effect of the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares
to the Common Stock upon the conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants. The Company further acknowledges that its obligation
to issue, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants, the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares in accordance with
the terms thereof, are absolute and unconditional regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership interests
of other shareholders of the Company. 

g. No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Note by the Company and the consummation by the Company
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion
Shares and Exercise Shares) will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or
By-laws, or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which with
notice or lapse of time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or
cancellation of, any agreement, note, evidence of indebtedness, indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including
federal and state securities laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company or its securities
is subject) applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect), or (iv) trigger any anti-dilution and/or ratchet provision contained
in any other contract in which the Company is a party thereto or any security issued by the Company. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is in violation of its Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws or other organizational documents and neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries is in default (and no event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time or both could put the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries in default) under, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any action or failed to take any
action that would give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument
to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any property or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is bound or affected, except for possible defaults as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The
businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, are not being conducted, and shall not be conducted so long as the Buyer owns
any of the Securities, in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity. Except as specifically contemplated
by this Agreement and as required under the 1933 Act and any applicable state securities laws, the Company is not required to obtain any
consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court, governmental agency, regulatory agency, self-regulatory
organization or stock market or any third party in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement
and the Note in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or to issue and sell the Note in accordance with the terms hereof and, upon
conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants, issue Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares as applicable. All consents, authorizations,
orders, filings and registrations which the Company is required to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence have been obtained or effected
on or prior to the date hereof. The Company is not in violation of the listing requirements of the Principal Market (as defined herein)
and does not reasonably anticipate that the Common Stock will be delisted by the Principal Market in the foreseeable future. The Company
and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. The Principal Market 
shall mean the principal securities exchange or trading market where such Common Stock is listed or traded, including but not limited
to any tier of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market), or the NYSE American, or any successor
to such markets. 

5 

h. SEC
Documents; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be
filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto
and documents (other than exhibits to such documents) incorporated by reference therein, being hereinafter referred to herein as the SEC
Documents ). As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934
Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at
the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. None of the statements made in any such SEC Documents is, or has been, required to be amended or updated under applicable
law (except for such statements as have been amended or updated in subsequent filings prior the date hereof). As of their respective dates,
the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting
requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved and fairly present
in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof
and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements,
to normal year-end audit adjustments). Except as set forth in the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents, the
Company has no liabilities, contingent or otherwise, other than (i) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business subsequent
to September 30, 2022, and (ii) obligations under contracts and commitments incurred in the ordinary course of business and not required
under generally accepted accounting principles to be reflected in such financial statements, which, individually or in the aggregate,
are not material to the financial condition or operating results of the Company. The Company is subject to the reporting requirements
of the 1934 Act. The Company has never been a shell company as described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i). 

i. Absence
of Certain Changes . Since September 30, 2022, there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse development in the
assets, liabilities, business, properties, operations, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or 1934 Act reporting status
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

j. Absence
of Litigation. There is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government
agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened against
or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or their officers or directors in their capacity as such, that could have a Material
Adverse Effect. With the exception of a certain pending lawsuit filed June 2, 2022 titled Jose Meija vs. Nightfood Inc. regarding the
accessibility of the Nightfood.com website for consumers with visual impairments, which the Company believes is part of a coordinated
effort on behalf of certain law firms to use the Americans with Disabilities Act to extort settlements from companies that conduct commerce
online, and which the Company has retained counsel and expects to settle for between 10,000 and 16,000, the SEC Documents contain a
complete list and summary description of any pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened proceeding against or affecting the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, without regard to whether it would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries
are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. 

k. Intellectual
Property. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses the requisite licenses or rights to use all patents, patent applications,
patent rights, inventions, know-how, trade secrets, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, service names, trade names and
copyrights Intellectual Property necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated
to be operated in the future); there is no claim or action by any person pertaining to, or proceeding pending, or to the Company s
knowledge threatened, which challenges the right of the Company or of a Subsidiary with respect to any Intellectual Property necessary
to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated in the future); to the best of the
Company s knowledge, the Company s or its Subsidiaries current and intended products, services and processes do not
infringe on any Intellectual Property or other rights held by any person; and the Company is unaware of any facts or circumstances which
might give rise to any of the foregoing. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the
secrecy, confidentiality and value of their Intellectual Property. 

6 

l. No
Materially Adverse Contracts, Etc. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any charter, corporate or other legal
restriction, or any judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation which in the judgment of the Company s officers has or is expected
in the future to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any contract or agreement
which in the judgment of the Company s officers has or is expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

m. Tax
Status. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has made or filed all federal, state and foreign income and all other tax returns,
reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject (unless and only to the extent that the Company and each
of its Subsidiaries has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes) and
has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns,
reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith and has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for
the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid
taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know of no
basis for any such claim. The Company has not executed a waiver with respect to the statute of limitations relating to the assessment
or collection of any foreign, federal, state or local tax. None of the Company s tax returns is presently being audited by any taxing
authority. 

n. Transactions
with Affiliates. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents or for arm s length transactions pursuant to which the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries makes payments in the ordinary course of business upon terms no less favorable than the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries could obtain from third parties and other than the grant of stock options described in the SEC Documents, none of the officers,
directors, or employees of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than
for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing
of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer,
director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which any officer,
director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner. 

o. Disclosure. 
All information relating to or concerning the Company or any of its Subsidiaries set forth in this Agreement and provided to the Buyer
pursuant to Section 2(d) hereof and otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby is true and correct in all material
respects and the Company has not omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made herein or therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No event or circumstance has occurred or exists with respect
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its or their business, properties, prospects, operations or financial conditions, which,
under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company but which has not been so publicly
announced or disclosed (assuming for this purpose that the Company s reports filed under the 1934 Act are being incorporated into
an effective registration statement filed by the Company under the 1933 Act). 

p. Acknowledgment
Regarding Buyer s Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Buyer is acting solely in the capacity
of arm s length purchaser with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company further acknowledges
that the Buyer is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby and any statement made by the Buyer or any of its respective representatives or agents in connection
with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby is not advice or a recommendation and is merely incidental to the Buyer s
purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Buyer that the Company s decision to enter into this Agreement
has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the Company and its representatives. 

7 

q. No
Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly or
indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would require
registration under the 1933 Act of the issuance of the Securities to the Buyer. The issuance of the Securities
to the Buyer will not be integrated with any other issuance of the Company s securities (past, current or future) for purposes of
any shareholder approval provisions applicable to the Company or its securities. 

r. No
Brokers; No Solicitation. Except with respect to J. H. Darbie Co., a registered broker-dealer (CRD#: 43520), and Spencer Clarke,
a registered broker-dealer, the Company has taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions,
transaction fees or similar payments relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company acknowledges and
agrees that neither the Buyer nor its employee(s), member(s), beneficial owner(s), or partner(s) solicited the Company to enter into this
Agreement and consummate the transactions described in this Agreement. 

s. Permits;
Compliance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits,
easements, variances, exemptions, consents, certificates, approvals and orders necessary to own, lease and operate its properties and
to carry on its business as it is now being conducted (collectively, the Company Permits ), and there is no action pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened regarding suspension or cancellation of any of the Company Permits. Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or violation of, any of the Company Permits, except for any such conflicts,
defaults or violations which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Since
September 30, 2022, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notification with respect to possible conflicts,
defaults or violations of applicable laws, except for notices relating to possible conflicts, defaults or violations, which conflicts,
defaults or violations would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

t. Environmental Matters. 

(i) There
are, to the Company s knowledge, with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor of the Company, no past
or present violations of Environmental Laws (as defined below), releases of any material into the environment, actions, activities, circumstances,
conditions, events, incidents, or contractual obligations which may give rise to any common law environmental liability or any liability
under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 or similar federal, state, local or foreign laws
and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice with respect to any of the foregoing, nor is any action pending
or, to the Company s knowledge, threatened in connection with any of the foregoing. The term Environmental Laws means
all federal, state, local or foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including, without limitation,
ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws relating to emissions,
discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively,
 Hazardous Materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment,
storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands or demand letters,
injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations issued, entered, promulgated or approved
thereunder. 

(ii) Other
than those that are or were stored, used or disposed of in compliance with applicable law, no Hazardous Materials are contained on or
about any real property currently owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and no Hazardous Materials were released
on or about any real property previously owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries during the period the property
was owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except in the normal course of the Company s or any of its
Subsidiaries business. 

(iii) There
are no underground storage tanks on or under any real property owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that are
not in compliance with applicable law. 

u. Title to Property. The Company and
its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property and good and marketable title to all personal
property owned by them which is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all
liens, encumbrances and defects except such as are described in Schedule 3(u), if attached hereto, or such as would not have a
Material Adverse Effect. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions
as would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

8 

v. Insurance. 
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks
and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries
are engaged. Neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance
coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business
at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Upon written request the Company will provide to the Buyer true and correct copies
of all policies relating to directors and officers liability coverage, errors and omissions coverage, and commercial general
liability coverage. 

w. Internal
Accounting Controls. Except as may be disclosed in the SEC Documents, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries maintain a system of
internal accounting controls sufficient, in the judgment of the Company s board of directors, to provide reasonable assurance that
(i) transactions are executed in accordance with management s general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain
asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management s general or specific authorization
and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is
taken with respect to any differences. 

x. Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, agent, employee or other person acting
on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, in the course of his actions for, or on behalf of, the Company, used any corporate funds
for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; made any direct or indirect
unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; violated or is in violation of any provision
of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other
unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee. 

y. Solvency. 
The Company has no information that would lead it to reasonably conclude that the Company would not, after giving effect to the transaction
contemplated by this Agreement, have the ability to, nor does it intend to take any action that would impair its ability to, pay its debts
from time to time incurred in connection therewith as such debts mature. 

z. No
Investment Company. The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement will not
be an investment company required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (an Investment Company ).
The Company is not controlled by an Investment Company. 

aa. No Off Balance Sheet
Arrangements . There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and an unconsolidated
or other off balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its 1934 Act filings and is not so disclosed or that
otherwise could be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

bb. No Disqualification
Events . None of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the
Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20 or more of the Company s outstanding voting equity
securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the 1933 Act) connected
with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person is subject to any of the Bad
Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the 1933 Act (a Disqualification Event ), except
for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company
has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. 

9 

cc. Manipulation of Price .
The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has: (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause
or to result, or that could reasonably be expected to cause or result, in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security
of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for
soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any person any compensation for soliciting another to
purchase any other securities of the Company. 

dd. Bank Holding Company
Act . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ). Neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5 or more of the outstanding shares of
any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25 or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the
BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates exercises a controlling influence
over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. 

ee. Illegal or Unauthorized
Payments; Political Contributions . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Company s knowledge, any of the
officers, directors, employees, agents or other representatives of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any other business entity
or enterprise with which the Company or any Subsidiary is or has been affiliated or associated, has, directly or indirectly, made or authorized
any payment, contribution or gift of money, property, or services, whether or not in contravention of applicable law, (i) as a kickback
or bribe to any person or (ii) to any political organization, or the holder of or any aspirant to any elective or appointive public office
except for personal political contributions not involving the direct or indirect use of funds of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

ff. Breach of Representations
and Warranties by the Company. The Company agrees that if the Company breaches any of the representations or warranties set forth
in this Section 3 and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event
of Default under Section 3.4 of the Note. 

4. ADDITIONAL COVENANTS, AGREEMENTS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS . 

a. Best
Efforts. The parties shall use their best efforts to satisfy timely each of the conditions described in Section 6 and 7 of this Agreement. 

b. Form
D; Blue Sky Laws . The Company agrees to file a Form D with respect to the Securities if required under Regulation D and to provide
a copy thereof to the Buyer promptly after such filing. The Company shall, on or before the Closing Date, take such action as the Company
shall reasonably determine is necessary to qualify the Securities for sale to the Buyer at the applicable closing pursuant to this Agreement
under applicable securities or blue sky laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption from such qualification),
and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Buyer on or prior to the Closing Date. 

c. Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall use the proceeds for operating capital and the payment of settlement amounts due to Puritan Partners
LLC and Verition Multi-Strategy Master Fund Ltd. under that certain forbearance and exchange agreement dated on or around February 1,
2023, and not for any other purpose, including but not limited to (i) the repayment of any indebtedness owed to officers, directors or
employees of the Company or their affiliates, (ii) any loan to or investment in any other corporation, partnership, enterprise or other
person (except in connection with the Company s currently existing operations), (iii) any loan, credit, or advance to any officers,
directors, employees, or affiliates of the Company, or (iv) in violation or contravention of any applicable law, rule or regulation. 

d. Right of Participation and First Refusal . 

(i) Other
than arrangements that are in place or disclosed in SEC Documents prior to the date of this
Agreement, from the date of this Agreement until the Note is extinguished in its entirety, the Company will not, (i) directly or indirectly,
offer, sell, grant any option to purchase, or otherwise dispose of (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other
disposition of) any of its or its Subsidiaries debt, equity, or equity equivalent securities, including without limitation any
debt, preferred shares or other instrument or security that is, at any time during its life and/or under any circumstances, convertible
into, exchangeable, or exercisable for Common Stock (any such offer, sale, grant, disposition or announcement being referred to as a Subsequent
Placement or (ii) enter into any definitive agreement with regard to the foregoing, in each case unless the Company shall have
first complied with this Section 4(d). 

10 

(ii) The
Company shall deliver to the Buyer an irrevocable written notice (the Offer Notice of any proposed or intended Subsequent
Placement, which shall (w) identify and describe the Subsequent Placement, (x) describe the price and other terms upon which they are
to be issued, sold or exchanged, and the number or amount of the securities in the Subsequent Placement to be issued, sold, or exchanged
and (y) offer to issue and sell to or exchange with the Buyer at least one hundred percent (100 of the securities in the Subsequent
Placement (in each case, an Offer ). 

(iii) To
accept an Offer, in whole or in part, the Buyer must deliver a written notice (the Notice of Acceptance to the Company
prior to the end of the fifth (5 th Trading Day (as defined in the Note) after the Buyer s receipt of the Offer Notice
(the Offer Period ), setting forth the amount that the Buyer elects to purchase (the Subscription Amount ).
The Company shall complete the Subsequent Placement and issue and sell the Subscription Amount to the Buyer upon terms and conditions
(including, without limitation, unit prices and interest rates) set forth in the Offer Notice, unless a change to such terms and conditions
is agreed to in writing between the Company and Buyer. 

(iv) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, if the Company desires to modify or amend the terms or conditions of a Subsequent Placement
at any time after the Offer Notice is given to Buyer (provided, however, that such modification or amendment to the terms or conditions
cannot occur during any Offer Period), the Company shall deliver to the Buyer a new Offer Notice and the Offer Period of such new Offer
shall expire at the end of the fifth (5 th Trading Day after the Buyer s receipt of such new Offer Notice. 

(v) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, the terms and conditions of this Section 4(d) of this Agreement shall not apply to any of the following
issuances of securities (collectively, the Excluded Offerings ): (A) upon exercise of the Warrants; (B) pursuant to the issuance,
vesting and/or exercise of options, warrants, restricted stock, restricted stock units or other common stock purchase rights issued (or
to be issued) to employees, officers or directors of, or consultants or advisors to, the Company for compensatory purposes pursuant to
any stock purchase plan, stock option plan, equity incentive plan or other plan or arrangement approved by the Board of Directors (or
the Compensation Committee thereof) at any time; (C) pursuant to the exercise or conversion of preferred stock, options, warrants or any
evidence of indebtedness, shares of capital stock (other than Common Stock) or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common
Stock outstanding (or in the case of warrants underlying outstanding preferred stock, which may be issued and outstanding) as of the date
hereof and as disclosed in the SEC Documents prior to the date hereof; (D) in connection with the acquisition of all or part of another
entity by stock acquisition, merger, consolidation or other reorganization, or by the purchase of all or part of the assets of such other
entity (including securities issued to persons formerly employed by such other entity and subsequently hired by the Company and to any
brokers or finders in connection therewith); (E) in connection with strategic transactions approved by the Board of Directors (provided
such transactions is not primarily for the purpose of raising capital); (F) to bona fide commercial partners, or lessors in connection
with credit arrangements, equipment financings or similar transactions approved by the Board of Directors; (G) in connection with the
Company s acquisition, joint-venture, licensing or business transaction of intellectual property assets from any individuals or
entities approved by the Board of Directors (provided such transactions is not primarily for the purpose of raising capital); (H) shares
of Common Stock issued pursuant to equipment lease arrangements or financings from a bank approved by the Board of Directors of the Company;
and (I) any units, shares of common stock, warrants or other securities issued or issuable pursuant to the Company s Regulation
A+ offering as the same may be amended from time to time, and any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof (the Reg
A+ Offering ). 

11 

e. Usury .
To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will
resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter
in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Buyer in order to enforce any right or remedy under this
Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained
in this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, it is expressly agreed and provided that the
total liability of the Company under this Agreement, the Note or any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby for payments
which under applicable law are in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the
 Maximum Rate ), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both
of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under applicable law in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to
pay under this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed
that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law applicable to this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument
contemplated thereby is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum
contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or
instrument contemplated thereby from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under
any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Buyer with respect to indebtedness
evidenced by this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, such excess shall be applied by
the Buyer to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to
be at the Buyer s election. 

f. Restriction
on Activities . Commencing as of the date first above written, and until the earlier of payment of the Note in full or full conversion
of the Note, the Company shall not, directly or indirectly, without the Buyer s prior written consent, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld: (a) change the nature of its business; or (b) sell, divest, acquire, change the structure of any material assets
other than in the ordinary course of business. 

g. Listing. 
The Company will, so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, maintain the listing and trading of its Common Stock on the Principal
Market or any equivalent replacement exchange or electronic quotation system (including but not limited to the Pink Sheets electronic
quotation system) and will comply in all respects with the Company s reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or
rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA and such exchanges, as applicable. The Company shall promptly
provide to the Buyer copies of any notices it receives from the Principal Market and any other exchanges or electronic quotation systems
on which the Common Stock is then traded regarding the continued eligibility of the Common Stock for listing on such exchanges and quotation
systems. 

h. Corporate
Existence. The Company will, so long as the Buyer beneficially owns any of the Securities, maintain its corporate existence and shall
not sell all or substantially all of the Company s assets, except in the event of a merger or consolidation or sale of all or substantially
all of the Company s assets, where the surviving or successor entity in such transaction (i) assumes the Company s obligations
hereunder and under the agreements and instruments entered into in connection herewith and (ii) is a publicly traded corporation whose
Common Stock is listed for trading or quotation on the Principal Market, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market, the New York Stock Exchange
or the NYSE MKT. 

i. No
Integration. The Company shall not make any offers or sales of any security (other than the Securities) under circumstances that would
require registration of the Securities being offered or sold hereunder under the 1933 Act or cause the offering of the Securities to be
integrated with any other offering of securities by the Company for the purpose of any stockholder approval provision applicable to the
Company or its securities. 

12 

j. Compliance
with 1934 Act; Public Information Failures. For so long as the Buyer beneficially owns the Note, Warrants, Conversion Shares, or any
Exercise Shares, the Company shall comply with the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act; and the Company shall continue to be subject
to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. During the period that the Buyer beneficially owns the Note, if the Company shall (i) fail
for any reason to satisfy the requirements of Rule 144(c)(1), including, without limitation, the failure to satisfy the current public
information requirements under Rule 144(c) or (ii) if the Company has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) or becomes such
an issuer in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (each, a Public Information
Failure then, as partial relief for the damages to the Buyer by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell
the Securities (which remedy shall not be exclusive of any other remedies available pursuant to this Agreement, the Note, or at law or
in equity), the Company shall pay to the Buyer an amount in cash equal to three percent (3 of the Purchase Price on each of the day
of a Public Information Failure and on every thirtieth day (pro rated for periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter until the
date such Public Information Failure is cured. The payments to which a holder shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 4(k) are referred
to herein as Public Information Failure Payments. Public Information Failure Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i)
the last day of the calendar month during which such Public Information Failure Payments are incurred and (iii) the third business day
after the event or failure giving rise to the Public Information Failure Payments is cured. In the event the Company fails to make Public
Information Failure Payments in a timely manner, such Public Information Failure Payments shall bear interest at the rate of 5 per month
(prorated for partial months) until paid in full. 

k. Acknowledgement
Regarding Buyer s Trading Activity . Until the Note is fully repaid or fully converted, the Buyer shall not effect any short
sale (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the 1934 Act) of the Common Stock which establishes a net short
position with respect to the Common Stock. 

l. Legal
Counsel Opinions . Upon the request of the Buyer from to time to time, the Company shall be responsible (at its cost) for promptly
supplying to the Company s transfer agent and the Buyer a customary legal opinion letter of its counsel (the Legal Counsel
Opinion to the effect that the resale of the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares by the Buyer or its affiliates, successors
and assigns is exempt from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act pursuant to Rule 144 (provided the requirements of Rule 144 are
satisfied by the delivery to the Company of customary representations letters to that effect and provided the Conversion Shares and/or
Exercise Shares are not then registered under the 1933 Act for resale pursuant to an effective registration statement) or other applicable
exemption (provided the requirements of such other applicable exemption are satisfied by the delivery to the Company of customary representations
letters to that effect). In addition, the Buyer may (at the Company s cost) at any time secure its own legal counsel to issue the
Legal Counsel Opinion, and the Company will instruct its transfer agent to accept such opinion. The Company hereby agrees that it may
never take the position that it is a shell company in connection with its obligations under this Agreement or otherwise. 

m. Piggy-Back
Registration Rights . The Company hereby grants to the Buyer the piggy-back registration rights set forth in Exhibit B hereto. 

n. Most
Favored Nation . So long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, the Company shall not enter into any public or private offering of
its securities (including securities convertible into shares of Common Stock) with any individual or entity (an Other Investor that has the effect of establishing rights or otherwise benefiting such Other Investor in a manner more favorable in any material respect
to such Other Investor (even if the Other Investor does not receive the benefit of such more favorable term until a default occurs under
such other security) than the rights and benefits established in favor of the Buyer by this Agreement, the Note, the Warrant, and the
related transaction documents unless, in any such case, the Buyer has been provided with such rights and benefits pursuant to a definitive
written agreement or agreements between the Company and the Buyer. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement,
this Section 4(n) of this Agreement shall not apply to the issuance of Common Stock (or warrants if sold with the Common Stock as a component
of units) pursuant to a Regulation A offering. 

o. Subsequent
Variable Rate Transactions . From the date hereof until such time as the Note is fully converted or fully repaid, the Company shall
be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction 
means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or
exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or
exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock
at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is
subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified
or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into
any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined
price. The Buyer shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be
in addition to any right to collect damages. This Section 4(o) shall not apply to the Company s existing obligations as of the date
hereof, which are disclosed in the SEC Documents. 

13 

p. Non-Public
Information . Except as may be required pursuant to Section 4(d), the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other person
acting on its behalf will provide the Buyer or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably
believes constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto the Buyer shall have consented to the receipt of such information
and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that the Buyer shall be relying
on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. Except as may be required pursuant to Section 4(d),
to the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public information to the Buyer without such Buyer s consent, the Company
hereby covenants and agrees that such Buyer shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any
of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or affiliates, not to trade on the basis of, such material, non- public information,
provided that the Buyer shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided, information provided, or any other
communications made by the Company, to the Buyer, constitutes or contains material non-public information regarding the Company or any
Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice or other material information with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report
on Form 8-K. In. addition to any other remedies provided by this Agreement or the related transaction documents, if the Company provides
any material non-public information to the Buyer without their prior written consent, and it fails to immediately (no later than that
business day) file a Form 8-K disclosing this material non-public information, it shall pay the Buyer as partial liquidated damages and
not as a penalty a sum equal to 3,000 per day beginning with the day the information is disclosed to the Buyer and ending and including
the day the Form 8-K disclosing this information is filed. 

q. D O
Insurance . In the event the Company does not so have as of the date hereof, within 60 calendar days of the Closing, the Company shall
purchase director and officer insurance on behalf of the Company s (including its subsidiary) officers and directors for a period of 18
months after the Closing with respect to any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs and expense in connection with any actual or
threatened claim or proceeding that is based on, or arises out of their status as a director or officer of the Company. The insurance
policy shall provide for two years of tail coverage. 

r. Breach
of Covenants. The Company acknowledges and agrees that if the Company breaches any of the covenants set forth in this Section 4, in
addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of Default under Section
3.3 of the Note. 

5. Transfer
Agent Instructions. The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to the Company s transfer agent to issue certificates and/or
issue shares electronically at the Buyer s option, registered in the name of the Buyer or its nominee, upon conversion of the Note
and/or exercise of the Warrants, the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares, in such amounts as specified from time to time by the Buyer
to the Company in accordance with the terms thereof (the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions ). In the event that the
Company proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Company shall provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed
Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to this Agreement (including but not limited to the
provision to irrevocably reserved shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount (as defined in the Note)) signed by the successor transfer
agent to the Company and the Company. Prior to registration of the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares under the 1933 Act or the
date on which the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable
exemption without any restriction as to the number of Securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, all such certificates
or book entry shares shall bear the restrictive legend specified in Section 2(g) of this Agreement. The Company warrants that: (i) no
instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in this Section 5 will be given by the Company to its transfer
agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent provided
in this Agreement and the Note; (ii) it will not direct its transfer agent not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its transfer
agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for Securities to be issued to the Buyer upon
conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note and/or upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to the Warrants as and when required by
the Note and this Agreement; (iii) it will not fail to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or
hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on
any certificate for any Securities issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note and/or upon exercise of or
otherwise pursuant to the Warrants as and when required by the Note, Warrants, and/or this Agreement and (iv) it will provide any required
corporate resolutions and issuance approvals to its transfer agent within one (1) business day of each conversion of the Note and/or exercise
of the Warrants. Nothing in this Section shall affect in any way the Buyer s obligations and agreement set forth in Section 2(g)
hereof to comply with all applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any, upon re-sale of the Securities. If the Buyer provides the
Company, at the cost of the Company, with (i) an opinion of counsel in form, substance and scope customary for opinions in comparable
transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Securities may be made without registration under the 1933 Act and
such sale or transfer is effected or (ii) the Buyer provides reasonable assurances that the Securities can be sold pursuant to 144, Rule
144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, the Company shall permit the transfer, and, in the case of the Securities, promptly
instruct its transfer agent to issue one or more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in such name and in such denominations as
specified by the Buyer. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer,
by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at
law for a breach of its obligations under this Section 5 may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by
the Company of the provisions of this Section, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction
restraining any breach and requiring immediate transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other
security being required. 

14 

6. Conditions
to the Company s Obligation to Sell. The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Note to the Buyer at the
Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions thereto, provided that these
conditions are for the Company s sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion: 

a. The
Buyer shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Company. 

b. The Buyer shall have delivered the Purchase
Price in accordance with Section 1(b) above. 

c. The
representations and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the
Closing Date, as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the Buyer
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement
to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date. 

d. No
litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or
endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over
the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

7. Conditions
to The Buyer s Obligation to Purchase. The obligation of the Buyer hereunder to purchase the Note, on the Closing Date, is subject
to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Buyer s
sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any time in its sole discretion: 

a. The
Company shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Buyer. 

b. The
Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the duly executed Note in such denominations as the Buyer shall request and in accordance with
Section 1(b) above. 

c. The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the Warrants. 

d. The
Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer, shall have been delivered to and acknowledged
in writing by the Company s Transfer Agent. 

e. The
representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of Closing
Date, as though made at such time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the Company shall have
performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to
be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date. 

f. No
litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or
endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over
the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

15 

g. No
event shall have occurred which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but not limited
to a change in the 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its 1934 Act reporting obligations. 

h. Trading
in the Common Stock on the Principal Market shall not have been suspended by the SEC, FINRA or the Principal Market. 

i. The
Company shall have delivered to the Buyer resolutions adopted by the Company s Board of Directors at a duly called meeting or by
unanimous written consent authorizing this Agreement and all other documents, instruments and transactions contemplated hereby. 

8. Governing Law; Miscellaneous. 

a. Governing
Law; Venue . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to
principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be brought only in the state
courts located in the State of Nevada or in the federal courts located in the State of Nevada. The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably
waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction
or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST,
A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and
costs. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding
in connection with this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process
and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. 

b. Counterparts. 
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute
one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party.
A facsimile or .pdf signature shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and
effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile or .pdf signature. Delivery of a counterpart signature hereto by facsimile
or email/.pdf transmission shall be deemed validly delivery thereof. 

c. Construction;
Headings. This Agreement shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Buyer and shall not be construed against any
person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect
the interpretation of, this Agreement. 

d. Severability. 
In the event that any provision of this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement or instrument delivered in connection herewith is
invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that
it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove
invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, the Note,
or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby. 

e. Entire
Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement, the Note, and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor
the Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement or
any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the Buyer. 

16 

f. Notices. All notices, demands,
requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise
specified herein, shall be transmitted by e-mail, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have
specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be
deemed effective upon delivery by e-mail, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting machine, at the address or number
designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first
business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to
be received). The addresses for such communications shall be: 

If to the Company, to: 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

520 White Plains Road, Suite 500 

Tarrytown, New York 10591 

Attention: Sean Folkson 

e-mail: sean@nightfood.com 

If to the Buyer: 

MAST HILL FUND, L.P. 

48 Parker Road 

Wellesley, MA 02482 

e-mail: admin@masthillfund.com 

g. Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns. The Company
shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Buyer. The Buyer may assign
its rights hereunder to any accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act) in a private transaction from
the Buyer or to any of its affiliates, as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Company. 

h. Third
Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and
assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person. 

i. Survival. 
The representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall survive the closing
hereunder notwithstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer. The Company agrees to indemnify and
hold harmless the Buyer and all their officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related to
any breach or alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement or any
of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred. 

j. Publicity. 
The Company, and the Buyer shall have the right to review a reasonable period of time before issuance of any press releases, SEC, Principal
Market or FINRA filings, or any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby; provided , however ,
that the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the Buyer, to make any press release or SEC, Principal Market (or other
applicable trading market) or FINRA filings with respect to such transactions as is required by applicable law and regulations (although
the Buyer shall be consulted by the Company in connection with any such press release prior to its release and shall be provided with
a copy thereof and be given an opportunity to comment thereon). 

k. Further
Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute
and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to
carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

l. No
Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their
mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. 

17 

m. Indemnification .
In consideration of the Buyer s execution and delivery of this Agreement and acquiring the Securities hereunder, and in addition
to all of the Company s other obligations under this Agreement or the Note, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold
harmless the Buyer and its stockholders, partners, members, officers, directors, employees and direct or indirect investors and any of
the foregoing persons agents or other representatives (including, without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement) (collectively, the Indemnitees from and against any and all actions, causes of action,
suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether
any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys 
fees and disbursements (the Indemnified Liabilities ), incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, or arising out of, or relating
to (a) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company in this Agreement, the Note or any other
agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (b) any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation
of the Company contained in this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or
thereby or (c) any cause of action, suit or claim brought or made against such Indemnitee by a third party (including for these purposes
a derivative action brought on behalf of the Company) and arising out of or resulting from (i) the execution, delivery, performance or
enforcement of this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii)
any transaction financed or to be financed in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance of the Securities,
or (iii) the status of the Buyer or holder of the Securities as an investor in the Company pursuant to the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall make
the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities that is permissible under applicable law. 

n. Remedies. 
The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by vitiating the intent
and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations
under this Agreement, the Note, the Warrants, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby
will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Agreement, the Note,
the Warrants, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, that the Buyer shall be entitled,
in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction
or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Agreement, the Note, the Warrants, or any other agreement, certificate,
instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof and thereof, without
the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. 

o. Payment
Set Aside . To the extent that the (i) Company makes a payment or payments to the Buyer hereunder, pursuant to the Note, pursuant to
the Warrants, or pursuant to any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, or (ii) the Buyer
enforces or exercises its rights hereunder, pursuant to the Note, pursuant to the Warrants, or pursuant to any other agreement, certificate,
instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or
any part thereof (including but not limited to the sale of the Securities) are for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to
be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, or disgorged by the Buyer, or (ii) are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise
restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver, government entity, or any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation,
any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then (i) to the extent of any such restoration
the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such
payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred and (ii) the Company shall immediately pay to the Buyer a dollar
amount equal to the amount that was for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside,
recovered from, or disgorged by the Buyer, or (ii) required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver,
government entity, or any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal
law, common law or equitable cause of action). 

p. Failure
or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Buyer in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies of the Buyer existing hereunder are cumulative to,
and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Buyer and the
Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 SEAN FOLKSON 

Title: 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

MAST HILL FUND, L.P. 

By: 

Name: 
 PATRICK HASSANI 

Title: 
 CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER 

SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT: 

Principal Amount of Note: 160,941.18 
 
 Actual Amount of Purchase Price of Note: 136,800.00 

19 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF NOTE 

[attached hereto] 

20 

EXHIBIT B 

PIGGY-BACK REGISTRATION
RIGHTS 

All of the Conversion Shares
and Exercise Shares shall be deemed Registrable Securities subject to the provisions of this Exhibit B. All capitalized
terms used but not defined in this Exhibit B shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Securities Purchase Agreement to which
this Exhibit is attached. 

1. Piggy-Back Registration . 

1.1 Piggy-Back
Rights . If at any time on or after the date of the Closing the Company proposes to file any Registration Statement under the 1933
Act (a Registration Statement with respect to any offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable
or exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for shareholders of the Company for
their account (or by the Company and by shareholders of the Company), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection with
any employee stock option or other benefit plan on Form S-8, (ii) for a dividend reinvestment plan or (iii) in connection with a merger
or acquisition, then the Company shall (x) give written notice of such proposed filing to the holders of Registrable Securities appearing
on the books and records of the Company as such a holder as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before the anticipated
filing date of the Registration Statement, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such Registration
Statement, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, of the offering,
and (y) offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such notice the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Registrable
Securities as such holders may request in writing within three (3) days following receipt of such notice (a Piggy-Back Registration ).
The Company shall cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such registration and shall cause the managing underwriter or underwriters
of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested to be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the
same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities
in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof (with the understanding that the Company shall file the initial prospectus
covering the Buyer s sale of the Registrable Securities at prevailing market prices on the same date that the Registration Statement
is declared effective by the SEC). 

1.2 Withdrawal .
Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holder s request for inclusion of Registrable Securities in any
Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand pursuant to written
contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement.
Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable Securities in connection
with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in Section 1.5 below. 

1.3 The
Company shall notify the holders of Registrable Securities at any time when a prospectus relating to such holder s Registrable Securities
is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, upon discovery that, or upon the happening of any event as a result of which, the prospectus
included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing.
At the request of such holder, the Company shall also prepare, file and furnish to such holder a reasonable number of copies of a supplement
to or an amendment of such prospectus as may be necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of the Registrable Securities,
such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing. The holders of Registrable Securities
shall not to offer or sell any Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement after receipt of such notification until the
receipt of such supplement or amendment. 

1.4 The
Company may request a holder of Registrable Securities to furnish the Company such information with respect to such holder and such holder s
proposed distribution of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement as the
Company may from time to time reasonably request in writing or as shall be required by law or by the SEC in connection therewith, and
such holders shall furnish the Company with such information. 

21 

1.5 All fees and expenses incident to the
performance of or compliance with this Exhibit B by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether or not any Registrable
Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence shall include,
without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Company s
counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the SEC, (B) with respect to filings
required to be made with any trading market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, (C) in compliance with applicable
state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without limitation, fees and
disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the Registrable Securities) and
(D) with respect to any filing that may be required to be made by any broker through which a holder of Registrable Securities
intends to make sales of Registrable Securities with the FINRA, (ii) printing expenses, (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery
expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) 1933 Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such
insurance, (vi) fees and expenses of all other persons or entities retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit B and (vii) reasonable fees and disbursements of a single special counsel for the
holders of Registrable Securities (selected by holders of the majority of the Registrable Securities requesting such registration)
which shall in no event exceed 2,500 in fees. In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses
incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all
salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the
fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required
hereunder. In no event shall the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any holder of Registrable
Securities. 

1.6 The
Company and its successors and assigns shall indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer, each holder of Registrable Securities, the officers,
directors, members, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person
holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each individual or entity who controls
the Buyer or any such holder of Registrable Securities (within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act)
and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally
equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such controlling individual
or entity (each, an Indemnified Party ), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all
losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively,
 Losses ), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
contained in a Registration Statement, any related prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in
any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any such prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or any
state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Exhibit B,
except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based upon information regarding the Buyer
or such holder of Registrable Securities furnished to the Company by such party for use therein. The Company shall notify the Buyer and
each holder of Registrable Securities promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any proceeding arising from or in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit B of which the Company is aware. 

1.7 If the
indemnification under Section 1.6 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless for any
Losses, then the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is appropriate
to reflect the relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted
in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party shall be
determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a
material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by, the
Company or the Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity
to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed
to include any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any proceeding to the extent
such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in Section 1.6 was available to such
party in accordance with its terms. It is agreed that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 1.7
were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations
referred to in the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 1.7, neither the Buyer nor any holder
of Registrable Securities shall be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net proceeds
actually received by such party from the sale of all of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement or related
prospectus exceeds the amount of any damages that such party has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue
statement or omission or alleged omission. 

[End of Exhibit B] 

22 

</EX-10.36>

<EX-10.37>
 3
 f10k2023ex10-37_nightfood.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE WITH MAST HILL FUND, L.P. DATED APRIL 17, 2023

Exhibit 10.37 

THIS
INSTRUMENT CONTAINS AN AFFIDAVIT OF CONFESSION OF JUDGMENT PROVISION WHICH CONSTITUTES A WAIVER OF IMPORTANT RIGHTS BORROWER MAY HAVE
AND ALLOWS THE HOLDER TO OBTAIN A JUDGMENT AGAINST BORROWER WITHOUT ANY FURTHER NOTICE. 

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE THE LEGAL COUNSEL OPINION (AS DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT)),
IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A
OR REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

Principal
 Amount: 160,941.18 
 Issue
 Date: April 17, 2023 
 
 Actual
 Amount of Purchase Price: 136,800.00 

PROMISSORY
NOTE 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED , NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. , a Nevada corporation (hereinafter called the Borrower or the Company (Trading Symbol: NGTF), hereby promises to pay to the order of MAST HILL FUND, L.P. , a Delaware limited partnership, or registered
assigns (the Holder ), in the form of lawful money of the United States of America, the principal sum of 160,941.18, which
amount is the 136,800.00 actual amount of the purchase price (the Consideration hereof plus an original issue discount
in the amount of 24,141.18 (the OID (subject to adjustment herein) (the Principal Amount and to pay interest
on the unpaid Principal Amount hereof at the rate of eight percent (8 (the Interest Rate per annum from the date hereof
(the Issue Date until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise,
as further provided herein. The maturity date shall be twelve (12) months from the Issue Date (the Maturity Date ), and
is the date upon which the Principal Amount, the OID, as well as any accrued and unpaid interest and other fees, shall be due and payable. 

This
Note may not be prepaid or repaid in whole or in part except as otherwise explicitly set forth herein. 

Any
Principal Amount or interest on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of the lesser of (i) sixteen percent
(16 per annum and (ii) the maximum amount permitted by law from the due date thereof until the same is paid Default Interest ).
Interest and Default Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. 

All
payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, of the Borrower (the Common
Stock in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America. All payments shall
be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made in accordance with the provisions of
this Note. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a business day, the same
shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a business day. 

Each
capitalized term used herein, and not otherwise defined, shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in that certain Securities Purchase
Agreement, dated as of the Issue Date, pursuant to which this Note was originally issued (the Purchase Agreement ). As used
in this Note, the term business day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial banks
in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed. As used herein, the term Trading
Day means any day that shares of Common Stock are listed for trading or quotation on the Principal Market (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement), provided, however, that if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on any Principal Market, then any business day. 

This
Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive
rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. 

1 

In
connection with the issuance of this Note, the Borrower issued the Second Warrant (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Second
Warrant to Holder as a commitment fee, provided, however, that the Second Warrant shall, without any further action by either
party thereto, be cancelled and extinguished in its entirety if the Note is fully repaid and satisfied on or prior to the Maturity Date,
subject further to the terms and conditions of this Note. 

The
following terms shall also apply to this Note: 

ARTICLE
I. CONVERSION RIGHTS 

1.1
 Conversion Right. The Holder shall have the right, at any time on or following the date that is six (6) calendar months after
the Issue Date, to convert all or any portion of the then outstanding and unpaid Principal Amount and interest (including any Default
Interest) into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any shares of
capital stock or other securities of the Borrower into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified, at the Conversion
Price (as defined below) determined as provided herein (a Conversion ), by submitting to the Borrower or Borrower s
transfer agent a Notice of Conversion (as defined in this Note) by e-mail dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 11:59 p.m., New
York, New York time; provided, however , that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the a Holder shall not
have the right to convert any portion of this Note, pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such
issuance after conversion as set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, the Holder (together with the Holder s affiliates
(the Affiliates ), and any other Persons (as defined below) acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holder s
Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
(as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and
Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note with respect to which such
determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) conversion of the
remaining, nonconverted portion of this Note beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii)
exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company subject to a limitation on conversion
or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties.
Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1.1, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that
the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination as to any
group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 1.1, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may
rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic or annual report
filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice
by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request
of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Note, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be
4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. Person 
and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an
unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof. The limitations contained
in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Note. The number of Conversion Shares to be issued upon each conversion of
this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined below) by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect
on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Conversion ),
delivered to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent by the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note; provided that the
Notice of Conversion is submitted by e-mail to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York
time on such conversion date (the Conversion Date ). The term Conversion Amount means, with respect to any
conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the Principal Amount of this Note to be converted in such conversion plus (2) at the Holder s
option, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such Principal Amount at the Interest Rate to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at
the Holder s option, Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2). 

2 

1.2 Conversion
Price. 

(a) Calculation
of Conversion Price. The per share conversion price into which Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest)
under this Note shall be convertible into shares of Common Stock hereunder as further described in this Note (the Conversion
Price shall equal 0.10, subject to adjustment as provided in this Note. If at any time the Conversion Price as determined
hereunder for any conversion would be less than the par value of the Common Stock, then at the sole discretion of the Holder, the
Conversion Price hereunder may equal such par value for such conversion and the Conversion Amount for such conversion may be
increased to include Additional Principal, where Additional Principal means such additional amount to be added to the
Conversion Amount to the extent necessary to cause the number of conversion shares issuable upon such conversion to equal the same
number of conversion shares as would have been issued had the Conversion Price not been adjusted by the Holder to the par value
price. Holder shall be entitled to deduct 1,750.00 from the conversion amount in each Notice of Conversion to cover Holder s
fees associated with each Notice of Conversion. All such Conversion Price determinations are to be appropriately adjusted for any
stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, rights offerings, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately
decreases or increases the Common Stock. If the Company, at any time while this Note is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or
otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock
Equivalents, (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of
a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues, in the event of a
reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Company, then the Conversion Price shall be
multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the
Company) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence shall become effective
immediately after the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall
become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Company s subsidiaries which would entitle the holder
thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or
other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof
to receive, Common Stock. 

1.3 Authorized
and Reserved Shares. The Borrower covenants that at all times until the Note is satisfied in full, the Borrower will reserve
from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the
issuance of a number of Conversion Shares equal to the greater of: (a) 6,437,647 shares of Common Stock or (b) the product of (i)
the number of Conversion Shares issuable upon the full conversion of this Note (assuming no payment of Principal Amount or interest)
at the time of such calculation (taking into consideration any adjustments to the Conversion Price as provided in this Note) multiplied
by (ii) four (4) (the Reserved Amount ); provided that for purposes of this Section 1.3, the Company and the Holder
agree and acknowledge that the aforementioned formula in Section 1.3(b) of this Note shall only be in effect on and after the date
that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date. The Borrower represents that upon issuance, the Conversion Shares will be duly
and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. The Borrower (i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer
agent to issue certificates for the Conversion Shares or instructions to have the Conversion Shares issued as contemplated by
Section 1.4(f) hereof, and (ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers and agents who
are charged with the duty of executing stock certificates or cause the Company to electronically issue shares of Common Stock to
execute and issue the necessary certificates for the Conversion Shares or cause the Conversion Shares to be issued as contemplated
by Section 1.4(f) hereof in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Note. 

3 

1.4 Method of Conversion. 

(a) [Intentionally
Omitted] . 

(b) Surrender
of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in accordance
with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid
Principal Amount is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the Principal Amount so converted and
the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower, so as not to
require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, such records of the
Holder shall, prima facie, be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if any portion of this Note is converted as aforesaid, the Holder may not transfer this Note unless the Holder first physically
surrenders this Note to the Borrower, whereupon the Borrower will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new
Note of like tenor, registered as the Holder (upon payment by the Holder of any applicable transfer taxes) may request, representing
in the aggregate the remaining unpaid Principal Amount of this Note. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note,
acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Note, the
unpaid and unconverted Principal Amount of this Note represented by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face
hereof. 

(c) Payment
of Taxes . The Borrower shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the
issue and delivery of shares of Common Stock or other securities or property on conversion of this Note in a name other than that of
the Holder (or in street name), and the Borrower shall not be required to issue or deliver any such shares or other securities or
property unless and until the person or persons (other than the Holder or the custodian in whose street name such shares are to be
held for the Holder s account) requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Borrower the amount of any such tax or
shall have established to the satisfaction of the Borrower that such tax has been paid. 

(d) Delivery
of Common Stock Upon Conversion . Upon receipt by the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent from the Holder of an e-mail of
a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall issue and deliver
or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates for the Conversion Shares (or cause the
electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof) within two (2) Trading Day after such receipt
(the Deadline (and, solely in the case of conversion of the entire unpaid Principal Amount and interest (including
any Default Interest) under this Note, surrender of this Note). If the Company shall fail for any reason or for no reason to issue
to the Holder on or prior to the Deadline a certificate for the number of Conversion Shares or to which the Holder is entitled
hereunder and register such Conversion Shares on the Company s share register or to credit the Holder s balance account
with DTC (as defined below) for such number of Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder s conversion
of this Note (a Conversion Failure ), then, in addition to all other remedies available to the Holder, (i) the Company
shall pay in cash to the Holder on each day after the Deadline and during such Conversion Failure an amount equal to 2.0 of the
product of (A) the sum of the number of Conversion Shares not issued to the Holder on or prior to the Deadline and to which the
Holder is entitled and (B) the closing sale price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the last possible
date which the Company could have issued such Conversion Shares to the Holder without violating this Section 1.4(d); and (ii) the
Holder, upon written notice to the Company, may void all or any portion of such Notice of Conversion; provided that the voiding of
all or any portion of a Notice of Conversion shall not affect the Company s obligations to make any payments which have
accrued prior to the date of such notice. In addition to the foregoing, if on or prior to the Deadline the Company shall fail to
issue and deliver a certificate to the Holder and register such Conversion Shares on the Company s share register or credit
the Holder s balance account with DTC for the number of Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the
Holder s exercise hereunder or pursuant to the Company s obligation pursuant to clause (ii) below, and if on or after
such Trading Day the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction
of a sale by the Holder of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise that the Holder anticipated receiving from the
Company, then the Company shall, within two (2) Trading Days after the Holder s request and in the Holder s discretion,
either (i) pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holder s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and
other reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (the Buy-In
Price ), at which point the Company s obligation to deliver such certificate (and to issue such Conversion Shares) or
credit such Holder s balance account with DTC for such Conversion Shares shall terminate, or (ii) promptly honor its
obligation to deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing such Conversion Shares or credit such Holder s
balance account with DTC and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product
of (A) such number of shares of Common Stock, times (B) the closing sales price of the Common Stock on the date of exercise. Nothing
shall limit the Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to timely deliver
certificates representing the Conversion Shares (or to electronically deliver such Conversion Shares) upon the conversion of this
Note as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

4 

(e) Obligation
of Borrower to Deliver Common Stock. At the time that the Holder submits the Notice of Conversion to the Borrower or
Borrower s transfer agent pursuant to the terms hereof, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the
Conversion Shares issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding Principal Amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest
(including any Default Interest) under this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion, and, unless the Borrower defaults on
its obligations under this Article I, all rights with respect to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith
terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock or other securities, cash or other assets, as herein provided, on such
conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided herein, the Borrower s obligation to issue and
deliver the certificates for the Conversion Shares (or cause the electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares as contemplated by
Section 1.4(f) hereof) shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder to enforce the
same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or any action to
enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation of the Borrower to the holder of record, or any
setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to the
Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in
connection with such conversion. The Conversion Date specified in the Notice of Conversion shall be the Conversion Date so long as
the Notice of Conversion is sent to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time, on
such date. 

(f) Delivery
of Conversion Shares by Electronic Transfer . In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Conversion Shares
issuable upon conversion hereof, provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company DTC Fast
Automated Securities Transfer or Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian programs, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the
provisions contained in Section 1.1 and in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to
electronically transmit the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion hereof to the Holder by crediting the account of
Holder s Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system. 

1.5 Concerning
the Shares . The Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless (i) such shares
are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have
been furnished with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be the Legal Counsel Opinion (as defined in the Purchase Agreement))
to the effect that the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration
or (iii) such shares are sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, or (iv)
such shares are transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise
transfer the shares only in accordance with this Section 1.5 and who is an Accredited Investor (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement). Except as otherwise provided in the Purchase Agreement (and subject to the removal provisions set forth below), until
such time as the Conversion Shares have been registered under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A,
Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can
then be immediately sold, each certificate for the Conversion Shares that has not been so included in an effective registration
statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption that permits removal of the
legend, shall bear a legend substantially in the following form, as appropriate: 

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE THE LEGAL COUNSEL OPINION (AS DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT)),
IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A,
REGULATIONS UNDER SAID ACT, OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

5 

The
legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue to the Holder a certificate for the applicable Conversion Shares
without such legend upon which it is stamped or (as requested by the Holder) issue the applicable Conversion Shares by electronic delivery
by crediting the account of such holder s broker with DTC, if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws: (a)
such Conversion Shares are registered for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be
sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities
as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) the Company or the Holder provides the Legal Counsel Opinion (as contemplated
by and in accordance with Section 4(m) of the Purchase Agreement) to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Conversion Shares
may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected.
The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance. The Holder agrees
to sell all Conversion Shares, including those represented by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance
with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided
by the Holder with respect to the transfer of Conversion Shares pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, Rule 144A,
Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, at the Deadline, notwithstanding that the conditions of Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation
S, or other applicable exemption, as applicable, have been met, it will be considered an Event of Default under this Note. 

1.6 Effect
of Certain Events. 

(a) Effect
of Merger, Consolidation, Etc . At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Borrower, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower with or into any other Person
(as defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall either: (i) be deemed to be an Event of Default pursuant
to which the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition to such transaction an
amount equal to the Default Amount (as defined in this Note) or (ii) be treated pursuant to Section 1.6(b) hereof.
 Person shall mean any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other
entity or organization. 

(b) Adjustment
Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc . If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion of all of
this Note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event,
as a result of which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of
another class or classes of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then
the Holder of this Note shall thereafter have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms
and conditions specified herein and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such
stock, securities or assets which the Holder would have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in
full immediately prior to such transaction (without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case
appropriate provisions shall be made with respect to the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the
provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions for adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares
issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities
or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower shall not effectuate any transaction described in this
Section 1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable, at least thirty (30) days prior written notice (but in any
event at least fifteen (15) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special meeting of shareholders to approve, or if
there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization
or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to convert this Note) and (b) the resulting
successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations of this Section 1.6(b). The above
provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges. 

(c) Adjustment
Due to Distribution. If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to
holders of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend or
distribution to the Borrower s shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary
(i.e., a spin-off)) (a Distribution ), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note
after the date of record for determining shareholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which
would have been payable to the Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been
the holder of such shares of Common Stock on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to such
Distribution. 

6 

(d) Purchase
Rights. If, at any time when all or any portion of this Note is issued and outstanding, the Borrower issues any convertible
securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property (the Purchase Rights pro rata to the
record holders of any class of Common Stock, then the Holder of this Note will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to
such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which such Holder could have acquired if such Holder had held the number of
shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on conversion contained
herein) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights or, if no
such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of
such Purchase Rights. 

(e) Dilutive
Issuance . Except for Exempt Issuances (as defined in this Note) and Reg A Issuances (as defined in this Note), if the Borrower,
at any time while this Note or any amounts due hereunder are outstanding, issues, sells or grants (or has issued, sold or granted as
of the Issue Date, as the case may be) any option to purchase, or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of, or
issues (or has sold or issued, as the case may be, or announces any sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition), any
Common Stock or other securities convertible into, exercisable for, or otherwise entitle any person or entity the right to acquire,
shares of Common Stock (including, without limitation, upon conversion of this Note, and any convertible notes or warrants
outstanding as of or following the Issue Date), in each or any case at an effective price per share that is lower than the then
Conversion Price (such lower price, the Base Conversion Price and such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive
Issuance (it being agreed that if the holder of the Common Stock or other securities so issued shall at any time, whether by
operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to
warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common
Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the Conversion Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for
less than the Conversion Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance), then the Conversion Price shall be reduced, at the option of
the Holder, to a price equal to the Base Conversion Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or other
securities are issued. By way of example, and for the avoidance of doubt, if the Company issues a convertible promissory note
(including but not limited to a Variable Rate Transaction (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)), and the holder of such
convertible promissory note has the right to convert it into Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the
then Conversion Price (including but not limited to a conversion price with a discount that varies with the trading prices of or
quotations for the Common Stock), then the Holder has the right to reduce the Conversion Price to such Base Conversion Price
(including but not limited to a conversion price with a discount that varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the Common
Stock) in perpetuity regardless of whether the holder of such convertible promissory note ever effectuated a conversion at the Base
Conversion Price. In the event of an issuance of securities involving multiple tranches or closings, any adjustment pursuant to this
Section 1.6(e) shall be calculated as if all such securities were issued at the initial closing. Exempt Issuance means
the issuance, vesting and/or exercise of options, warrants, restricted stock, restricted stock units or other common stock purchase
rights issued (or to be issued) to employees, officers or directors of, or consultants or advisors to, the Company for compensatory
purposes pursuant to any stock purchase plan, stock option plan, equity incentive plan or other plan or arrangement approved by the
Board of Directors (or the Compensation Committee thereof) at any time. Reg A Issuances means an issuance of Common
Stock (or units consisting of Common Stock and warrants) pursuant to an offering by the Company under Regulation A so long as the
offering price of each share of Common Stock is equal to or greater than 0.10 (subject to adjustment for any stock split, stock
combination, or other similar transactions; and for the avoidance of doubt, assuming any such warrants have no value), provided,
however, that if an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) occurs at any time, then this Section 1.6(e) of this Note shall apply
to each and every Reg A Issuance on or after the Issue Date as well as the exercise price of any common stock purchase warrants
issued as part of a unit in connection with a Reg A Issuance. 

(f) Notice
of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events
described in Section 1.6 of this Note, the Borrower shall, at its expense and within one (1) business day after the occurrence of
each respective adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price, compute such adjustment or readjustment and prepare and furnish
to the Holder a certificate setting forth (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such time based upon the Dilutive Issuance, (ii) the
number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities or property which at the time would be received upon
conversion of the Note, (iii) the detailed facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based, and (iv) copies of the
documentation (including but not limited to relevant transaction documents) that evidences the adjustment or readjustment. In
addition, the Borrower shall, within one (1) business day after each written request from the Holder, furnish to such Holder a like
certificate setting forth (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such time based upon the Dilutive Issuance, (ii) the number of
shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities or property which at the time would be received upon conversion
of the Note, (iii) the detailed facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based, and (iv) copies of the documentation
(including but not limited to relevant transaction documents) that evidences the adjustment or readjustment. For the avoidance of
doubt, each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events described in Section 1.6 of this Note shall
occur without any action by the Holder and regardless of whether the Borrower complied with the notification provisions in Section
1.6 of this Note. 

7 

1.7 [Intentionally
Omitted] . 

1.8 Status
as Shareholder. Upon submission of a Notice of Conversion by a Holder, (i) the Conversion Shares covered thereby (other than the
Conversion Shares, if any, which cannot be issued because their issuance would exceed such Holder s allocated portion of the
Reserved Amount or Maximum Share Amount) shall be deemed converted into shares of Common Stock and (ii) the Holder s rights as
a Holder of such converted portion of this Note shall cease and terminate, excepting only the right to receive certificates for such
shares of Common Stock and to any remedies provided herein or otherwise available at law or in equity to such Holder because of a
failure by the Borrower to comply with the terms of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Holder has not received
certificates for all shares of Common Stock prior to the tenth (10th) business day after the expiration of the Deadline with respect
to a conversion of any portion of this Note for any reason, then (unless the Holder otherwise elects to retain its status as a
holder of Common Stock by so notifying the Borrower) the Holder shall regain the rights of a Holder of this Note with respect to
such unconverted portions of this Note and the Borrower shall, as soon as practicable, return such unconverted Note to the Holder
or, if the Note has not been surrendered, adjust its records to reflect that such portion of this Note has not been converted. In
all cases, the Holder shall retain all of its rights and remedies for the Borrower s failure to convert this Note. 

1.9 Prepayment. At
any time prior to the date that an Event of Default occurs under this Note, the Borrower shall have the right, exercisable on three
(3) Trading Days prior written notice to the Holder of the Note, to prepay the outstanding Principal Amount and interest then due
under this Note in accordance with this Section 1.9. Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an Optional Prepayment
Notice shall be delivered to the Holder of the Note at its registered addresses and shall state: (1) that the Borrower is
exercising its right to prepay the Note, and (2) the date of prepayment which shall be three (3) Trading Days from the date of the
Optional Prepayment Notice (the Optional Prepayment Date ). If the date of the Holder s receipt of the Optional
Prepayment Notice is on or following the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date, then the Holder shall have the
right, during the period beginning on the date of Holder s receipt of the Optional Prepayment Notice and until the
Holder s actual receipt of the full prepayment amount on the Optional Prepayment Date, to instead convert all or any portion
of the Note pursuant to the terms of this Note, including the amount of this Note to be prepaid by the Borrower in accordance with
this Section 1.9. On the Optional Prepayment Date, the Borrower shall make payment of the amounts designated below to or upon the
order of the Holder as specified by the Holder in writing to the Borrower. If the Borrower exercises its right to prepay the Note in
accordance with this Section 1.9, the Borrower shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum of: (w) 100 
multiplied by the Principal Amount then outstanding plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the Principal Amount to the
Optional Prepayment Date plus (y) 750.00 to reimburse Holder for administrative fees. 

If
the Borrower delivers an Optional Prepayment Notice and fails to pay the applicable prepayment amount due to the Holder of the Note as
provided in this Section 1.9, then the Borrower shall forever forfeit its right to prepay any part of the Note pursuant to this Section
1.9. 

1.10 Repayment
from Proceeds . If, at any time prior to the full repayment or full conversion of all amounts owed under this Note, the Company
receives cash proceeds of more than 650,000 (the Minimum Threshold in the aggregate (for the avoidance of doubt,
each time that the Company receives cash proceeds on or after the Issue Date (except with respect to this Note), such amount shall
be aggregated together for purposes of calculating the Minimum Threshold) from any source or series of related or unrelated sources
from the issuance of equity (excluding the conversion of outstanding warrants of the Company), debt or the issuance of securities
pursuant to an Equity Line of Credit (as defined in this Note)) of the Borrower, the Borrower shall, within three (3) business days
of Borrower s receipt of such proceeds, inform the Holder of or publicly disclose such receipt, following which the Holder
shall have the right in its sole discretion to require the Borrower to immediately apply up to 50 of such proceeds after the
Minimum Threshold to repay all or any portion of the outstanding Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) then
due under this Note. Failure of the Borrower to comply with this provision shall constitute an Event of Default. Equity Line
of Credit shall mean any transaction involving a written agreement between the Company and an investor or underwriter whereby
the Company has the right to put its Common Stock to the investor or underwriter over an agreed period of time and at
an agreed price or price formula (such Common Stock must be registered pursuant to a registration statement of the Company for the
investor s or underwriter s resale). Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 1.10 of this Note shall not apply to
any revenue from the sale of goods in the ordinary course. 

8 

ARTICLE
II. RANKING AND CERTAIN COVENANTS 

2.1 Ranking
and Security . This Note shall have priority over all unsecured indebtedness (other than trade payables) of the
Borrower. 

2.2 Other
Indebtedness . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not (directly or indirectly
through any Subsidiary or affiliate) incur or suffer to exist or guarantee any unsecured indebtedness (other than trade payables)
that is senior to or pari passu with (in priority of payment and performance) the Borrower s obligations hereunder. 

2.3 Distributions
on Capital Stock. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the
Holder s written consent pay, declare or set apart for such payment, any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash,
property or other securities) on shares of capital stock other than dividends on shares of Common Stock solely in the form of
additional shares of Common Stock. 

2.4 Restriction
on Stock Repurchases and Debt Repayments. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall
not without the Holder s written consent redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire (whether for cash or in exchange for property
or other securities or otherwise) in any one transaction or series of related transactions any shares of capital stock of the
Borrower or any warrants, rights or options to purchase or acquire any such shares, or repay any pari passu or subordinated
indebtedness of Borrower. 

2.5 Sale
of Assets. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s
written consent, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets outside the ordinary course of business.
Any consent by the Holder to the disposition of any assets may be conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds of
disposition. 

2.6 Advances
and Loans; Affiliate Transactions. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not,
without the Holder s written consent, lend money, give credit or make advances to any person, firm, joint venture or
corporation, including, without limitation, officers, directors, employees, subsidiaries and affiliates of the Borrower, except
loans, credits or advances (a) in existence or committed on the Issue Date and which the Borrower has informed Holder in writing
prior to the Issue Date, (b) in regard to transactions with unaffiliated third parties, made in the ordinary course of business or
(c) in regard to transactions with unaffiliated third parties, not in excess of 100,000. So long as the Borrower shall have any
obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s written consent, repay any affiliate (as defined in
Rule 144) of the Borrower in connection with any indebtedness or accrued amounts owed to any such party. 

2.7 Section
3(a)(9) or 3(a)(10) Transaction . So long as this Note is outstanding, the Borrower shall not enter into any transaction or
arrangement structured in accordance with, based upon, or related or pursuant to, in whole or in part, either Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act (a 3(a)(9) Transaction or Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act (a 3(a)(10)
Transaction ). In the event that the Borrower does enter into, or makes any issuance of Common Stock related to a 3(a)(9)
Transaction or a 3(a)(10) Transaction while this note is outstanding, a liquidated damages charge of 25 of the outstanding
principal balance of this Note, but not less than 25,000, will be assessed and will become immediately due and payable to the
Holder at its election in the form of a cash payment or added to the balance of this Note (under Holder s and Borrower s
expectation that this amount will tack back to the Issue Date). This Section 2.7 shall not apply to the Company s existing
convertible notes issued prior to the Issue Date. 

2.8 Preservation
of Business and Existence, etc . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not,
without the Holder s written consent, (a) change the nature of its business; (b) sell, divest, change the structure of any
material assets other than in the ordinary course of business; (c) enter into a Variable Rate Transaction; or (d) enter into any
merchant cash advance transactions. In addition, so long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower
shall maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its existence, rights and privileges, and
become or remain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries (other than dormant Subsidiaries that have no or minimum assets) to become or
remain, duly qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or
in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary. 

9 

2.9 Noncircumvention .
The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate or Articles of Incorporation or
Bylaws, or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note,
and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required to protect the
rights of the Holder. 

2.10 Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Note . Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft,
destruction or mutilation of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the
Holder to the Company in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company
shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Note. 

ARTICLE
III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

It
shall be considered an event of default if any of the following events listed in this Article III (each, an Event of Default shall occur: 

3.1 Failure
to Pay Principal or Interest. The Borrower fails to pay the Principal Amount hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note,
whether at maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, or fails to fully comply with Section 1.10 of this Note (provided, however,
that such failure to fully comply with Section 1.10 of this Note shall be subject to a five (5) calendar day cure
period). 

3.2 Conversion
and the Shares. The Borrower (i) fails to issue Conversion Shares to the Holder (or announces or threatens in writing that it
will not honor its obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the
terms of this Note, (ii) fails to transfer or cause its transfer agent to transfer (issue) (electronically or in certificated form)
any certificate for the Conversion Shares issuable to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when
required by this Note, (iii) fails to reserve the Reserved Amount at all times on and after the earlier of (i) the date that an
Event of Default occurs under this Note and (ii) the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date, (iv) the Borrower
directs its transfer agent not to transfer or delays, impairs, and/or hinders its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)
(electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for the Conversion Shares issuable to the Holder upon conversion of or
otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, or fails to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove
or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer
instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Conversion Shares issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise
pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note (or makes any written announcement, statement or threat that it does not
intend to honor the obligations described in this paragraph) and any such failure shall continue uncured (or any written
announcement, statement or threat not to honor its obligations shall not be rescinded in writing) for two (2) Trading Days after the
Holder shall have delivered a Notice of Conversion, and/or (v) fails to remain current in its obligations to its transfer agent
(including but not limited to payment obligations to its transfer agent). It shall be an Event of Default of this Note, if a
conversion of this Note is delayed, hindered or frustrated due to a balance owed by the Borrower to its transfer agent. If at the
option of the Holder, the Holder advances any funds to the Borrower s transfer agent in order to process a conversion, such
advanced funds shall be added to the principal balance of the Note. 

3.3 Breach
of Agreements and Covenants. The Borrower breaches any material covenant, agreement, or other material term or condition
contained in the Purchase Agreement, this Note, Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, Warrant (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement), or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith or
therewith. 

3.4 Breach
of Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made in the Purchase Agreement, this Note,
Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, Warrant, or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or
in connection herewith or therewith shall be false or misleading in any material respect when made. 

10 

3.5 Receiver
or Trustee. The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply for
or consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such a
receiver or trustee shall otherwise be appointed. 

3.6 Judgments. 
Any money judgment, writ or similar process shall be entered or filed against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower or any
of its property or other assets for more than 100,000, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty (20)
days unless otherwise consented to by the Holder, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. 

3.7 Bankruptcy. 
Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief under
any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the
Borrower. 

3.8 Failure
to Comply with the 1934 Act. At any time after the Issue Date, the Borrower shall fail to comply with the reporting requirements
of the 1934 Act (subject to a five Trading Day right to cure) and/or the Borrower shall cease to be subject to the reporting
requirements of the 1934 Act. 

3.9
 Liquidation. Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business. 

3.10 Cessation
of Operations. Any cessation of operations by Borrower or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts as
such debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrower s ability to continue as a going
concern shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due. 

3.11 Maintenance
of Assets. The failure by Borrower to maintain any material intellectual property rights, personal, real property or other
assets which are necessary to conduct its business (whether now or in the future). 

3.12 Financial
Statement Restatement. The restatement of any financial statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC for any date or period
from two years prior to the Issue Date of this Note and until this Note is no longer outstanding unless the Borrower restates such
financial statements within fifteen (15) calendar days after the date that the Borrower discloses its need to restate such financial
statements in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

3.13 Replacement
of Transfer Agent. In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide, prior
to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the
Reserved Amount) signed by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower. 

3.14 Cross-Default .
The declaration of an event of default by any lender or other extender of credit to the Company under any notes, loans, agreements
or other instruments of the Company evidencing any indebtedness of the Company (including those filed as exhibits to or described in
the Company s filings with the SEC), after the passage of all applicable notice and cure or grace periods. 

3.15 Variable
Rate Transactions . The Borrower consummates a Variable Rate Transaction at any time on or after the Issue Date. 

3.16 Inside
Information . Any attempt by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates to transmit, convey, disclose, or any
actual transmittal, conveyance, or disclosure by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates of, material non-public
information concerning the Borrower, to the Holder or its successors and assigns, which is not immediately cured by Borrower s
filing of a Form 8-K pursuant to Regulation FD on that same date. 

3.17 Unavailability
of Rule 144 . If, at any time on or after the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date, the Holder is unable to
obtain a standard 144 legal opinion letter from an attorney in order to facilitate the Holder s conversion of
any portion of the Note into free trading shares of the Borrower s Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144. 

11 

3.18 Delisting,
Suspension, or Quotation of Trading of Common Stock . If, at any time on or after the Issue Date, the Borrower s Common
Stock (i) is suspended from trading, (ii) halted from trading, and/or (iii) fails to be quoted or listed (as applicable) on a
Principal Market. 

3.19 Market
Capitalization . The Borrower fails to maintain a market capitalization of at least 4,000,000 on any Trading Day, which shall
be calculated by multiplying (i) the closing price of the Borrower s common stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the
respective date of calculation by (ii) the total shares of the Borrower s common stock issued and outstanding on the Trading
Day immediately preceding the respective date of calculation. 

3.20 Rights
and Remedies Upon an Event of Default . Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default specified in this Article III, the Holder
shall no longer be required to cancel and extinguish the Second Warrant under any circumstances, this Note shall become immediately
due and payable, and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the
Principal Amount then outstanding plus accrued interest (including any Default Interest) through the date of full repayment
multiplied by 150 (collectively the Default Amount ), as well as all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees
and expenses, of collection, all without demand, presentment or notice, all of which hereby are expressly waived by the Borrower.
Holder may, in its sole discretion, determine to accept payment part in Common Stock and part in cash. For purposes of payments in
Common Stock, the conversion formula set forth in Section 1.2 shall apply as well as all other provisions of this Note. The Holder
shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity. 

Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default, and in addition to any other right or remedy of the Holder hereunder, under the related transaction
documents, or otherwise at law or in equity, the Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes and empowers Holder or its legal counsel, each
as the Borrower s attorney-in-fact, to appear ex parte and with notice to the Borrower to confess judgment against the Borrower
for the unpaid amount of this Note. The judgment shall set forth the amount then due hereunder, plus attorney s fees and cost of
suit, and to release all errors, and waive all rights of appeal. The Borrower waives the right to contest Holder s rights under
this section, including without limitation the right to any stay of execution and the benefit of all exemption laws now or hereafter
in effect. No single exercise of the foregoing right and power to confess judgment will be deemed to exhaust such power, whether or not
any such exercise shall be held by any court to be invalid, voidable, or void, and such power shall continue undiminished and may be
exercised from time to time as the Holder may elect until all amounts owing on this Note have been paid in full. The Borrower shall provide
a signed and notarized copy of the of the affidavit of confession of judgment attached hereto as Exhibit B on or before
the Closing Date. 

ARTICLE
IV. MISCELLANEOUS 

4.1 Failure
or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude
other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies of the Holder existing
hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. 

4.2 Notices. 
All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing
and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be transmitted by e-mail, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as
such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given
hereunder shall be deemed effective upon delivery by e-mail, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting machine, at
the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be
received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours
where such notice is to be received). The addresses for such communications shall be: 

If
to the Borrower, to: 

NIGHTFOOD
HOLDINGS, INC. 

 520
White Plains Road, Suite 500 

 Tarrytown,
New York 10591 

 Attention:
Sean Folkson 

 e-mail:
sean@nightfood.com 

12 

If
to the Holder: 

MAST
HILL FUND, L.P. 

 48
Parker Road 

 Wellesley,
MA 02482 

 e-mail:
admin@masthillfund.com 

4.3 Amendments. This
Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder. The term
 Note and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument as originally executed,
or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented. 

4.4 Assignability. This
Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its
successors and assigns. Neither the Borrower nor the Holder shall assign this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder without
the prior written consent of the other. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holder may assign its rights hereunder to any
 accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act) in a private transaction from the Holder or to any of
its affiliates , as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Borrower. Notwithstanding
anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note may be pledged as collateral in connection with a bona fide margin account or other
lending arrangement. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that following conversion of a
portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note represented by this Note may be less than the amount
stated on the face hereof. 

4.5 Cost
of Collection. If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection,
including reasonable attorneys fees. 

4.6 Governing
Law; Venue; Attorney s Fees. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
Nevada without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the
transactions contemplated by this Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be
brought only in the state courts located in the State of Nevada or federal courts located in the State of Nevada. The Borrower
hereby irrevocably waives any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any
defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . THE BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES
ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH
OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of
process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Note or any other agreement,
certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or
overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees
that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be
deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. The prevailing party in any action or
dispute brought in connection with this the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or
thereby shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. 

4.7 Certain
Amounts. Whenever pursuant to this Note the Borrower is required to pay an amount in excess of the outstanding Principal Amount
(or the portion thereof required to be paid at that time) plus accrued and unpaid interest plus Default Interest on such interest,
the Borrower and the Holder agree that the actual damages to the Holder from the receipt of cash payment on this Note may be
difficult to determine and the amount to be so paid by the Borrower represents stipulated damages and not a penalty and is intended
to compensate the Holder in part for loss of the opportunity to convert this Note and to earn a return from the sale of shares of
Common Stock acquired upon conversion of this Note at a price in excess of the price paid for such shares pursuant to this Note. The
Borrower and the Holder hereby agree that such amount of stipulated damages is not plainly disproportionate to the possible loss to
the Holder from the receipt of a cash payment without the opportunity to convert this Note into shares of Common Stock. 

13 

4.8 Purchase
Agreement. The Company and the Holder shall be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement and the documents entered
into in connection herewith and therewith. 

4.9 Notice
of Corporate Events. Except as otherwise provided below, the Holder of this Note shall have no rights as a Holder of Common
Stock unless and only to the extent that it converts this Note into Common Stock. The Borrower shall provide the Holder with prior
notification of any meeting of the Borrower s shareholders (and copies of proxy materials and other information sent to
shareholders). In the event of any taking by the Borrower of a record of its shareholders for the purpose of determining
shareholders who are entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or
otherwise acquire (including by way of merger, consolidation, reclassification or recapitalization) any share of any class or any
other securities or property, or to receive any other right, or for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to vote
in connection with any change in control or any proposed liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Borrower, the Borrower shall
mail a notice to the Holder, at least twenty (20) days prior to the record date specified therein (or thirty (30) days prior to the
consummation of the transaction or event, whichever is earlier), of the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose
of such dividend, distribution, right or other event, and a brief statement regarding the amount and character of such dividend,
distribution, right or other event to the extent known at such time. The Borrower shall make a public announcement of any event
requiring notification to the Holder hereunder substantially simultaneously with the notification to the Holder in accordance with
the terms of this Section 4.9. 

4.10 Remedies. 
The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by vitiating
the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at law for a
breach of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the
Borrower of the provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in
equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any
breach of this Note and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and
without any bond or other security being required. 

4.11 Construction;
Headings . This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and all the Holder and shall not be construed against
any person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect
the interpretation of, this Note. 

4.12 Usury .
To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and
will resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time
hereafter in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Holder in order to enforce any right or
remedy under this Note. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Note, it is expressly agreed and provided
that the total liability of the Company under this Note for payments which under the applicable law are in the nature of interest
shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate ), and, without limiting the
foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums which
under the applicable law in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under this Note exceed such Maximum
Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by applicable law and applicable to this Note is increased
or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the Issue Date, the new maximum contract rate of interest
allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to this Note from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is
precluded by applicable law. If under any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to
the Holder with respect to indebtedness evidenced by this the Note, such excess shall be applied by the Holder to the unpaid
principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at the
Holder s election. 

4.13 Severability. 
In the event that any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law (including any
judicial ruling), then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed
modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Note. 

4.14 Dispute
Resolution . In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount
or Default Amount, Issue, Closing or Maturity Date, the closing bid price, or fair market value (as the case may be) or the
arithmetic calculation of the Conversion Price or the applicable prepayment amount(s) (as the case may be), the Borrower or the
Holder shall submit the disputed determinations or arithmetic calculations via electronic mail (i) within two (2) Trading Days after
receipt of the applicable notice giving rise to such dispute to the Borrower or the Holder or (ii) if no notice gave rise to such
dispute, at any time after the Holder learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Borrower are
unable to agree upon such determination or calculation within two (2) Trading Days of such disputed determination or arithmetic
calculation (as the case may be) being submitted to the Borrower or the Holder, then the Borrower shall, within two (2) Trading
Days, submit (a) the disputed determination of the Conversion Price, the closing bid price, the or fair market value (as the case
may be) to an independent, reputable investment bank selected by the Borrower and approved by the Holder or (b) the disputed
arithmetic calculation of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount or Default Amount, to an independent,
outside accountant selected by the Holder that is reasonably acceptable to the Borrower. The Borrower shall cause at its expense the
investment bank or the accountant to perform the determinations or calculations and notify the Borrower and the Holder of the
results no later than two (2) Trading Days from the time it receives such disputed determinations or calculations. Such investment
bank s or accountant s determination or calculation shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable
error. 

[signature
page follows] 

14 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer on April 17, 2023. 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Name: Sean Folkson 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

15 

EXHIBIT
A NOTICE OF CONVERSION 

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert principal amount of the Note (defined below) into that number of shares of Common Stock
to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note Common Stock as set forth below, of NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. ,
a Nevada corporation (the Borrower ), according to the conditions of the promissory note of the Borrower dated as of April
17, 2023 (the Note ), as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion, except for
transfer taxes, if any. 

Box
Checked as to applicable instructions: 

The
 Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned
 or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system DWAC Transfer ). 

Name
 of DTC Prime Broker: 

Account
 Number: 

The
 undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock set forth
 below (which numbers are based on the Holder s calculation attached hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if
 additional space is necessary, on an attachment hereto: 

Date of Conversion: 

Applicable Conversion Price: 

Number of Shares of Common Stock to be 
Issued Pursuant to Conversion of the Note: 

Amount of Principal Balance Due remaining 
Under the Note after this conversion: 

By: 

 Name: 

 Title: 

Date: 

A- 1 

EXHIBIT
B CONFESSION OF JUDGMENT 

(see
attached) 

B- 1 

Affidavit
of Confession of Judgment 

STATE OF NEVADA 

----------------------------------------------------------------------- X 

MAST HILL FUND, L.P., 

Index No. 
 
 Plaintiff, 

AFFIDAVIT OF CONFESSION OF 
 
 - against - 
 JUDGMENT 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., 

Defendant. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------- X 

STATE OF NEVADA 
 ss.: 

Sean
Folkson, being duly sworn, hereby deposes and says: 

1.
I am the Chief Executive Officer of defendant NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation Borrower ). As such, I am
fully familiar with all the facts and circumstances recited herein on personal knowledge. Borrower has its principal place of
business at 520 White Plains Road, Suite 500, Tarrytown, New York 10591. On behalf of the Borrower, I hereby confess judgment in
favor of MAST HILL FUND, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Mast Hill ), with its address at 48 Parker Road,
Wellesley, MA 02482, in the amount of 160,941.18, less any payments made on or after the date of this affidavit of confession of
judgment, plus Default Interest (as defined in the Note (as defined herein)) on said amount and all other applicable penalties under
the Note. In no event shall interest payable hereunder exceed the maximum permissible under applicable law. 

2.
I hereby authorize the federal courts and/or state courts located in the State of Nevada to enter judgment against Borrower in the
amount of in the amount of 160,941.18, less any payments made on or after the date of this affidavit of confession of judgment,
plus Default Interest on said amount and all other applicable penalties under the Note, plus the costs and attorneys fees
that are set forth below, less any payments made on or after the date of this affidavit of confession of judgment, upon
Borrower s failure for any reason to timely make any payment to Mast Hill called for by the promissory note between of the
parties, dated April 17, 2023 (the Note ), due to the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) under
the Note. 

B- 2 

3.
In order to secure these obligations, Borrower agreed to simultaneously deliver with the execution of the Note this Affidavit of
Confession of Judgment. 

4.
The sums confessed pursuant to this affidavit of confession of judgment are justly due and owing to Mast Hill under the following
circumstances: Borrower entered into the Note pursuant to which Borrower promised to pay to the order of Mast Hill the principal sum
of 160,941.18 plus interest as provided for therein. The amounts confessed by this affidavit represent a promissory note investment
by Mast Hill in Borrower and arise out of Borrower s breach of its obligations under the Note. 

5.
Borrower agrees to pay any and all costs and expenses incurred by Mast Hill in enforcing the terms of this affidavit of confession
of judgment, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses at the rate of 475.00 per hour that Mast Hill incurs or is
billed for in connection with enforcing the terms of the affidavit of confession of judgment, entering any Judgment, collecting upon
said Judgment, and defending or prosecuting any appeals. 

[signature
page to follow] 

B- 3 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Name: Sean Folkson 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

STATE
OF ______________ 

 ss.: 

 COUNTY
OF ______________ 

ACKNOWLEDGMENT 

On
__________, 2023 before me personally came ________________________________________, to me known, who, by me duly sworn, did depose and
say that deponent is an officer of NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., the corporation described in, and which executed the foregoing affidavit
of confession of judgment, and that deponent signed deponent s name by like order. 

Notary Public 

[Signature
Page to Affidavit of Confession of Judgment] 

B- 4 

</EX-10.37>

<EX-10.38>
 4
 f10k2023ex10-38_nightfood.htm
 FIRST COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT WITH MAST HILL FUND, L.P. DATED APRIL 17, 2023

Exhibit 10.38 

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES
AS TO WHICH THIS SECURITY MAY BE EXERCISED HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION
OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT. THIS SECURITY AND THE
SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED
BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

 NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS,
INC. 

Warrant Shares: 1,790,000 

 Date of Issuance: April 17, 2023 Issuance
Date 

This COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant certifies that, for value received (in connection with the issuance of the promissory
note in the principal amount of 160,941.18 to the Holder (as defined below) of even date) (the Note ), Mast Hill Fund, L.P.,
a Delaware limited partnership (including any permitted and registered assigns, the Holder ), is entitled, upon the
terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date of issuance
hereof, to purchase from NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), 1,790,000 shares of Common
Stock (the Warrant Shares (whereby such number may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions
of this Warrant) at the Exercise Price per share then in effect. This Warrant is issued by the Company as of the date hereof in connection
with that certain securities purchase agreement dated April 17, 2023, by and among the Company and the Holder (the Purchase
Agreement ). 

Capitalized
terms used in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless otherwise defined in the body of this Warrant
or in Section 12 below. For purposes of this Warrant, the term Exercise Price shall mean 0.10, subject to adjustment as
provided herein (including but not limited to cashless exercise), and the term Exercise Period shall mean the period commencing
on the Issuance Date and ending on 5:00 p.m. eastern standard time on the five-year anniversary thereof. 

1. EXERCISE OF WARRANT . 

(a) Mechanics
of Exercise . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised in whole or in part
at any time or times during the Exercise Period by delivery of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the
 Exercise Notice ), of the Holder s election to exercise this Warrant. The Holder shall not be required to deliver
the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of
the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable
hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. On or before the second Trading Day (the Warrant
Share Delivery Date following the date on which the Holder sent the Exercise Notice to the Company or the Company s
transfer agent, and upon receipt by the Company of payment to the Company of an amount equal to the applicable Exercise Price multiplied
by the number of Warrant Shares as to which all or a portion of this Warrant is being exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price 
and together with the Exercise Notice, the Exercise Delivery Documents in cash or by wire transfer of immediately
available funds (or by cashless exercise, in which case there shall be no Aggregate Exercise Price provided), the Company shall (or direct
its transfer agent to) issue and deliver by overnight courier to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice, a certificate, registered
in the Company s share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the
Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise (or deliver such shares of Common Stock in electronic format if requested by the Holder).
Upon delivery of the Exercise Delivery Documents, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record
of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the certificates
evidencing such Warrant Shares. If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise and the number of Warrant Shares represented
by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired upon an exercise, then the Company
shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three business days after any exercise and at its own expense, issue a new Warrant
(in accordance with Section 6) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares purchasable immediately prior to such exercise
under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. 

If the Company
fails to cause its transfer agent to issue to the Holder the respective shares of Common Stock by the respective Warrant Share Delivery
Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise in Holder s sole discretion in addition to all other rights and
remedies at law, under this Warrant, or otherwise, and such failure shall also be deemed an event of default under the Note, a material
breach under this Warrant, and a material breach under the Purchase Agreement. 

If the Market
Price of one share of Common Stock is greater than the Exercise Price, then the Holder may elect to receive Warrant Shares pursuant to
a cashless exercise, in lieu of a cash exercise, equal to the value of this Warrant determined in the manner described below (or of any
portion thereof remaining unexercised) by surrender of this Warrant and an Exercise Notice, in which event the Company shall issue to
Holder a number of Common Stock computed using the following formula: 

X = Y (A-B) 

 A 

Where X = 
 the number of Shares to be issued to Holder. 

Y = 
 the number of Warrant Shares that the Holder elects to purchase under this Warrant (at the date of such
calculation). 

A = 
 the Market
Price (at the date of such calculation). 

B = 
 Exercise Price
(as adjusted to the date of such calculation). 

(b) No
Fractional Shares . No fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant as a consequence of any adjustment pursuant
hereto. All Warrant Shares (including fractions) issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may be aggregated for purposes of determining
whether the exercise would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after aggregation, the exercise would result in the issuance
of a fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuance of any fractional share, pay the Holder otherwise entitled to such fraction
a sum in cash equal to the product resulting from multiplying the then-current fair market value of a Warrant Share by such fraction. 

(c) Holder s
Exercise Limitations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not effect any exercise of this
Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise, to the extent
that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Exercise Notice, the Holder (together with the
Holder s affiliates (the Affiliates ), and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the
Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the
Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect
to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise
of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties
and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without
limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained
herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence,
for purposes of this Section 1(c), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules
required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined
in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section
1(c), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B)
a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Company s transfer agent
setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within
two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company,
including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock
outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor
holder of this Warrant. 

(d) Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise . In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Company s transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of this Warrant (including but not limited to Section 1(a) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the respective Warrant Share Delivery
Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holder s
brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which
the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In ), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder, within
one (1) business day of Holder s request, the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holder s total purchase price (including brokerage
commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the
Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving
rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent
number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to
the Holder within one (1) business day of Holder s request the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had
the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases, or effectuates
a cashless exercise hereunder for, Common Stock having a total purchase price of 11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted
exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of 10,000, under clause (A) of
the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be required to pay the Holder 1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written
notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount
of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity
including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to
timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

2. ADJUSTMENTS .
The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted from time to time as follows: 

(a) Distribution
of Assets . If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets)
to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including without limitation any distribution of cash,
stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement or other similar
transaction) (a Distribution ), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case: 

(i) any
Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares
of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution shall be reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record date, to a
price determined by multiplying such Exercise Price by a fraction (i) the numerator of which shall be the Closing Sale Price of the shares
of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution (as determined in good faith
by the Company s Board of Directors) applicable to one share of Common Stock, and (ii) the denominator of which shall be the Closing
Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date; and 

(ii) the
number of Warrant Shares shall be increased to a number of shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable immediately
prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive
the Distribution multiplied by the reciprocal of the fraction set forth in the immediately preceding clause (i); provided, however, that
in the event that the Distribution is of shares of common stock of a company (other than the Company) whose common stock is traded on
a national securities exchange or a national automated quotation system Other Shares of Common Stock ), then the
Holder may elect to receive a warrant to purchase Other Shares of Common Stock in lieu of an increase in the number of Warrant Shares,
the terms of which shall be identical to those of this Warrant, except that such warrant shall be exercisable into the number of shares
of Other Shares of Common Stock that would have been payable to the Holder pursuant to the Distribution had the Holder exercised this
Warrant immediately prior to such record date and with an aggregate exercise price equal to the product of the amount by which the exercise
price of this Warrant was decreased with respect to the Distribution pursuant to the terms of the immediately preceding clause (i) and
the number of Warrant Shares calculated in accordance with the first part of this clause (ii). 

(b) Anti-Dilution
Adjustments to Exercise Price . Except with respect to an Exempt Issuance and Reg A Issuance, if the Company or any Subsidiary thereof,
as applicable, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, shall sell or grant any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to
reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common
Stock or securities (including but not limited to Common Stock Equivalents) entitling any person or entity (for purposes of clarification,
including but not limited to the Holder pursuant to (i) any other security of the Company currently held by Holder, (ii) any other security
of the Company issued to Holder on or after the Issuance Date (including but not limited to the Note), or (iii) any other agreement entered
into between the Company and Holder) to acquire shares of Common Stock (upon conversion, exercise or otherwise), at an effective price
per share less than the then Exercise Price (such lower price, the Base Share Price and such issuances collectively, a Dilutive
Issuance (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase
price adjustments, elimination of an applicable floor price for any reason in the future (including but not limited to the passage of
time or satisfaction of certain condition(s)), reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due
to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled or potentially entitled to receive
shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share which is less than the Exercise Price at any time while such Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents are in existence, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the
Dilutive Issuance (regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the
Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) actually converted or exercised at such Base Share Price), then the Exercise Price
shall be reduced at the option of the Holder and only reduced to equal the Base Share Price, and the number of Warrant Shares issuable
hereunder shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder, after taking into account the decrease in the Exercise
Price, shall be equal to the aggregate Exercise Price prior to such adjustment (for the avoidance of doubt, the aggregate Exercise Price
prior to such adjustment is calculated as follows: the total number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant immediately
prior to such adjustment (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) multiplied by the Exercise Price in effect immediately
prior to such adjustment). By way of example, if E is the total number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant immediately
prior to such adjustment (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation), F is the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such adjustment, and G is the Base Share Price, the adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares can be expressed in the following formula:
Total number of Warrant Shares after such Dilutive Issuance = the number obtained from dividing [E x F] by G. Such adjustment shall be
made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued, regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) actually converted or exercised
at such Base Share Price by the holder thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, the Holder may utilize the Base Share Price even if the Company
did not actually issue shares of its common stock at the Base Share Price under the respective Common stock Equivalents). The Company
shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
subject to this Section 2(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion
price and other pricing terms (such notice the Dilutive Issuance Notice ). For purposes of clarification, regardless of whether
(i) the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 2(b) upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance or (ii)
the Holder accurately refers to the number of Warrant Shares or Base Share Price in the Exercise Notice, the Holder is entitled to receive
a number of Warrant Shares based upon the Base Share Price as well as the Base Share Price at all times on and after the date of such
Dilutive Issuance. Exempt Issuance means the issuance, vesting and/or exercise of options, warrants, restricted stock, restricted
stock units or other common stock purchase rights issued (or to be issued) to employees, officers or directors of, or consultants or advisors
to, the Company for compensatory purposes pursuant to any stock purchase plan, stock option plan, equity incentive plan or other plan
or arrangement approved by the Board of Directors (or the Compensation Committee thereof) at any time. Reg A Issuance means
an issuance of Common Stock (or units consisting of Common Stock and warrants) pursuant to an offering by the Company under Regulation
A so long as the offering price of each share of Common Stock is equal to or greater than 0.10 (subject to adjustment for any stock split,
stock combination, or other similar transaction; and for the avoidance of doubt, assuming any such warrants have no value), provided,
however, that if an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) occurs at any time, then this Section 2(b) of this Warrant shall apply to
each and every Reg A Issuance on or after the Issuance Date as well as the exercise price of any common stock purchase warrants issued
as part of a unit in connection with a Reg A Issuance. 

(c) Subdivision
or Combination of Common Stock . If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend,
recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Exercise
Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately
increased. If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or
more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such combination will be proportionately increased and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment
under this Section 2(c) shall become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective.
Each such adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be calculated to the nearest one-hundredth of a cent. Such adjustment shall be made successively
whenever any event covered by this Section 2(c) shall occur. 

3. FUNDAMENTAL
TRANSACTIONS . If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company effects any merger of the Company with or into another
entity and the Company is not the surviving entity (such surviving entity, the Successor Entity ), (ii) the Company
effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or by another individual or entity, and approved by the Company) is completed pursuant to which holders
of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their shares of Common Stock for other securities, cash or property and the holders
of at least 50 of the Common Stock accept such offer, or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other
than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock) (in any such case, a Fundamental Transaction ),
then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive the number of shares of Common Stock of
the Successor Entity or of the Company and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration receivable
upon or as a result of such reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or disposition of assets by a holder of the number
of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such event (disregarding any limitation on exercise
contained herein solely for the purpose of such determination). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price
shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect
of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration
in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common
Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be
given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.
To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any Successor Entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall issue to the
Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holder s right to exercise such warrant into Alternate
Consideration. 

4. NON-CIRCUMVENTION .
The Company covenants and agrees that it will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or through any reorganization,
transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action,
avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at all times in good faith carry out
all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon the exercise of this
Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the
Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii)
shall, beginning on the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issuance Date and continuing for so long as this Warrant is outstanding,
have authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, four (4) times the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Warrants
are then exercisable into to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on
exercise). 

5. WARRANT
HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Warrant, in and of itself, shall not entitle
the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall
be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a
stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

6.
 REISSUANCE . 

(a) Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Warrant . If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company will, on such terms as to indemnity
or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof), issue a new
Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed. 

(b) Issuance
of New Warrants . Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new Warrant shall
be of like tenor with this Warrant, and shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the same as
the Issuance Date. 

7. TRANSFER .
This Warrant shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its
successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the rights, interests or obligations of the Company hereunder
may not be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, by the Company without the prior signed written consent of
the Holder, which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Holder (any such assignment or transfer shall be null and void
if the Company does not obtain the prior signed written consent of the Holder). This Warrant or any of the severable rights and obligations
inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Holder hereunder may be assigned by Holder to a third party, in whole or in part, without
the need to obtain the Company s consent thereto. 

8. NOTICES .
Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance
with the notice provisions contained in the Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice (i) immediately
upon any adjustment of the Exercise Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, the calculation of such adjustment and (ii) at least 20
days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon the
shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any stock or other securities directly or indirectly convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or other property, pro rata to the holders of shares of Common Stock or
(C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that
such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to the Holder. 

9. AMENDMENT
AND WAIVER . The terms of this Warrant may be amended or waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively
or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 

10. GOVERNING
LAW AND VENUE . This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to
principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this
Warrant shall be brought only in the state courts located in the State of Nevada or federal courts located in the State of Nevada. The
parties to this Warrant hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall
not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER
TRANSACTION DOCUMENT ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY .
The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. In the event that any
provision of this Warrant or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute
or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified
to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect
the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process
and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Warrant or any other transaction document
entered into in connection with this Warrant by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence
of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under the Purchase Agreement and agrees that such service shall
constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any
right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

11. ACCEPTANCE . Receipt
of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions contained herein. 

12. CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS . For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a)
[Intentionally Omitted]. 

(b) Closing
Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, (i) the last closing trade price for such security on the Principal Market,
as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or, if the Principal Market begins to
operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to
4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or (ii) if
the foregoing does not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market for such security as reported by Quotestream
or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or (iii) if no last trade price is reported for such security by
Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, the average of the bid and ask prices of any market
makers for such security as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder. If the Closing
Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security
on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. All such determinations to be appropriately
adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period. 

(c) Common
Stock means the Company s common stock, par value 0.001, and any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

(d) Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock,
including without limitation any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

(e) Person 
and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust,
an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof. 

(f) Principal
Market means the principal securities exchange or trading market where such Common Stock is listed or quoted, including but
not limited to any tier of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market), or the NYSE American,
or any successor to such markets. 

(g) Market
Price means the highest traded price of the Common Stock during the one hundred and fifty Trading Days prior to the date of
the respective Exercise Notice. 

(h) Trading
Day means any day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted on its Principal Market, provided, however, that if the Common
Stock is not then listed or quoted on any Principal Market, then any calendar day. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused
this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set forth above. 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

Name: 
 Sean Folkson 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

EXHIBIT A 

EXERCISE NOTICE 

(To be executed by the registered holder to exercise
this Common Stock Purchase Warrant) 

The
Undersigned holder hereby exercises the right to purchase
 of
the shares of Common Stock Warrant Shares of NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Company ),
evidenced by the attached copy of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the Warrant ). Capitalized terms used herein and not
otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant. 

1. Form of Exercise Price . The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as (check one): 

a cash exercise with respect to Warrant Shares; or 

by cashless exercise pursuant to the Warrant. 

2. Payment of Exercise Price . If cash exercise is selected above, the holder shall pay the applicable Aggregate Exercise
 Price in the sum of 
 to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 

3. Delivery of Warrant Shares . The Company shall deliver to the holder Warrant Shares
in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 

Date: 

(Print Name of Registered Holder) 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

A- 1 

EXHIBIT B 

ASSIGNMENT OF WARRANT 

(To be signed only upon authorized transfer of the
Warrant) 

For
Value Received , the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto 
 the right to purchase 
 shares of common stock of NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., to which the within Common Stock Purchase Warrant relates and appoints ,
as attorney-in-fact, to transfer said right on the books of NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. with full power of substitution and re-substitution
in the premises. By accepting such transfer, the transferee has agreed to be bound in all respects by the terms and conditions of the
within Warrant. 

Dated: 

(Signature) 

(Name) 

(Address) 

(Social Security or Tax Identification No.) 

The signature on this Assignment of Warrant must correspond
to the name as written upon the face of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any
change whatsoever. When signing on behalf of a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity, please indicate your position(s) and
title(s) with such entity. 

B-1 

</EX-10.38>

<EX-10.39>
 5
 f10k2023ex10-39_nightfood.htm
 SECOND COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT WITH MAST HILL FUND, L.P. DATED APRIL 17, 2023

Exhibit 10.39 

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES
AS TO WHICH THIS SECURITY MAY BE EXERCISED HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION
OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT. THIS SECURITY AND THE
SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED
BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS,
INC. 

Warrant Shares: 1,820,000 

 Date of Issuance: April 17, 2023 Issuance
Date 

This COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant certifies that, for value received (in connection with the issuance of the promissory
note in the principal amount of 160,941.18 to the Holder (as defined below) of even date) (the Note ), Mast Hill Fund, L.P.,
a Delaware limited partnership (including any permitted and registered assigns, the Holder ), is entitled, upon the
terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date of issuance
hereof, to purchase from NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), 1,820,000 shares of Common
Stock (the Warrant Shares (whereby such number may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions
of this Warrant) at the Exercise Price per share then in effect. This Warrant is issued by the Company as of the date hereof in connection
with that certain securities purchase agreement dated April 17, 2023, by and among the Company and the Holder (the Purchase
Agreement ). For the avoidance of doubt, this Warrant is referred to in the Purchase Agreement as the Second Warrant .
This Warrant is subject to cancellation pursuant to the terms of the Note. 

Capitalized
terms used in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless otherwise defined in the body of this Warrant
or in Section 12 below. For purposes of this Warrant, the term Exercise Price shall mean 0.10, subject to adjustment as
provided herein (including but not limited to cashless exercise), and the term Exercise Period shall mean the period commencing
on the Trigger Date (as defined in this Warrant) and ending on 5:00 p.m. eastern standard time on the date that is five (5) years after
the Trigger Date. 

1. EXERCISE OF WARRANT . 

(a) Mechanics
of Exercise . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised in whole or in part
at any time or times during the Exercise Period by delivery of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the
 Exercise Notice ), of the Holder s election to exercise this Warrant. The Holder shall not be required to deliver
the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of
the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable
hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. On or before the second Trading Day (the Warrant
Share Delivery Date following the date on which the Holder sent the Exercise Notice to the Company or the Company s
transfer agent, and upon receipt by the Company of payment to the Company of an amount equal to the applicable Exercise Price multiplied
by the number of Warrant Shares as to which all or a portion of this Warrant is being exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price 
and together with the Exercise Notice, the Exercise Delivery Documents in cash or by wire transfer of immediately
available funds (or by cashless exercise, in which case there shall be no Aggregate Exercise Price provided), the Company shall (or direct
its transfer agent to) issue and deliver by overnight courier to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice, a certificate, registered
in the Company s share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the
Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise (or deliver such shares of Common Stock in electronic format if requested by the Holder).
Upon delivery of the Exercise Delivery Documents, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record
of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the certificates
evidencing such Warrant Shares. If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise and the number of Warrant Shares represented
by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired upon an exercise, then the Company
shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three business days after any exercise and at its own expense, issue a new Warrant
(in accordance with Section 6) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares purchasable immediately prior to such exercise
under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. 

1 

If the Company
fails to cause its transfer agent to issue to the Holder the respective shares of Common Stock by the respective Warrant Share Delivery
Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise in Holder s sole discretion in addition to all other rights and
remedies at law, under this Warrant, or otherwise, and such failure shall also be deemed an event of default under the Note, a material
breach under this Warrant, and a material breach under the Purchase Agreement. 

If the Market
Price of one share of Common Stock is greater than the Exercise Price, then the Holder may elect to receive Warrant Shares pursuant to
a cashless exercise, in lieu of a cash exercise, equal to the value of this Warrant determined in the manner described below (or of any
portion thereof remaining unexercised) by surrender of this Warrant and an Exercise Notice, in which event the Company shall issue to
Holder a number of Common Stock computed using the following formula: 

X = Y (A-B) 

 A 

Where X 
 = the number of Shares to be issued to Holder. 

Y 
 = the number of Warrant Shares that the Holder elects to purchase under this Warrant (at the date of such
calculation). 

A 
 = the Market
Price (at the date of such calculation). 

B 
 = Exercise Price
(as adjusted to the date of such calculation). 

(b) No
Fractional Shares . No fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant as a consequence of any adjustment pursuant
hereto. All Warrant Shares (including fractions) issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may be aggregated for purposes of determining
whether the exercise would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after aggregation, the exercise would result in the issuance
of a fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuance of any fractional share, pay the Holder otherwise entitled to such fraction
a sum in cash equal to the product resulting from multiplying the then-current fair market value of a Warrant Share by such fraction. 

2 

(c) Holder s
Exercise Limitations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not effect any exercise of this
Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise, to the extent
that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Exercise Notice, the Holder (together with the
Holder s affiliates (the Affiliates ), and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the
Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the
Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect
to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise
of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties
and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without
limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained
herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence,
for purposes of this Section 1(c), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules
required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined
in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section
1(c), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B)
a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Company s transfer agent
setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within
two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company,
including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock
outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor
holder of this Warrant. 

(d) Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise . In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Company s transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of this Warrant (including but not limited to Section 1(a) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the respective Warrant Share Delivery
Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holder s
brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which
the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In ), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder, within
one (1) business day of Holder s request, the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holder s total purchase price (including brokerage
commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the
Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving
rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent
number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to
the Holder within one (1) business day of Holder s request the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had
the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases, or effectuates
a cashless exercise hereunder for, Common Stock having a total purchase price of 11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted
exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of 10,000, under clause (A) of
the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be required to pay the Holder 1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written
notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount
of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity
including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to
timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

3 

2. ADJUSTMENTS .
The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted from time to time as follows: 

(a) Distribution
of Assets . If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets)
to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including without limitation any distribution of cash,
stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement or other similar
transaction) (a Distribution ), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case: 

(i) any
Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares
of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution shall be reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record date, to a
price determined by multiplying such Exercise Price by a fraction (i) the numerator of which shall be the Closing Sale Price of the shares
of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution (as determined in good faith
by the Company s Board of Directors) applicable to one share of Common Stock, and (ii) the denominator of which shall be the Closing
Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date; and 

(ii) the
number of Warrant Shares shall be increased to a number of shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable immediately
prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive
the Distribution multiplied by the reciprocal of the fraction set forth in the immediately preceding clause (i); provided, however, that
in the event that the Distribution is of shares of common stock of a company (other than the Company) whose common stock is traded on
a national securities exchange or a national automated quotation system Other Shares of Common Stock ), then the
Holder may elect to receive a warrant to purchase Other Shares of Common Stock in lieu of an increase in the number of Warrant Shares,
the terms of which shall be identical to those of this Warrant, except that such warrant shall be exercisable into the number of shares
of Other Shares of Common Stock that would have been payable to the Holder pursuant to the Distribution had the Holder exercised this
Warrant immediately prior to such record date and with an aggregate exercise price equal to the product of the amount by which the exercise
price of this Warrant was decreased with respect to the Distribution pursuant to the terms of the immediately preceding clause (i) and
the number of Warrant Shares calculated in accordance with the first part of this clause (ii). 

4 

(b) Anti-Dilution
Adjustments to Exercise Price . Except with respect to an Exempt Issuance and Reg A Issuance, if the Company or any Subsidiary thereof,
as applicable, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, shall sell or grant any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to
reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common
Stock or securities (including but not limited to Common Stock Equivalents) entitling any person or entity (for purposes of clarification,
including but not limited to the Holder pursuant to (i) any other security of the Company currently held by Holder, (ii) any other security
of the Company issued to Holder on or after the Issuance Date (including but not limited to the Note), or (iii) any other agreement entered
into between the Company and Holder) to acquire shares of Common Stock (upon conversion, exercise or otherwise), at an effective price
per share less than the then Exercise Price (such lower price, the Base Share Price and such issuances collectively, a Dilutive
Issuance (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase
price adjustments, elimination of an applicable floor price for any reason in the future (including but not limited to the passage of
time or satisfaction of certain condition(s)), reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due
to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled or potentially entitled to receive
shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share which is less than the Exercise Price at any time while such Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents are in existence, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the
Dilutive Issuance (regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the
Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) actually converted or exercised at such Base Share Price), then the Exercise Price
shall be reduced at the option of the Holder and only reduced to equal the Base Share Price, and the number of Warrant Shares issuable
hereunder shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder, after taking into account the decrease in the Exercise
Price, shall be equal to the aggregate Exercise Price prior to such adjustment (for the avoidance of doubt, the aggregate Exercise Price
prior to such adjustment is calculated as follows: the total number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant immediately
prior to such adjustment (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) multiplied by the Exercise Price in effect immediately
prior to such adjustment). By way of example, if E is the total number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant immediately
prior to such adjustment (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation), F is the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such adjustment, and G is the Base Share Price, the adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares can be expressed in the following formula:
Total number of Warrant Shares after such Dilutive Issuance = the number obtained from dividing [E x F] by G. Such adjustment shall be
made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued, regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) actually converted or exercised
at such Base Share Price by the holder thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, the Holder may utilize the Base Share Price even if the Company
did not actually issue shares of its common stock at the Base Share Price under the respective Common stock Equivalents). The Company
shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
subject to this Section 2(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion
price and other pricing terms (such notice the Dilutive Issuance Notice ). For purposes of clarification, regardless of whether
(i) the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 2(b) upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance or (ii)
the Holder accurately refers to the number of Warrant Shares or Base Share Price in the Exercise Notice, the Holder is entitled to receive
a number of Warrant Shares based upon the Base Share Price as well as the Base Share Price at all times on and after the date of such
Dilutive Issuance. Exempt Issuance means the issuance, vesting and/or exercise of options, warrants, restricted stock, restricted
stock units or other common stock purchase rights issued (or to be issued) to employees, officers or directors of, or consultants or advisors
to, the Company for compensatory purposes pursuant to any stock purchase plan, stock option plan, equity incentive plan or other plan
or arrangement approved by the Board of Directors (or the Compensation Committee thereof) at any time. Reg A Issuance means
an issuance of Common Stock (or units consisting of Common Stock and warrants) pursuant to an offering by the Company under Regulation
A so long as the offering price of each share of Common Stock is equal to or greater than 0.10 (subject to adjustment for any stock split,
stock combination, or other similar transaction; and for the avoidance of doubt, assuming any such warrants have no value), provided,
however, that if an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) occurs at any time, then this Section 2(b) of this Warrant shall apply to
each and every Reg A Issuance on or after the Issuance Date as well as the exercise price of any common stock purchase warrants issued
as part of a unit in connection with a Reg A Issuance. 

(c) Subdivision
or Combination of Common Stock . If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend,
recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Exercise
Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately
increased. If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or
more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such combination will be proportionately increased and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment
under this Section 2(c) shall become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective.
Each such adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be calculated to the nearest one-hundredth of a cent. Such adjustment shall be made successively
whenever any event covered by this Section 2(c) shall occur. 

5 

3. FUNDAMENTAL
TRANSACTIONS . If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company effects any merger of the Company with or into another
entity and the Company is not the surviving entity (such surviving entity, the Successor Entity ), (ii) the Company
effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or by another individual or entity, and approved by the Company) is completed pursuant to which holders
of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their shares of Common Stock for other securities, cash or property and the holders
of at least 50 of the Common Stock accept such offer, or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other
than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock) (in any such case, a Fundamental Transaction ),
then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive the number of shares of Common Stock of
the Successor Entity or of the Company and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration receivable
upon or as a result of such reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or disposition of assets by a holder of the number
of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such event (disregarding any limitation on exercise
contained herein solely for the purpose of such determination). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price
shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect
of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration
in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common
Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be
given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.
To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any Successor Entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall issue to the
Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holder s right to exercise such warrant into Alternate
Consideration. 

4. NON-CIRCUMVENTION .
The Company covenants and agrees that it will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or through any reorganization,
transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action,
avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at all times in good faith carry out
all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon the exercise of this
Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the
Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii)
shall, beginning on the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issuance Date and continuing for so long as this Warrant is outstanding,
have authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, four (4) times the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Warrants
are then exercisable into to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on
exercise). 

5. WARRANT
HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Warrant, in and of itself, shall not entitle
the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall
be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a
stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

6.
 REISSUANCE . 

(a) Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Warrant . If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company will, on such terms as to indemnity
or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof), issue a new
Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed. 

(b) Issuance
of New Warrants . Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new Warrant shall
be of like tenor with this Warrant, and shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the same as
the Issuance Date. 

6 

7. TRANSFER .
This Warrant shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its
successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the rights, interests or obligations of the Company hereunder
may not be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, by the Company without the prior signed written consent of
the Holder, which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Holder (any such assignment or transfer shall be null and void
if the Company does not obtain the prior signed written consent of the Holder). This Warrant or any of the severable rights and obligations
inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Holder hereunder may be assigned by Holder to a third party, in whole or in part, without
the need to obtain the Company s consent thereto. 

8. NOTICES .
Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance
with the notice provisions contained in the Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice (i) immediately
upon any adjustment of the Exercise Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, the calculation of such adjustment and (ii) at least 20
days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon the
shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any stock or other securities directly or indirectly convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or other property, pro rata to the holders of shares of Common Stock or
(C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that
such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to the Holder. 

9. AMENDMENT
AND WAIVER . The terms of this Warrant may be amended or waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively
or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 

10. GOVERNING
LAW AND VENUE . This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to
principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this
Warrant shall be brought only in the state courts located in the State of Nevada or federal courts located in the State of Nevada. The
parties to this Warrant hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall
not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER
TRANSACTION DOCUMENT ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY .
The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. In the event that any
provision of this Warrant or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute
or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified
to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect
the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process
and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Warrant or any other transaction document
entered into in connection with this Warrant by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence
of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under the Purchase Agreement and agrees that such service shall
constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any
right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

11. ACCEPTANCE . Receipt
of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions contained herein. 

7 

12. CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS . For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a)
[Intentionally Omitted]. 

(b) Closing
Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, (i) the last closing trade price for such security on the Principal Market,
as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or, if the Principal Market begins to
operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to
4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or (ii) if
the foregoing does not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market for such security as reported by Quotestream
or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or (iii) if no last trade price is reported for such security by
Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, the average of the bid and ask prices of any market
makers for such security as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder. If the Closing
Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security
on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. All such determinations to be appropriately
adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period. 

(c) Common
Stock means the Company s common stock, par value 0.001, and any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

(d) Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock,
including without limitation any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

(e) Person 
and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust,
an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof. 

(f) Principal
Market means the principal securities exchange or trading market where such Common Stock is listed or quoted, including but
not limited to any tier of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market), or the NYSE American,
or any successor to such markets. 

(g) Market
Price means the highest traded price of the Common Stock during the one hundred and fifty Trading Days prior to the date of
the respective Exercise Notice. 

(h) Trading
Day means any day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted on its Principal Market, provided, however, that if the Common
Stock is not then listed or quoted on any Principal Market, then any calendar day. 

(i)
 Trigger Date means April 17, 2024. 

8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused
this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set forth above. 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

Name: 
 Sean Folkson 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

9 

EXHIBIT A 

EXERCISE NOTICE 

(To be executed by the registered holder
to exercise this Common Stock Purchase Warrant) 

T he
 U ndersigned holder hereby exercises the right to purchase
 of
the shares of Common Stock Warrant Shares of NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Company ),
evidenced by the attached copy of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the Warrant ). Capitalized terms used herein and not
otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant. 

1. Form of Exercise Price . The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as (check one): 

a cash exercise with respect to Warrant Shares; or 

by cashless exercise pursuant to the Warrant. 

2. Payment of Exercise Price . If cash exercise is selected above, the holder shall pay the applicable Aggregate Exercise
 Price in the sum of 
 to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 

3. Delivery of Warrant Shares . The Company shall deliver to the holder Warrant Shares
in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 

Date: 

(Print Name of Registered Holder) 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

A- 1 

EXHIBIT B 

ASSIGNMENT OF WARRANT 

(To be signed only upon authorized
transfer of the Warrant) 

F or
 V alue R eceived , the undersigned hereby sells,
assigns, and transfers unto 
 the right to purchase 
 shares of common stock of NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., to which the within Common Stock Purchase Warrant relates and appoints ,
as attorney-in-fact, to transfer said right on the books of NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. with full power of substitution and re-substitution
in the premises. By accepting such transfer, the transferee has agreed to be bound in all respects by the terms and conditions of the
within Warrant. 

Dated: 

(Signature) 

(Name) 

(Address) 

(Social Security or Tax Identification No.) 

The signature on this Assignment of Warrant must correspond
to the name as written upon the face of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any
change whatsoever. When signing on behalf of a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity, please indicate your position(s) and
title(s) with such entity. 

B-1 

</EX-10.39>

<EX-10.40>
 6
 f10k2023ex10-40_nightfood.htm
 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT WITH MAST HILL FUND, L.P. DATED APRIL 17, 2023

Exhibit 10.40 

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This SECURITIES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), dated as of May 31, 2023, by and between NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. , a Nevada corporation,
with headquarters located at 520 White Plains Road, Suite 500, Tarrytown, New York 10591 (the Company ), and MAST HILL
FUND, L.P. , a Delaware limited partnership, with its address at 48 Parker Road, Wellesley, MA 02482 (the Buyer ). 

WHEREAS : 

A. The
Company and the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded
by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act and Rule 506(b) promulgated by the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the 1933 Act; 

B. Buyer
desires to purchase from the Company, and the Company desires to issue and sell to the Buyer, upon the terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement, a secured promissory note of the Company, in the aggregate principal amount of 200,000.00 (as the principal amount
thereof may be increased pursuant to the terms thereof, and together with any note(s) issued in replacement thereof or as a dividend thereon
or otherwise with respect thereto in accordance with the terms thereof, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A , the Note ),
convertible into shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, of the Company (the Common Stock ), upon the terms and
subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such Note; 

C. In
connection with the execution of this Agreement, the Company and the Buyer are also entering into that certain Security Agreement (as
defined in this Agreement), subsidiary guarantee Subsidiary Guarantee ), and pledge agreement (the Pledge Agreement ). 

D. The
Buyer wishes to purchase, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, such principal amount of the Note as is set forth immediately
below its name on the signature pages hereto. 

NOW THEREFORE , in
consideration of the foregoing and of the agreements and covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Buyer hereby agree as follows: 

1. Purchase and Sale of Note. 

a. Purchase
of Note. On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer, and the Buyer agrees to purchase from
the Company, the Note, as further provided herein. As used in this Agreement, the term business day shall mean any day other
than a Saturday, Sunday, or a day on which commercial banks in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive
order to remain closed. 

b. Form of Payment. On the Closing
Date: (i) the Buyer shall pay the purchase price of 170,000.00 (the Purchase Price for the Note, to be issued and
sold to it at the Closing (as defined below), by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company, in accordance with the
Company s written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Note, and (ii) the Company shall deliver such duly executed
Note on behalf of the Company, to the Buyer, against delivery of such Purchase Price. On the Closing, the Buyer shall withhold a
non-accountable sum of 4,500.00 from the Purchase Price to cover the Buyer s legal fees in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. 

c. Closing
Date. Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions thereto set forth in Section 6 and Section 7 below, the date
and time of the issuance and sale of the Note pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date shall be on the date that the
Purchase Price for the Note is paid by Buyer pursuant to terms of this Agreement. 

d. Closing .
The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing shall occur on the Closing Date at such location
as may be agreed to by the parties (including via exchange of electronic signatures). 

1 

2. Buyer s
Representations and Warranties. The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company as of the Closing Date that: 

a. Investment
Purpose. As of the Closing Date, the Buyer is purchasing the Note (the Note, and shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
or otherwise pursuant to the Note (the Conversion Shares shall collectively be referred to herein as the Securities for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or
exempted from registration under the 1933 Act; provided , however , that by making the representations herein, the Buyer does
not agree to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at
any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration statement or an exemption under the 1933 Act. 

b. Accredited
Investor Status. The Buyer is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D (an Accredited
Investor ). 

c. Reliance
on Exemptions. The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions from
the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy
of, and the Buyer s compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Buyer
set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Buyer to acquire the Securities. 

d. Information. 
The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remains outstanding will continue to be, furnished with all
materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities
which have been requested by the Buyer or its advisors. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remains
outstanding will continue to be, afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company regarding its business and affairs. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Buyer any material nonpublic information regarding the Company or otherwise and will
not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to or promptly following such disclosure to the
Buyer. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigation conducted by Buyer or any of its advisors or representatives shall
modify, amend or affect Buyer s right to rely on the Company s representations and warranties contained in Section 3 below. 

e. Governmental
Review. The Buyer understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed
upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities. 

2 

f. Transfer or Re-sale. The Buyer
understands that (i) the sale or resale of the Securities has not been and is not being registered under the 1933 Act or any
applicable state securities laws, and the Securities may not be transferred unless (a) the Securities are sold pursuant to an
effective registration statement under the 1933 Act, (b) the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Company,
an opinion of counsel (which may be the Legal Counsel Opinion (as defined below)) that shall be in form, substance and scope
customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions to the effect that the Securities to be sold or transferred may be sold
or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company, (c) the Securities
are sold or transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) Rule 144 )) of the Buyer who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the Securities only in accordance with this Section
2(f) and who is an Accredited Investor, (d) the Securities are sold pursuant to Rule 144 or other applicable exemption, or (e) the
Securities are sold pursuant to Regulation S under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) Regulation S ), and the Buyer
shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Company, an opinion of counsel that shall be in form, substance and scope
customary for opinions of counsel in corporate transactions, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company; (ii) any sale of such
Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in accordance with the terms of said Rule and further, if said Rule is not
applicable, any re-sale of such Securities under circumstances in which the seller (or the person through whom the sale is made) may
be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term is defined in the 1933 Act) may require compliance with some other exemption under the
1933 Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder; and (iii) neither the Company nor any other person is under any
obligation to register such Securities under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of
any exemption thereunder (in each case). Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else contained herein to the contrary, the
Securities may be pledged in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement secured by the
Securities, and such pledge of Securities shall not be deemed to be a transfer, sale or assignment of the Securities hereunder, and
the Buyer in effecting such pledge of Securities shall be not required to provide the Company with any notice thereof or otherwise
make any delivery to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise. 

g. Legends. 
The Buyer understands that until such time as the Note and Conversion Shares have been registered under the 1933 Act or may be sold pursuant
to Rule 144, Rule 144A under the 1933 Act, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities
as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, the Securities may bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following
form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of such Securities): 

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE [CONVERTIBLE/EXERCISABLE] HAVE BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED
OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,
OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT
REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A, REGULATION S, OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION UNDER SAID ACT.
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING
ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

The legend set forth above
shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate or book entry statement for the applicable shares of Common Stock without such
legend to the holder of any Security upon which it is stamped or (as requested by such holder) issue the applicable shares of Common Stock
to such holder by electronic delivery by crediting the account of such holder s broker with The Depository Trust Company DTC ),
if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws, (a) such Security is registered for sale under an effective registration
statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption
without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) the Company or
the Buyer provides the Legal Counsel Opinion (as contemplated by and in accordance with Section 4(m) hereof) to the effect that a public
sale or transfer of such Security may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company
so that the sale or transfer is effected. The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its transfer agent and all DTC fees associated
with any such issuance. The Buyer agrees to sell all Securities, including those represented by a certificate(s) from which the legend
has been removed, in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In the event that the Company does not accept
the opinion of counsel provided by the Buyer with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration, such
as Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption at the Deadline (as defined in the Note), it will be considered an
Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note. 

3 

h. Authorization; Enforcement. This
Agreement has been duly and validly authorized by the Buyer and has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Buyer, and
this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as
enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors 
rights generally and except as may be limited by the exercise of judicial discretion in applying principles of equity. 

3. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer as of the Closing Date that: 

a. Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below), if any, is a corporation duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, with full power and authority (corporate and other)
to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated and conducted.
Schedule 3(a), if attached hereto, sets forth a list of all of the Subsidiaries of the Company and the jurisdiction in which each is incorporated.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction
in which its ownership or use of property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary except where
the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Material Adverse Effect means
any material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, financial condition or prospects of the Company or its Subsidiaries,
if any, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements or instruments to be entered into in connection
herewith. Subsidiaries means any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, in which the
Company owns, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest. 

b. Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, the Note, and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the Securities, in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof,
(ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Note, and Conversion Shares by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby (including without limitation, the issuance of the Note, as well as the issuance and reservation for issuance
of the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) have been duly authorized by the Company s Board of Directors and
no further consent or authorization of the Company, its Board of Directors, its shareholders, or its debt holders is required, (iii) this
Agreement and the Note (together with any other instruments executed in connection herewith or therewith) have been duly executed and
delivered by the Company by its authorized representative, and such authorized representative is the true and official representative
with authority to sign this Agreement, the Note and the other instruments documents executed in connection herewith or therewith and bind
the Company accordingly, and (iv) this Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and delivery by the Company of the Note, each of such
instruments will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with
their terms. 

c. Capitalization;
Governing Documents. As of May 31, 2023, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of: 200,000,000 authorized shares of
Common Stock, of which 121,618,271 shares were issued and outstanding, and 1,005,000 authorized shares of preferred stock, of which 1,000
shares of Series A preferred stock and 2,300 shares of Series B preferred stock were issued and outstanding. All of such outstanding shares
of capital stock of the Company and the Conversion Shares are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
non-assessable. No shares of capital stock of the Company are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights of the shareholders
of the Company or any liens or encumbrances imposed through the actions or failure to act of the Company. As of the effective date of
this Agreement, other than as publicly announced prior to such date and reflected in the SEC Documents of the Company (i) there are no
outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe for, puts, calls, rights of first refusal, agreements, understandings, claims
or other commitments or rights of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for any
shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is
or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) there are no agreements
or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of its or their securities
under the 1933 Act and (iii) there are no anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions contained in any security issued by the Company
(or in any agreement providing rights to security holders) that will be triggered by the issuance of any of the Securities. The Company
has furnished or made available (which may be through the SEC Documents) to the Buyer true and correct copies of the Company s Certificate
of Incorporation as in effect on the date hereof Certificate of Incorporation ), the Company s By-laws, as in effect
on the date hereof (the By-laws ), and the terms of all securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock of the
Company and the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto. 

4 

d. Issuance
of Conversion Shares. The Conversion Shares are duly authorized and reserved for issuance (or will be reserved for issuance as provided
in the Note) and, upon conversion of the Note in accordance with its terms, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and
free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or
other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. 

e. [Intentionally
Omitted] . 

f. Acknowledgment
of Dilution. The Company understands and acknowledges the potentially dilutive effect of the Conversion Shares to the Common Stock
upon the conversion of the Note. The Company further acknowledges that its obligation to issue, upon conversion of the Note, the Conversion
Shares in accordance with the terms thereof, are absolute and unconditional regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have
on the ownership interests of other shareholders of the Company. 

g. Ranking;
No Conflicts. Once the Company pays the Final Settlement Payments (as defined in this Agreement), the Note shall have priority in
payment and performance over all indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries, as further provided in that certain security agreement
entered into between the Company, the Subsidiaries, and the Buyer on the date of this Agreement (the Security Agreement ),
a form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit C . The Company represents and warrants that, once the Company pays the Final Settlement
Payments, there will be no security interests in, or liens on, the Company s assets except as created in favor of the Buyer under
the Security Agreement. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Note by the Company and the consummation by
the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance and reservation for issuance
of the Conversion Shares) will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or
By-laws, or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which with
notice or lapse of time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or
cancellation of, any agreement, note, evidence of indebtedness, indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including
federal and state securities laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company or its securities
is subject) applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect), or (iv) trigger any anti-dilution and/or ratchet provision contained
in any other contract in which the Company is a party thereto or any security issued by the Company. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is in violation of its Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws or other organizational documents and neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries is in default (and no event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time or both could put the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries in default) under, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any action or failed to take any
action that would give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument
to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any property or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is bound or affected, except for possible defaults as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The
businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, are not being conducted, and shall not be conducted so long as the Buyer owns
any of the Securities, in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity. Except as specifically contemplated
by this Agreement and as required under the 1933 Act and any applicable state securities laws, the Company is not required to obtain any
consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court, governmental agency, regulatory agency, self-regulatory
organization or stock market or any third party in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement
and the Note in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or to issue and sell the Note in accordance with the terms hereof and, upon
conversion of the Note, issue Conversion Shares. All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the Company is
required to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence have been obtained or effected on or prior to the date hereof. The Company is not
in violation of the listing requirements of the Principal Market (as defined herein) and does not reasonably anticipate that the Common
Stock will be delisted by the Principal Market in the foreseeable future. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or
circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. The Principal Market shall mean the principal securities exchange
or trading market where such Common Stock is listed or traded, including but not limited to any tier of the OTC Markets, any tier of the
NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market), or the NYSE American, or any successor to such markets. 

5 

h. SEC
Documents; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be
filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto
and documents (other than exhibits to such documents) incorporated by reference therein, being hereinafter referred to herein as the SEC
Documents ). As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934
Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at
the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. None of the statements made in any such SEC Documents is, or has been, required to be amended or updated under applicable
law (except for such statements as have been amended or updated in subsequent filings prior the date hereof). As of their respective dates,
the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting
requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved and fairly present
in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof
and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements,
to normal year-end audit adjustments). Except as set forth in the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents, the
Company has no liabilities, contingent or otherwise, other than (i) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business subsequent
to September 30, 2022, and (ii) obligations under contracts and commitments incurred in the ordinary course of business and not required
under generally accepted accounting principles to be reflected in such financial statements, which, individually or in the aggregate,
are not material to the financial condition or operating results of the Company. The Company is subject to the reporting requirements
of the 1934 Act. The Company has never been a shell company as described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i). 

i. Absence
of Certain Changes . Since September 30, 2022, there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse development in the
assets, liabilities, business, properties, operations, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or 1934 Act reporting status
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

j. Absence
of Litigation. There is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government
agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened against
or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or their officers or directors in their capacity as such, that could have a Material
Adverse Effect. With the exception of a certain pending lawsuit filed June 2, 2022 titled Jose Meija vs. Nightfood Inc. regarding the
accessibility of the Nightfood.com website for consumers with visual impairments, which the Company believes is part of a coordinated
effort on behalf of certain law firms to use the Americans with Disabilities Act to extort settlements from companies that conduct commerce
online, and which the Company has retained counsel and expects to settle for between 10,000 and 16,000, the SEC Documents contain a
complete list and summary description of any pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened proceeding against or affecting the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, without regard to whether it would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries
are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. 

k. Intellectual
Property. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses the requisite licenses or rights to use all patents, patent applications,
patent rights, inventions, know-how, trade secrets, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, service names, trade names and
copyrights Intellectual Property necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated
to be operated in the future); there is no claim or action by any person pertaining to, or proceeding pending, or to the Company s
knowledge threatened, which challenges the right of the Company or of a Subsidiary with respect to any Intellectual Property necessary
to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated in the future); to the best of the
Company s knowledge, the Company s or its Subsidiaries current and intended products, services and processes do not
infringe on any Intellectual Property or other rights held by any person; and the Company is unaware of any facts or circumstances which
might give rise to any of the foregoing. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the
secrecy, confidentiality and value of their Intellectual Property. 

6 

l. No
Materially Adverse Contracts, Etc. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any charter, corporate or other legal
restriction, or any judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation which in the judgment of the Company s officers has or is expected
in the future to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any contract or agreement
which in the judgment of the Company s officers has or is expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

m. Tax
Status. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has made or filed all federal, state and foreign income and all other tax returns,
reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject (unless and only to the extent that the Company and each
of its Subsidiaries has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes) and
has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns,
reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith and has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for
the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid
taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know of no
basis for any such claim. The Company has not executed a waiver with respect to the statute of limitations relating to the assessment
or collection of any foreign, federal, state or local tax. None of the Company s tax returns is presently being audited by any taxing
authority. 

n. Transactions
with Affiliates. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents or for arm s length transactions pursuant to which the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries makes payments in the ordinary course of business upon terms no less favorable than the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries could obtain from third parties and other than the grant of stock options described in the SEC Documents, none of the officers,
directors, or employees of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than
for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing
of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer,
director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which any officer,
director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner. 

o. Disclosure. 
All information relating to or concerning the Company or any of its Subsidiaries set forth in this Agreement and provided to the Buyer
pursuant to Section 2(d) hereof and otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby is true and correct in all material
respects and the Company has not omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made herein or therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No event or circumstance has occurred or exists with respect
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its or their business, properties, prospects, operations or financial conditions, which,
under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company but which has not been so publicly
announced or disclosed (assuming for this purpose that the Company s reports filed under the 1934 Act are being incorporated into
an effective registration statement filed by the Company under the 1933 Act). 

p. Acknowledgment
Regarding Buyer s Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Buyer is acting solely in the capacity
of arm s length purchaser with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company further acknowledges
that the Buyer is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby and any statement made by the Buyer or any of its respective representatives or agents in connection
with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby is not advice or a recommendation and is merely incidental to the Buyer s
purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Buyer that the Company s decision to enter into this Agreement
has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the Company and its representatives. 

q. No
Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly or
indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would require
registration under the 1933 Act of the issuance of the Securities to the Buyer. The issuance of the Securities
to the Buyer will not be integrated with any other issuance of the Company s securities (past, current or future) for purposes of
any shareholder approval provisions applicable to the Company or its securities. 

7 

r. No
Brokers; No Solicitation. Except with respect to J. H. Darbie Co., a registered broker-dealer (CRD#: 43520), and Spencer Clarke,
a registered broker-dealer, the Company has taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions,
transaction fees or similar payments relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company acknowledges and
agrees that neither the Buyer nor its employee(s), member(s), beneficial owner(s), or partner(s) solicited the Company to enter into this
Agreement and consummate the transactions described in this Agreement. 

s. Permits;
Compliance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits,
easements, variances, exemptions, consents, certificates, approvals and orders necessary to own, lease and operate its properties and
to carry on its business as it is now being conducted (collectively, the Company Permits ), and there is no action pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened regarding suspension or cancellation of any of the Company Permits. Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or violation of, any of the Company Permits, except for any such conflicts,
defaults or violations which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Since
September 30, 2022, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notification with respect to possible conflicts,
defaults or violations of applicable laws, except for notices relating to possible conflicts, defaults or violations, which conflicts,
defaults or violations would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

t. Environmental Matters. 

(i) There
are, to the Company s knowledge, with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor of the Company, no past
or present violations of Environmental Laws (as defined below), releases of any material into the environment, actions, activities, circumstances,
conditions, events, incidents, or contractual obligations which may give rise to any common law environmental liability or any liability
under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 or similar federal, state, local or foreign laws
and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice with respect to any of the foregoing, nor is any action pending
or, to the Company s knowledge, threatened in connection with any of the foregoing. The term Environmental Laws means
all federal, state, local or foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including, without limitation,
ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws relating to emissions,
discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively,
 Hazardous Materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment,
storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands or demand letters,
injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations issued, entered, promulgated or approved
thereunder. 

(ii) Other
than those that are or were stored, used or disposed of in compliance with applicable law, no Hazardous Materials are contained on or
about any real property currently owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and no Hazardous Materials were released
on or about any real property previously owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries during the period the property
was owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except in the normal course of the Company s or any of its
Subsidiaries business. 

(iii) There
are no underground storage tanks on or under any real property owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that are
not in compliance with applicable law. 

u. Title to Property. The Company and
its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property and good and marketable title to all personal
property owned by them which is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all
liens, encumbrances and defects except such as are described in Schedule 3(u), if attached hereto, or such as would not have a
Material Adverse Effect. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions
as would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

8 

v. Insurance. 
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks
and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries
are engaged. Neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance
coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business
at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Upon written request the Company will provide to the Buyer true and correct copies
of all policies relating to directors and officers liability coverage, errors and omissions coverage, and commercial general
liability coverage. 

w. Internal
Accounting Controls. Except as may be disclosed in the SEC Documents, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries maintain a system of
internal accounting controls sufficient, in the judgment of the Company s board of directors, to provide reasonable assurance that
(i) transactions are executed in accordance with management s general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain
asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management s general or specific authorization
and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is
taken with respect to any differences. 

x. Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, agent, employee or other person acting
on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, in the course of his actions for, or on behalf of, the Company, used any corporate funds
for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; made any direct or indirect
unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; violated or is in violation of any provision
of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other
unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee. 

y. Solvency. 
The Company has no information that would lead it to reasonably conclude that the Company would not, after giving effect to the transaction
contemplated by this Agreement, have the ability to, nor does it intend to take any action that would impair its ability to, pay its debts
from time to time incurred in connection therewith as such debts mature. 

z. No
Investment Company. The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement will not
be an investment company required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (an Investment Company ).
The Company is not controlled by an Investment Company. 

aa. No Off Balance Sheet
Arrangements . There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and an unconsolidated
or other off balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its 1934 Act filings and is not so disclosed or that
otherwise could be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

bb. No Disqualification
Events . None of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the
Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20 or more of the Company s outstanding voting equity
securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the 1933 Act) connected
with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person is subject to any of the Bad
Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the 1933 Act (a Disqualification Event ), except
for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company
has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. 

9 

cc. Manipulation of Price .
The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has: (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause
or to result, or that could reasonably be expected to cause or result, in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security
of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for
soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any person any compensation for soliciting another to
purchase any other securities of the Company. 

dd. Bank Holding Company
Act . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ). Neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5 or more of the outstanding shares of
any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25 or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the
BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates exercises a controlling influence
over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. 

ee. Illegal or Unauthorized
Payments; Political Contributions . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Company s knowledge, any of the
officers, directors, employees, agents or other representatives of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any other business entity
or enterprise with which the Company or any Subsidiary is or has been affiliated or associated, has, directly or indirectly, made or authorized
any payment, contribution or gift of money, property, or services, whether or not in contravention of applicable law, (i) as a kickback
or bribe to any person or (ii) to any political organization, or the holder of or any aspirant to any elective or appointive public office
except for personal political contributions not involving the direct or indirect use of funds of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

ff. Breach of Representations
and Warranties by the Company. The Company agrees that if the Company breaches any of the representations or warranties set forth
in this Section 3 and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event
of Default under Section 3.4 of the Note. 

4. ADDITIONAL COVENANTS, AGREEMENTS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS . 

a. Best
Efforts. The parties shall use their best efforts to satisfy timely each of the conditions described in Section 6 and 7 of this Agreement. 

b. Form
D; Blue Sky Laws . The Company agrees to file a Form D with respect to the Securities if required under Regulation D and to provide
a copy thereof to the Buyer promptly after such filing. The Company shall, on or before the Closing Date, take such action as the Company
shall reasonably determine is necessary to qualify the Securities for sale to the Buyer at the applicable closing pursuant to this Agreement
under applicable securities or blue sky laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption from such qualification),
and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Buyer on or prior to the Closing Date. 

c. Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall use the proceeds first for the payment of all settlement amounts due to Puritan Partners LLC and Verition
Multi-Strategy Master Fund Ltd. under that certain forbearance and exchange agreement dated on or around February 1, 2023 (the Final
Settlement Payments ), and second for operating capital, and not for any other purpose, including but not limited to (i) the repayment
of any indebtedness owed to officers, directors or employees of the Company or their affiliates, (ii) any loan to or investment in any
other corporation, partnership, enterprise or other person (except in connection with the Company s currently existing operations),
(iii) any loan, credit, or advance to any officers, directors, employees, or affiliates of the Company, or (iv) in violation or contravention
of any applicable law, rule or regulation. 

d. Right of Participation and First Refusal . 

(i) Other
than arrangements that are in place or disclosed in SEC Documents prior to the date of this
Agreement, from the date of this Agreement until the Note is extinguished in its entirety, the Company will not, (i) directly or indirectly,
offer, sell, grant any option to purchase, or otherwise dispose of (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other
disposition of) any of its or its Subsidiaries debt, equity, or equity equivalent securities, including without limitation any
debt, preferred shares or other instrument or security that is, at any time during its life and/or under any circumstances, convertible
into, exchangeable, or exercisable for Common Stock (any such offer, sale, grant, disposition or announcement being referred to as a Subsequent
Placement or (ii) enter into any definitive agreement with regard to the foregoing, in each case unless the Company shall have
first complied with this Section 4(d). 

10 

(ii) The
Company shall deliver to the Buyer an irrevocable written notice (the Offer Notice of any proposed or intended Subsequent
Placement, which shall (w) identify and describe the Subsequent Placement, (x) describe the price and other terms upon which they are
to be issued, sold or exchanged, and the number or amount of the securities in the Subsequent Placement to be issued, sold, or exchanged
and (y) offer to issue and sell to or exchange with the Buyer at least one hundred percent (100 of the securities in the Subsequent
Placement (in each case, an Offer ). 

(iii) To
accept an Offer, in whole or in part, the Buyer must deliver a written notice (the Notice of Acceptance to the Company
prior to the end of the fifth (5 th Trading Day (as defined in the Note) after the Buyer s receipt of the Offer Notice
(the Offer Period ), setting forth the amount that the Buyer elects to purchase (the Subscription Amount ).
The Company shall complete the Subsequent Placement and issue and sell the Subscription Amount to the Buyer upon terms and conditions
(including, without limitation, unit prices and interest rates) set forth in the Offer Notice, unless a change to such terms and conditions
is agreed to in writing between the Company and Buyer. 

(iv) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, if the Company desires to modify or amend the terms or conditions of a Subsequent Placement
at any time after the Offer Notice is given to Buyer (provided, however, that such modification or amendment to the terms or conditions
cannot occur during any Offer Period), the Company shall deliver to the Buyer a new Offer Notice and the Offer Period of such new Offer
shall expire at the end of the fifth (5 th Trading Day after the Buyer s receipt of such new Offer Notice. 

(v) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, the terms and conditions of this Section 4(d) of this Agreement shall not apply to any of the following
issuances of securities (collectively, the Excluded Offerings ): (A) [reserved]; (B) pursuant to the issuance, vesting and/or
exercise of options, warrants, restricted stock, restricted stock units or other common stock purchase rights issued (or to be issued)
to employees, officers or directors of, or consultants or advisors to, the Company for compensatory purposes pursuant to any stock purchase
plan, stock option plan, equity incentive plan or other plan or arrangement approved by the Board of Directors (or the Compensation Committee
thereof) at any time; (C) pursuant to the exercise or conversion of preferred stock, options, warrants or any evidence of indebtedness,
shares of capital stock (other than Common Stock) or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock outstanding (or
in the case of warrants underlying outstanding preferred stock, which may be issued and outstanding) as of the date hereof and as disclosed
in the SEC Documents prior to the date hereof; (D) in connection with the acquisition of all or part of another entity by stock acquisition,
merger, consolidation or other reorganization, or by the purchase of all or part of the assets of such other entity (including securities
issued to persons formerly employed by such other entity and subsequently hired by the Company and to any brokers or finders in connection
therewith); (E) in connection with strategic transactions approved by the Board of Directors (provided such transactions is not primarily
for the purpose of raising capital); (F) to bona fide commercial partners, or lessors in connection with credit arrangements, equipment
financings or similar transactions approved by the Board of Directors; (G) in connection with the Company s acquisition, joint-venture,
licensing or business transaction of intellectual property assets from any individuals or entities approved by the Board of Directors
(provided such transactions is not primarily for the purpose of raising capital); (H) shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to equipment
lease arrangements or financings from a bank approved by the Board of Directors of the Company; and (I) any units, shares of common stock,
warrants or other securities issued or issuable pursuant to the Company s Regulation A+ offering as the same may be amended from
time to time, and any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof (the Reg A+ Offering ). 

11 

e. Usury .
To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will
resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter
in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Buyer in order to enforce any right or remedy under this
Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained
in this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, it is expressly agreed and provided that the
total liability of the Company under this Agreement, the Note or any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby for payments
which under applicable law are in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the
 Maximum Rate ), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both
of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under applicable law in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to
pay under this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed
that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law applicable to this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument
contemplated thereby is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum
contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or
instrument contemplated thereby from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under
any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Buyer with respect to indebtedness
evidenced by this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, such excess shall be applied by
the Buyer to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to
be at the Buyer s election. 

f. Restriction
on Activities . Commencing as of the date first above written, and until the earlier of payment of the Note in full or full conversion
of the Note, the Company shall not, directly or indirectly, without the Buyer s prior written consent, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld: (a) change the nature of its business; or (b) sell, divest, acquire, change the structure of any material assets
other than in the ordinary course of business. 

g. Listing. 
The Company will, so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, maintain the listing and trading of its Common Stock on the Principal
Market or any equivalent replacement exchange or electronic quotation system (including but not limited to the Pink Sheets electronic
quotation system) and will comply in all respects with the Company s reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or
rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA and such exchanges, as applicable. The Company shall promptly
provide to the Buyer copies of any notices it receives from the Principal Market and any other exchanges or electronic quotation systems
on which the Common Stock is then traded regarding the continued eligibility of the Common Stock for listing on such exchanges and quotation
systems. 

h. Corporate
Existence. The Company will, so long as the Buyer beneficially owns any of the Securities, maintain its corporate existence and shall
not sell all or substantially all of the Company s assets, except in the event of a merger or consolidation or sale of all or substantially
all of the Company s assets, where the surviving or successor entity in such transaction (i) assumes the Company s obligations
hereunder and under the agreements and instruments entered into in connection herewith and (ii) is a publicly traded corporation whose
Common Stock is listed for trading or quotation on the Principal Market, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market, the New York Stock Exchange
or the NYSE MKT. 

i. No
Integration. The Company shall not make any offers or sales of any security (other than the Securities) under circumstances that would
require registration of the Securities being offered or sold hereunder under the 1933 Act or cause the offering of the Securities to be
integrated with any other offering of securities by the Company for the purpose of any stockholder approval provision applicable to the
Company or its securities. 

j. Compliance
with 1934 Act; Public Information Failures. For so long as the Buyer beneficially owns the Note or Conversion Shares, the Company
shall comply with the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act; and the Company shall continue to be subject to the reporting requirements
of the 1934 Act. During the period that the Buyer beneficially owns the Note, if the Company shall (i) fail for any reason to satisfy
the requirements of Rule 144(c)(1), including, without limitation, the failure to satisfy the current public information requirements
under Rule 144(c) or (ii) if the Company has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) or becomes such an issuer in the future,
and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (each, a Public Information Failure then,
as partial relief for the damages to the Buyer by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Securities (which
remedy shall not be exclusive of any other remedies available pursuant to this Agreement, the Note, or at law or in equity), the Company
shall pay to the Buyer an amount in cash equal to three percent (3 of the Purchase Price on each of the day of a Public Information
Failure and on every thirtieth day (pro rated for periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter until the date such Public Information
Failure is cured. The payments to which a holder shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 4(k) are referred to herein as Public
Information Failure Payments. Public Information Failure Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar
month during which such Public Information Failure Payments are incurred and (iii) the third business day after the event or failure giving
rise to the Public Information Failure Payments is cured. In the event the Company fails to make Public Information Failure Payments in
a timely manner, such Public Information Failure Payments shall bear interest at the rate of 5 per month (prorated for partial months)
until paid in full. 

12 

k. Acknowledgement
Regarding Buyer s Trading Activity . Until the Note is fully repaid or fully converted, the Buyer shall not effect any short
sale (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the 1934 Act) of the Common Stock which establishes a net short
position with respect to the Common Stock. 

l. Legal
Counsel Opinions . Upon the request of the Buyer from to time to time, the Company shall be responsible (at its cost) for promptly
supplying to the Company s transfer agent and the Buyer a customary legal opinion letter of its counsel (the Legal Counsel
Opinion to the effect that the resale of the Conversion Shares by the Buyer or its affiliates, successors and assigns is exempt
from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act pursuant to Rule 144 (provided the requirements of Rule 144 are satisfied by the delivery
to the Company of customary representations letters to that effect and provided the Conversion Shares are not then registered under the
1933 Act for resale pursuant to an effective registration statement) or other applicable exemption (provided the requirements of such
other applicable exemption are satisfied by the delivery to the Company of customary representations letters to that effect). In addition,
the Buyer may (at the Company s cost) at any time secure its own legal counsel to issue the Legal Counsel Opinion, and the Company
will instruct its transfer agent to accept such opinion. The Company hereby agrees that it may never take the position that it is a shell
company in connection with its obligations under this Agreement or otherwise. 

m. Piggy-Back
Registration Rights . The Company hereby grants to the Buyer the piggy-back registration rights set forth in Exhibit B hereto. 

n. Most
Favored Nation . So long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, the Company shall not enter into any public or private offering of
its securities (including securities convertible into shares of Common Stock) with any individual or entity (an Other Investor that has the effect of establishing rights or otherwise benefiting such Other Investor in a manner more favorable in any material respect
to such Other Investor (even if the Other Investor does not receive the benefit of such more favorable term until a default occurs under
such other security) than the rights and benefits established in favor of the Buyer by this Agreement, the Note, and the related transaction
documents unless, in any such case, the Buyer has been provided with such rights and benefits pursuant to a definitive written agreement
or agreements between the Company and the Buyer. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, this Section 4(n)
of this Agreement shall not apply to the issuance of Common Stock (or warrants if sold with the Common Stock as a component of units)
pursuant to a Regulation A offering. 

o. Subsequent
Variable Rate Transactions . From the date hereof until such time as the Note is fully converted or fully repaid, the Company shall
be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction 
means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or
exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or
exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock
at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is
subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified
or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into
any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined
price. The Buyer shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be
in addition to any right to collect damages. This Section 4(o) shall not apply to the Company s existing obligations as of the date
hereof, which are disclosed in the SEC Documents. 

13 

p. Non-Public
Information . Except as may be required pursuant to Section 4(d), the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other person
acting on its behalf will provide the Buyer or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably
believes constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto the Buyer shall have consented to the receipt of such information
and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that the Buyer shall be relying
on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. Except as may be required pursuant to Section 4(d),
to the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public information to the Buyer without such Buyer s consent, the Company
hereby covenants and agrees that such Buyer shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any
of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or affiliates, not to trade on the basis of, such material, non- public information,
provided that the Buyer shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided, information provided, or any other
communications made by the Company, to the Buyer, constitutes or contains material non-public information regarding the Company or any
Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice or other material information with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report
on Form 8-K. In. addition to any other remedies provided by this Agreement or the related transaction documents, if the Company provides
any material non-public information to the Buyer without their prior written consent, and it fails to immediately (no later than that
business day) file a Form 8-K disclosing this material non-public information, it shall pay the Buyer as partial liquidated damages and
not as a penalty a sum equal to 3,000 per day beginning with the day the information is disclosed to the Buyer and ending and including
the day the Form 8-K disclosing this information is filed. 

q. D O
Insurance . In the event the Company does not so have as of the date hereof, within 60 calendar days of the Closing, the Company shall
purchase director and officer insurance on behalf of the Company s (including its subsidiary) officers and directors for a period of 18
months after the Closing with respect to any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs and expense in connection with any actual or
threatened claim or proceeding that is based on, or arises out of their status as a director or officer of the Company. The insurance
policy shall provide for two years of tail coverage. 

r. Preferred
Designation . Until the Note is extinguished in the entirety, the Company shall not designate any new classes of preferred stock or
amend any existing classes of preferred stock without the written consent of the Buyer. 

s. Breach
of Covenants. The Company acknowledges and agrees that if the Company breaches any of the covenants set forth in this Section 4, in
addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of Default under Section
3.3 of the Note. 

5. Transfer
Agent Instructions. The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to the Company s transfer agent to issue certificates and/or
issue shares electronically at the Buyer s option, registered in the name of the Buyer or its nominee, upon conversion of the Note,
the Conversion Shares, in such amounts as specified from time to time by the Buyer to the Company in accordance with the terms thereof
(the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions ). In the event that the Company proposes to replace its transfer agent, the
Company shall provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a
form as initially delivered pursuant to this Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserved shares of Common
Stock in the Reserved Amount (as defined in the Note)) signed by the successor transfer agent to the Company and the Company. Prior to
registration of the Conversion Shares under the 1933 Act or the date on which the Conversion Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144,
Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of Securities as of a particular date
that can then be immediately sold, all such certificates or book entry shares shall bear the restrictive legend specified in Section 2(g)
of this Agreement. The Company warrants that: (i) no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in
this Section 5 will be given by the Company to its transfer agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable on the
books and records of the Company as and to the extent provided in this Agreement and the Note; (ii) it will not direct its transfer agent
not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically or in certificated form)
any certificate for Securities to be issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and when required by
the Note and this Agreement; (iii) it will not fail to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or
hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on
any certificate for any Securities issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and when required by the
Note and/or this Agreement and (iv) it will provide any required corporate resolutions and issuance approvals to its transfer agent within
one (1) business day of each conversion of the Note. Nothing in this Section shall affect in any way the Buyer s obligations and
agreement set forth in Section 2(g) hereof to comply with all applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any, upon re-sale of the
Securities. If the Buyer provides the Company, at the cost of the Company, with (i) an opinion of counsel in form, substance and scope
customary for opinions in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Securities may be made without
registration under the 1933 Act and such sale or transfer is effected or (ii) the Buyer provides reasonable assurances that the Securities
can be sold pursuant to 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, the Company shall permit the transfer, and, in the
case of the Securities, promptly instruct its transfer agent to issue one or more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in such
name and in such denominations as specified by the Buyer. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will
cause irreparable harm to the Buyer, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company
acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section 5 may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of
a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other
available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate transfer, without the necessity of showing economic
loss and without any bond or other security being required. 

14 

6. Conditions
to the Company s Obligation to Sell. The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Note to the Buyer at the
Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions thereto, provided that these
conditions are for the Company s sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion: 

a. The
Buyer shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Company. 

b. The Buyer shall have delivered the Purchase
Price in accordance with Section 1(b) above. 

c. The
representations and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the
Closing Date, as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the Buyer
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement
to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date. 

d. No
litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or
endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over
the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

7. Conditions
to The Buyer s Obligation to Purchase. The obligation of the Buyer hereunder to purchase the Note, on the Closing Date, is subject
to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Buyer s
sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any time in its sole discretion: 

a. The
Company shall have executed this Agreement, the Security Agreement, the Subsidiary Guarantee, and the Pledge Agreement, and delivered
the same to the Buyer. 

b. The
Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the duly executed Note in such denominations as the Buyer shall request and in accordance with
Section 1(b) above. 

c. The
Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer, shall have been delivered to and acknowledged
in writing by the Company s Transfer Agent. 

d. The
representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of Closing
Date, as though made at such time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the Company shall have
performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to
be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date. 

e. No
litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or
endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over
the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

f. No
event shall have occurred which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but not limited
to a change in the 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its 1934 Act reporting obligations. 

15 

g. Trading
in the Common Stock on the Principal Market shall not have been suspended by the SEC, FINRA or the Principal Market. 

h. The
Company shall have delivered to the Buyer resolutions adopted by the Company s Board of Directors at a duly called meeting or by
unanimous written consent authorizing this Agreement and all other documents, instruments and transactions contemplated hereby. 

8. Governing Law; Miscellaneous. 

a. Governing
Law; Venue . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to
principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be brought only in the state
courts located in the State of Nevada or in the federal courts located in the State of Nevada. The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably
waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction
or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST,
A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and
costs. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding
in connection with this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process
and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. 

b. Counterparts. 
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute
one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party.
A facsimile or .pdf signature shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and
effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile or .pdf signature. Delivery of a counterpart signature hereto by facsimile
or email/.pdf transmission shall be deemed validly delivery thereof. 

c. Construction;
Headings. This Agreement shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Buyer and shall not be construed against any
person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect
the interpretation of, this Agreement. 

d. Severability. 
In the event that any provision of this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement or instrument delivered in connection herewith is
invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that
it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove
invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, the Note,
or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby. 

e. Entire
Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement, the Note, and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor
the Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement or
any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the Buyer. 

16 

f. Notices. All notices, demands,
requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise
specified herein, shall be transmitted by e-mail, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have
specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be
deemed effective upon delivery by e-mail, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting machine, at the address or number
designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first
business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to
be received). The addresses for such communications shall be: 

If to the Company, to: 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

520 White Plains Road, Suite 500 

Tarrytown, New York 10591 

Attention: Sean Folkson 

e-mail: sean@nightfood.com 

If to the Buyer: 

MAST HILL FUND, L.P. 

48 Parker Road 

Wellesley, MA 02482 

e-mail: admin@masthillfund.com 

g. Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns. The Company
shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Buyer. The Buyer may assign
its rights hereunder to any accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act) in a private transaction from
the Buyer or to any of its affiliates, as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Company. 

h. Third
Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and
assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person. 

i. Survival. 
The representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall survive the closing
hereunder notwithstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer. The Company agrees to indemnify and
hold harmless the Buyer and all their officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related to
any breach or alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement or any
of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred. 

j. Publicity. 
The Company, and the Buyer shall have the right to review a reasonable period of time before issuance of any press releases, SEC, Principal
Market or FINRA filings, or any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby; provided , however ,
that the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the Buyer, to make any press release or SEC, Principal Market (or other
applicable trading market) or FINRA filings with respect to such transactions as is required by applicable law and regulations (although
the Buyer shall be consulted by the Company in connection with any such press release prior to its release and shall be provided with
a copy thereof and be given an opportunity to comment thereon). 

k. Further
Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute
and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to
carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

l. No
Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their
mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. 

17 

m. Indemnification .
In consideration of the Buyer s execution and delivery of this Agreement and acquiring the Securities hereunder, and in addition
to all of the Company s other obligations under this Agreement or the Note, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold
harmless the Buyer and its stockholders, partners, members, officers, directors, employees and direct or indirect investors and any of
the foregoing persons agents or other representatives (including, without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement) (collectively, the Indemnitees from and against any and all actions, causes of action,
suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether
any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys 
fees and disbursements (the Indemnified Liabilities ), incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, or arising out of, or relating
to (a) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company in this Agreement, the Note or any other
agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (b) any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation
of the Company contained in this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or
thereby or (c) any cause of action, suit or claim brought or made against such Indemnitee by a third party (including for these purposes
a derivative action brought on behalf of the Company) and arising out of or resulting from (i) the execution, delivery, performance or
enforcement of this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii)
any transaction financed or to be financed in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance of the Securities,
or (iii) the status of the Buyer or holder of the Securities as an investor in the Company pursuant to the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall make
the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities that is permissible under applicable law. 

n. Remedies. 
The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by vitiating the intent
and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations
under this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby will be inadequate
and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement,
certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available
remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing
or curing any breach of this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby,
and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof and thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any
bond or other security being required. 

o. Payment
Set Aside . To the extent that the (i) Company makes a payment or payments to the Buyer hereunder, pursuant to the Note, or pursuant
to any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, or (ii) the Buyer enforces or exercises its
rights hereunder, pursuant to the Note, or pursuant to any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or
thereby, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof (including but not limited to
the sale of the Securities) are for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered
from, or disgorged by the Buyer, or (ii) are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver,
government entity, or any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal
law, common law or equitable cause of action), then (i) to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally
intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement
or setoff had not occurred and (ii) the Company shall immediately pay to the Buyer a dollar amount equal to the amount that was for any
reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, or disgorged by the Buyer,
or (ii) required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver, government entity, or any other person
or entity under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause
of action). 

p. Failure
or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Buyer in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies of the Buyer existing hereunder are cumulative to,
and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Buyer and the
Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 SEAN FOLKSON 

Title: 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

MAST HILL FUND, L.P. 

By: 

Name: 
 PATRICK HASSANI 

Title: 
 CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER 

SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT: 

Principal Amount of Note: 
 200,000.00 
 
 Actual Amount of Purchase Price of Note: 
 170,000.00 

19 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF NOTE 

[attached hereto] 

20 

EXHIBIT B 

PIGGY-BACK REGISTRATION
RIGHTS 

All of the Conversion Shares
shall be deemed Registrable Securities subject to the provisions of this Exhibit B. All capitalized terms used but not defined
in this Exhibit B shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Securities Purchase Agreement to which this Exhibit is attached. 

1. Piggy-Back Registration . 

1.1 Piggy-Back
Rights . If at any time on or after the date of the Closing the Company proposes to file any Registration Statement under the 1933
Act (a Registration Statement with respect to any offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable
or exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for shareholders of the Company for
their account (or by the Company and by shareholders of the Company), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection with
any employee stock option or other benefit plan on Form S-8, (ii) for a dividend reinvestment plan or (iii) in connection with a merger
or acquisition, then the Company shall (x) give written notice of such proposed filing to the holders of Registrable Securities appearing
on the books and records of the Company as such a holder as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before the anticipated
filing date of the Registration Statement, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such Registration
Statement, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, of the offering,
and (y) offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such notice the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Registrable
Securities as such holders may request in writing within three (3) days following receipt of such notice (a Piggy-Back Registration ).
The Company shall cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such registration and shall cause the managing underwriter or underwriters
of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested to be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the
same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities
in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof (with the understanding that the Company shall file the initial prospectus
covering the Buyer s sale of the Registrable Securities at prevailing market prices on the same date that the Registration Statement
is declared effective by the SEC). 

1.2 Withdrawal .
Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holder s request for inclusion of Registrable Securities in any
Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand pursuant to written
contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement.
Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable Securities in connection
with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in Section 1.5 below. 

1.3 The
Company shall notify the holders of Registrable Securities at any time when a prospectus relating to such holder s Registrable Securities
is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, upon discovery that, or upon the happening of any event as a result of which, the prospectus
included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing.
At the request of such holder, the Company shall also prepare, file and furnish to such holder a reasonable number of copies of a supplement
to or an amendment of such prospectus as may be necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of the Registrable Securities,
such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing. The holders of Registrable Securities
shall not to offer or sell any Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement after receipt of such notification until the
receipt of such supplement or amendment. 

1.4 The
Company may request a holder of Registrable Securities to furnish the Company such information with respect to such holder and such holder s
proposed distribution of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement as the
Company may from time to time reasonably request in writing or as shall be required by law or by the SEC in connection therewith, and
such holders shall furnish the Company with such information. 

21 

1.5 All fees and expenses incident to the
performance of or compliance with this Exhibit B by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether or not any Registrable
Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence shall include,
without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Company s
counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the SEC, (B) with respect to filings
required to be made with any trading market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, (C) in compliance with applicable
state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without limitation, fees and
disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the Registrable Securities) and
(D) with respect to any filing that may be required to be made by any broker through which a holder of Registrable Securities
intends to make sales of Registrable Securities with the FINRA, (ii) printing expenses, (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery
expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) 1933 Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such
insurance, (vi) fees and expenses of all other persons or entities retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit B and (vii) reasonable fees and disbursements of a single special counsel for the
holders of Registrable Securities (selected by holders of the majority of the Registrable Securities requesting such registration)
which shall in no event exceed 2,500 in fees. In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses
incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all
salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the
fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required
hereunder. In no event shall the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any holder of Registrable
Securities. 

1.6 The
Company and its successors and assigns shall indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer, each holder of Registrable Securities, the officers,
directors, members, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person
holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each individual or entity who controls
the Buyer or any such holder of Registrable Securities (within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act)
and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally
equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such controlling individual
or entity (each, an Indemnified Party ), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all
losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively,
 Losses ), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
contained in a Registration Statement, any related prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in
any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any such prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or any
state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Exhibit B,
except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based upon information regarding the Buyer
or such holder of Registrable Securities furnished to the Company by such party for use therein. The Company shall notify the Buyer and
each holder of Registrable Securities promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any proceeding arising from or in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit B of which the Company is aware. 

1.7 If the indemnification
under Section 1.6 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless for any Losses, then
the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is appropriate to
reflect the relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that
resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company and Indemnified
Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to
information supplied by, the Company or the Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to
information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a
result of any Losses shall be deemed to include any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in
connection with any proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification
provided for in Section 1.6 was available to such party in accordance with its terms. It is agreed that it would not be just and
equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 1.7 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation
that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the
provisions of this Section 1.7, neither the Buyer nor any holder of Registrable Securities shall be required to contribute, in the
aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net proceeds actually received by such party from the sale of all of
their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement or related prospectus exceeds the amount of any damages that
such party has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged
omission. 

[End of Exhibit B] 

22 

Exhibit C 

(see attached) 

23 

</EX-10.40>

<EX-10.41>
 7
 f10k2023ex10-41_nightfood.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE WITH MAST HILL FUND, L.P. DATED JUNE 1, 2023

Exhibit 10.41 

THIS
INSTRUMENT CONTAINS AN AFFIDAVIT OF CONFESSION OF JUDGMENT PROVISION WHICH CONSTITUTES A WAIVER OF IMPORTANT RIGHTS BORROWER MAY HAVE
AND ALLOWS THE HOLDER TO OBTAIN A JUDGMENT AGAINST BORROWER WITHOUT ANY FURTHER NOTICE. 

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE THE LEGAL COUNSEL OPINION (AS DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT)),
IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A
OR REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

Principal
 Amount: 200,000.00 
 Issue
 Date: May 31, 2023 
 
 Actual
 Amount of Purchase Price: 170,000.00 

SECURED
PROMISSORY NOTE 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED , NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. , a Nevada corporation (hereinafter called the Borrower or the Company (Trading Symbol: NGTF), hereby promises to pay to the order of MAST HILL FUND, L.P. , a Delaware limited partnership, or registered
assigns (the Holder ), in the form of lawful money of the United States of America, the principal sum of 200,000.00, which
amount is the 170,000.00 actual amount of the purchase price (the Consideration hereof plus an original issue discount
in the amount of 30,000.00 (the OID (subject to adjustment herein) (the Principal Amount and to pay interest
on the unpaid Principal Amount hereof at the rate of eight percent (8 (the Interest Rate per annum from the date hereof
(the Issue Date until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise,
as further provided herein. The maturity date shall be twelve (12) months from the Issue Date (the Maturity Date ), and
is the date upon which the Principal Amount, the OID, as well as any accrued and unpaid interest and other fees, shall be due and payable. 

This
Note may not be prepaid or repaid in whole or in part except as otherwise explicitly set forth herein. 

Any
Principal Amount or interest on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of the lesser of (i) sixteen percent
(16 per annum and (ii) the maximum amount permitted by law from the due date thereof until the same is paid Default Interest ).
Interest and Default Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. 

All
payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, of the Borrower (the Common
Stock in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America. All payments shall
be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made in accordance with the provisions of
this Note. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a business day, the same
shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a business day. 

Each
capitalized term used herein, and not otherwise defined, shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in that certain Securities Purchase
Agreement, dated as of the Issue Date, pursuant to which this Note was originally issued (the Purchase Agreement ). As used
in this Note, the term business day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial banks
in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed. As used herein, the term Trading
Day means any day that shares of Common Stock are listed for trading or quotation on the Principal Market (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement), provided, however, that if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on any Principal Market, then any business day. 

This
Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive
rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. 

1 

In
connection with the issuance of this Note, the Borrower issued the Second Warrant (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Second
Warrant to Holder as a commitment fee, provided, however, that the Second Warrant shall, without any further action by either
party thereto, be cancelled and extinguished in its entirety if the Note is fully repaid and satisfied on or prior to the Maturity Date,
subject further to the terms and conditions of this Note. 

The
following terms shall also apply to this Note: 

ARTICLE
I. CONVERSION RIGHTS 

1.1
 Conversion Right. The Holder shall have the right, at any time on or following the date that an Event of Default (as defined in
this Note) occurs under this Note, to convert all or any portion of the then outstanding and unpaid Principal Amount and interest (including
any Default Interest) into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any
shares of capital stock or other securities of the Borrower into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified,
at the Conversion Price (as defined below) determined as provided herein (a Conversion ), by submitting to the Borrower
or Borrower s transfer agent a Notice of Conversion (as defined in this Note) by e-mail dispatched on the Conversion Date prior
to 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time; provided, however , that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the
a Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of this Note, pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving
effect to such issuance after conversion as set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, the Holder (together with the Holder s
affiliates (the Affiliates ), and any other Persons (as defined below) acting as a group together with the Holder or any
of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned
by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note with respect
to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) conversion
of the remaining, nonconverted portion of this Note beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties
and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company subject to a limitation
on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1.1, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the
Holder that the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination
as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 1.1, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock,
a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic or
annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent
written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written
or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares
of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect
to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Note, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties
since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation 
shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. Person 
and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an
unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof. The limitations contained
in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Note. The number of Conversion Shares to be issued upon each conversion of
this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined below) by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect
on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Conversion ),
delivered to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent by the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note; provided that the
Notice of Conversion is submitted by e-mail to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York
time on such conversion date (the Conversion Date ). The term Conversion Amount means, with respect to any
conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the Principal Amount of this Note to be converted in such conversion plus (2) at the Holder s
option, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such Principal Amount at the Interest Rate to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at
the Holder s option, Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2). 

2 

1.2 Conversion
Price. 

(a) Calculation
of Conversion Price. The per share conversion price into which Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest)
under this Note shall be convertible into shares of Common Stock hereunder as further described in this Note (the Conversion
Price shall equal 0.10, subject to adjustment as provided in this Note. If at any time the Conversion Price as determined
hereunder for any conversion would be less than the par value of the Common Stock, then at the sole discretion of the Holder, the
Conversion Price hereunder may equal such par value for such conversion and the Conversion Amount for such conversion may be
increased to include Additional Principal, where Additional Principal means such additional amount to be added to the
Conversion Amount to the extent necessary to cause the number of conversion shares issuable upon such conversion to equal the same
number of conversion shares as would have been issued had the Conversion Price not been adjusted by the Holder to the par value
price. Holder shall be entitled to deduct 1,750.00 from the conversion amount in each Notice of Conversion to cover Holder s
fees associated with each Notice of Conversion. All such Conversion Price determinations are to be appropriately adjusted for any
stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, rights offerings, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately
decreases or increases the Common Stock. If the Company, at any time while this Note is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or
otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock
Equivalents, (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of
a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues, in the event of a
reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Company, then the Conversion Price shall be
multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the
Company) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence shall become effective
immediately after the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall
become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Company s subsidiaries which would entitle the holder
thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or
other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof
to receive, Common Stock. 

1.3 Authorized
and Reserved Shares. The Borrower covenants that at all times until the Note is satisfied in full, the Borrower will reserve
from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the
issuance of a number of Conversion Shares equal to the greater of: (a) 6,437,647 shares of Common Stock or (b) the product of (i)
the number of Conversion Shares issuable upon the full conversion of this Note (assuming no payment of Principal Amount or interest)
at the time of such calculation (taking into consideration any adjustments to the Conversion Price as provided in this Note) multiplied
by (ii) four (4) (the Reserved Amount ); provided that for purposes of this Section 1.3, the Company and the Holder
agree and acknowledge that the aforementioned formula in Section 1.3(b) of this Note shall only be in effect on and after the date
that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date. The Borrower represents that upon issuance, the Conversion Shares will be duly
and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. The Borrower (i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer
agent to issue certificates for the Conversion Shares or instructions to have the Conversion Shares issued as contemplated by
Section 1.4(f) hereof, and (ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers and agents who
are charged with the duty of executing stock certificates or cause the Company to electronically issue shares of Common Stock to
execute and issue the necessary certificates for the Conversion Shares or cause the Conversion Shares to be issued as contemplated
by Section 1.4(f) hereof in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Note. 

3 

1.4 Method
of Conversion. 

(a) [Intentionally
Omitted] . 

(b) Surrender
of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in accordance
with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid
Principal Amount is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the Principal Amount so converted and
the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower, so as not to
require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, such records of the
Holder shall, prima facie, be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if any portion of this Note is converted as aforesaid, the Holder may not transfer this Note unless the Holder first physically
surrenders this Note to the Borrower, whereupon the Borrower will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new
Note of like tenor, registered as the Holder (upon payment by the Holder of any applicable transfer taxes) may request, representing
in the aggregate the remaining unpaid Principal Amount of this Note. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note,
acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Note, the
unpaid and unconverted Principal Amount of this Note represented by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face
hereof. 

(c) Payment
of Taxes . The Borrower shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the
issue and delivery of shares of Common Stock or other securities or property on conversion of this Note in a name other than that of
the Holder (or in street name), and the Borrower shall not be required to issue or deliver any such shares or other securities or
property unless and until the person or persons (other than the Holder or the custodian in whose street name such shares are to be
held for the Holder s account) requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Borrower the amount of any such tax or
shall have established to the satisfaction of the Borrower that such tax has been paid. 

(d) Delivery
of Common Stock Upon Conversion . Upon receipt by the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent from the Holder of an e-mail of
a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall issue and deliver
or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates for the Conversion Shares (or cause the
electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof) within two (2) Trading Day after such receipt
(the Deadline (and, solely in the case of conversion of the entire unpaid Principal Amount and interest (including
any Default Interest) under this Note, surrender of this Note). If the Company shall fail for any reason or for no reason to issue
to the Holder on or prior to the Deadline a certificate for the number of Conversion Shares or to which the Holder is entitled
hereunder and register such Conversion Shares on the Company s share register or to credit the Holder s balance account
with DTC (as defined below) for such number of Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder s conversion
of this Note (a Conversion Failure ), then, in addition to all other remedies available to the Holder, (i) the Company
shall pay in cash to the Holder on each day after the Deadline and during such Conversion Failure an amount equal to 2.0 of the
product of (A) the sum of the number of Conversion Shares not issued to the Holder on or prior to the Deadline and to which the
Holder is entitled and (B) the closing sale price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the last possible
date which the Company could have issued such Conversion Shares to the Holder without violating this Section 1.4(d); and (ii) the
Holder, upon written notice to the Company, may void all or any portion of such Notice of Conversion; provided that the voiding of
all or any portion of a Notice of Conversion shall not affect the Company s obligations to make any payments which have
accrued prior to the date of such notice. In addition to the foregoing, if on or prior to the Deadline the Company shall fail to
issue and deliver a certificate to the Holder and register such Conversion Shares on the Company s share register or credit
the Holder s balance account with DTC for the number of Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the
Holder s exercise hereunder or pursuant to the Company s obligation pursuant to clause (ii) below, and if on or after
such Trading Day the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction
of a sale by the Holder of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise that the Holder anticipated receiving from the
Company, then the Company shall, within two (2) Trading Days after the Holder s request and in the Holder s discretion,
either (i) pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holder s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and
other reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (the Buy-In
Price ), at which point the Company s obligation to deliver such certificate (and to issue such Conversion Shares) or
credit such Holder s balance account with DTC for such Conversion Shares shall terminate, or (ii) promptly honor its
obligation to deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing such Conversion Shares or credit such Holder s
balance account with DTC and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product
of (A) such number of shares of Common Stock, times (B) the closing sales price of the Common Stock on the date of exercise. Nothing
shall limit the Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to timely deliver
certificates representing the Conversion Shares (or to electronically deliver such Conversion Shares) upon the conversion of this
Note as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

4 

(e) Obligation
of Borrower to Deliver Common Stock. At the time that the Holder submits the Notice of Conversion to the Borrower or
Borrower s transfer agent pursuant to the terms hereof, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the
Conversion Shares issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding Principal Amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest
(including any Default Interest) under this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion, and, unless the Borrower defaults on
its obligations under this Article I, all rights with respect to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith
terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock or other securities, cash or other assets, as herein provided, on such
conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided herein, the Borrower s obligation to issue and
deliver the certificates for the Conversion Shares (or cause the electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares as contemplated by
Section 1.4(f) hereof) shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder to enforce the
same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or any action to
enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation of the Borrower to the holder of record, or any
setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to the
Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in
connection with such conversion. The Conversion Date specified in the Notice of Conversion shall be the Conversion Date so long as
the Notice of Conversion is sent to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time, on
such date. 

(f) Delivery
of Conversion Shares by Electronic Transfer . In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Conversion Shares
issuable upon conversion hereof, provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company DTC Fast
Automated Securities Transfer or Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian programs, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the
provisions contained in Section 1.1 and in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to
electronically transmit the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion hereof to the Holder by crediting the account of
Holder s Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system. 

1.5 Concerning
the Shares . The Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless (i) such shares
are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have
been furnished with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be the Legal Counsel Opinion (as defined in the Purchase Agreement))
to the effect that the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration
or (iii) such shares are sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, or (iv)
such shares are transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise
transfer the shares only in accordance with this Section 1.5 and who is an Accredited Investor (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement). Except as otherwise provided in the Purchase Agreement (and subject to the removal provisions set forth below), until
such time as the Conversion Shares have been registered under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A,
Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can
then be immediately sold, each certificate for the Conversion Shares that has not been so included in an effective registration
statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption that permits removal of the
legend, shall bear a legend substantially in the following form, as appropriate: 

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE THE LEGAL COUNSEL OPINION (AS DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT)),
IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A,
REGULATIONS UNDER SAID ACT, OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

5 

The
legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue to the Holder a certificate for the applicable Conversion Shares
without such legend upon which it is stamped or (as requested by the Holder) issue the applicable Conversion Shares by electronic delivery
by crediting the account of such holder s broker with DTC, if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws: (a)
such Conversion Shares are registered for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be
sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities
as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) the Company or the Holder provides the Legal Counsel Opinion (as contemplated
by and in accordance with Section 4(m) of the Purchase Agreement) to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Conversion Shares
may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected.
The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance. The Holder agrees
to sell all Conversion Shares, including those represented by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance
with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided
by the Holder with respect to the transfer of Conversion Shares pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, Rule 144A,
Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, at the Deadline, notwithstanding that the conditions of Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation
S, or other applicable exemption, as applicable, have been met, it will be considered an Event of Default under this Note. 

1.6 Effect
of Certain Events. 

(a) Effect
of Merger, Consolidation, Etc . At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Borrower, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower with or into any other Person
(as defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall either: (i) be deemed to be an Event of Default pursuant
to which the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition to such transaction an
amount equal to the Default Amount (as defined in this Note) or (ii) be treated pursuant to Section 1.6(b) hereof.
 Person shall mean any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other
entity or organization. 

(b) Adjustment
Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc . If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion of all of
this Note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event,
as a result of which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of
another class or classes of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then
the Holder of this Note shall thereafter have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms
and conditions specified herein and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such
stock, securities or assets which the Holder would have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in
full immediately prior to such transaction (without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case
appropriate provisions shall be made with respect to the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the
provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions for adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares
issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities
or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower shall not effectuate any transaction described in this
Section 1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable, at least thirty (30) days prior written notice (but in any
event at least fifteen (15) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special meeting of shareholders to approve, or if
there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization
or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to convert this Note) and (b) the resulting
successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations of this Section 1.6(b). The above
provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges. 

(c) Adjustment
Due to Distribution. If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to
holders of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend or
distribution to the Borrower s shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary
(i.e., a spin-off)) (a Distribution ), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note
after the date of record for determining shareholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which
would have been payable to the Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been
the holder of such shares of Common Stock on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to such
Distribution. 

6 

(d) Purchase
Rights. If, at any time when all or any portion of this Note is issued and outstanding, the Borrower issues any convertible
securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property (the Purchase Rights pro rata to the
record holders of any class of Common Stock, then the Holder of this Note will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to
such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which such Holder could have acquired if such Holder had held the number of
shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on conversion contained
herein) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights or, if no
such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of
such Purchase Rights. 

(e) Dilutive
Issuance . Except for Exempt Issuances (as defined in this Note) and Reg A Issuances (as defined in this Note), if the Borrower,
at any time while this Note or any amounts due hereunder are outstanding, issues, sells or grants (or has issued, sold or granted as
of the Issue Date, as the case may be) any option to purchase, or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of, or
issues (or has sold or issued, as the case may be, or announces any sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition), any
Common Stock or other securities convertible into, exercisable for, or otherwise entitle any person or entity the right to acquire,
shares of Common Stock (including, without limitation, upon conversion of this Note, and any convertible notes or warrants
outstanding as of or following the Issue Date), in each or any case at an effective price per share that is lower than the then
Conversion Price (such lower price, the Base Conversion Price and such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive
Issuance (it being agreed that if the holder of the Common Stock or other securities so issued shall at any time, whether by
operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to
warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common
Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the Conversion Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for
less than the Conversion Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance), then the Conversion Price shall be reduced, at the option of
the Holder, to a price equal to the Base Conversion Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or other
securities are issued. By way of example, and for the avoidance of doubt, if the Company issues a convertible promissory note
(including but not limited to a Variable Rate Transaction (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)), and the holder of such
convertible promissory note has the right to convert it into Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the
then Conversion Price (including but not limited to a conversion price with a discount that varies with the trading prices of or
quotations for the Common Stock), then the Holder has the right to reduce the Conversion Price to such Base Conversion Price
(including but not limited to a conversion price with a discount that varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the Common
Stock) in perpetuity regardless of whether the holder of such convertible promissory note ever effectuated a conversion at the Base
Conversion Price. In the event of an issuance of securities involving multiple tranches or closings, any adjustment pursuant to this
Section 1.6(e) shall be calculated as if all such securities were issued at the initial closing. Exempt Issuance means
the issuance, vesting and/or exercise of options, warrants, restricted stock, restricted stock units or other common stock purchase
rights issued (or to be issued) to employees, officers or directors of, or consultants or advisors to, the Company for compensatory
purposes pursuant to any stock purchase plan, stock option plan, equity incentive plan or other plan or arrangement approved by the
Board of Directors (or the Compensation Committee thereof) at any time. Reg A Issuances means an issuance of Common
Stock (or units consisting of Common Stock and warrants) pursuant to an offering by the Company under Regulation A so long as the
offering price of each share of Common Stock is equal to or greater than 0.10 (subject to adjustment for any stock split, stock
combination, or other similar transactions; and for the avoidance of doubt, assuming any such warrants have no value), provided,
however, that if an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) occurs at any time, then this Section 1.6(e) of this Note shall apply
to each and every Reg A Issuance on or after the Issue Date as well as the exercise price of any common stock purchase warrants
issued as part of a unit in connection with a Reg A Issuance. 

(f) Notice
of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events
described in Section 1.6 of this Note, the Borrower shall, at its expense and within one (1) business day after the occurrence of
each respective adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price, compute such adjustment or readjustment and prepare and furnish
to the Holder a certificate setting forth (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such time based upon the Dilutive Issuance, (ii) the
number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities or property which at the time would be received upon
conversion of the Note, (iii) the detailed facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based, and (iv) copies of the
documentation (including but not limited to relevant transaction documents) that evidences the adjustment or readjustment. In
addition, the Borrower shall, within one (1) business day after each written request from the Holder, furnish to such Holder a like
certificate setting forth (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such time based upon the Dilutive Issuance, (ii) the number of
shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities or property which at the time would be received upon conversion
of the Note, (iii) the detailed facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based, and (iv) copies of the documentation
(including but not limited to relevant transaction documents) that evidences the adjustment or readjustment. For the avoidance of
doubt, each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events described in Section 1.6 of this Note shall
occur without any action by the Holder and regardless of whether the Borrower complied with the notification provisions in Section
1.6 of this Note. 

7 

1.7 [Intentionally
Omitted] . 

1.8 Status
as Shareholder. Upon submission of a Notice of Conversion by a Holder, (i) the Conversion Shares covered thereby (other than the
Conversion Shares, if any, which cannot be issued because their issuance would exceed such Holder s allocated portion of the
Reserved Amount or Maximum Share Amount) shall be deemed converted into shares of Common Stock and (ii) the Holder s rights as
a Holder of such converted portion of this Note shall cease and terminate, excepting only the right to receive certificates for such
shares of Common Stock and to any remedies provided herein or otherwise available at law or in equity to such Holder because of a
failure by the Borrower to comply with the terms of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Holder has not received
certificates for all shares of Common Stock prior to the tenth (10th) business day after the expiration of the Deadline with respect
to a conversion of any portion of this Note for any reason, then (unless the Holder otherwise elects to retain its status as a
holder of Common Stock by so notifying the Borrower) the Holder shall regain the rights of a Holder of this Note with respect to
such unconverted portions of this Note and the Borrower shall, as soon as practicable, return such unconverted Note to the Holder
or, if the Note has not been surrendered, adjust its records to reflect that such portion of this Note has not been converted. In
all cases, the Holder shall retain all of its rights and remedies for the Borrower s failure to convert this Note. 

1.9 Prepayment. At
any time prior to the date that an Event of Default occurs under this Note, the Borrower shall have the right, exercisable on three
(3) Trading Days prior written notice to the Holder of the Note, to prepay the outstanding Principal Amount and interest then due
under this Note in accordance with this Section 1.9. Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an Optional Prepayment
Notice shall be delivered to the Holder of the Note at its registered addresses and shall state: (1) that the Borrower is
exercising its right to prepay the Note, and (2) the date of prepayment which shall be three (3) Trading Days from the date of the
Optional Prepayment Notice (the Optional Prepayment Date ). On the Optional Prepayment Date, the Borrower shall make
payment of the amounts designated below to or upon the order of the Holder as specified by the Holder in writing to the Borrower. If
the Borrower exercises its right to prepay the Note in accordance with this Section 1.9, the Borrower shall make payment to the
Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum of: (w) 100 multiplied by the Principal Amount then outstanding plus (x)
accrued and unpaid interest on the Principal Amount to the Optional Prepayment Date plus (y) 750.00 to reimburse Holder for
administrative fees. 

If
the Borrower delivers an Optional Prepayment Notice and fails to pay the applicable prepayment amount due to the Holder of the Note as
provided in this Section 1.9, then the Borrower shall forever forfeit its right to prepay any part of the Note pursuant to this Section
1.9. 

1.10 Repayment
from Proceeds . If, at any time prior to the full repayment or full conversion of all amounts owed under this Note, the Company
receives cash proceeds from any source or series of related or unrelated sources from the issuance of equity (excluding the
conversion of outstanding warrants of the Company), debt or the issuance of securities pursuant to an Equity Line of Credit (as
defined in this Note)) of the Borrower, the Borrower shall, within three (3) business days of Borrower s receipt of such
proceeds, inform the Holder of or publicly disclose such receipt, following which the Holder shall have the right in its sole
discretion to require the Borrower to immediately apply up to 50 of such proceeds to repay all or any portion of the outstanding
Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) then due under this Note. Failure of the Borrower to comply with this
provision shall constitute an Event of Default. Equity Line of Credit shall mean any transaction involving a written
agreement between the Company and an investor or underwriter whereby the Company has the right to put its Common Stock
to the investor or underwriter over an agreed period of time and at an agreed price or price formula (such Common Stock must be
registered pursuant to a registration statement of the Company for the investor s or underwriter s resale).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 1.10 of this Note shall not apply to any revenue from the sale of goods in the ordinary
course. 

8 

ARTICLE
II. RANKING AND CERTAIN COVENANTS 

2.1 Ranking
and Security . Once the Company pays the Final Settlement Payments (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Final
Settlement Payments ), this Note shall be a senior secured obligation of the Borrower, with priority over all existing and
future indebtedness of the Borrower, as provided in that certain Security Agreement (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the
 Security Agreement ). 

2.2 Other
Indebtedness . In addition to all obligations under the Security Agreement, beginning once the Company pays the Final Settlement
Payments and continuing for so long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not (directly or
indirectly through any Subsidiary or affiliate) incur or suffer to exist or guarantee any indebtedness that is senior to or pari
passu with (in priority of payment and performance) the Borrower s obligations hereunder, including but not limited to (a) all
indebtedness of the Borrower for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase price of property or services, including any type of
letters of credit, (b) all obligations of the Borrower evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments, (c)
purchase money indebtedness hereafter incurred by the Borrower to finance the purchase of fixed or capital assets, including all
capital lease obligations of the Borrower which do not exceed the purchase price of the assets funded, (d) all guarantee obligations
of the Borrower in respect of obligations of the kind referred to in clauses (a) through (c) above that the Borrower would not be
permitted to incur or enter into, and (e) all obligations of the kind referred to in clauses (a) through (d) above that the Borrower
is not permitted to incur or enter into that are secured and/or unsecured by (or for which the holder of such obligation has an
existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured and/or unsecured by) any lien or encumbrance on property (including accounts
and contract rights) owned by the Borrower, whether or not the Borrower has assumed or become liable for the payment of such
obligation. 

2.3 Distributions
on Capital Stock. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the
Holder s written consent pay, declare or set apart for such payment, any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash,
property or other securities) on shares of capital stock other than dividends on shares of Common Stock solely in the form of
additional shares of Common Stock. 

2.4 Restriction
on Stock Repurchases and Debt Repayments. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall
not without the Holder s written consent redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire (whether for cash or in exchange for property
or other securities or otherwise) in any one transaction or series of related transactions any shares of capital stock of the
Borrower or any warrants, rights or options to purchase or acquire any such shares, or repay any pari passu or subordinated
indebtedness of Borrower. 

2.5 Sale
of Assets. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s
written consent, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets outside the ordinary course of business.
Any consent by the Holder to the disposition of any assets may be conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds of
disposition. 

2.6 Advances
and Loans; Affiliate Transactions. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not,
without the Holder s written consent, lend money, give credit or make advances to any person, firm, joint venture or
corporation, including, without limitation, officers, directors, employees, subsidiaries and affiliates of the Borrower, except
loans, credits or advances (a) in existence or committed on the Issue Date and which the Borrower has informed Holder in writing
prior to the Issue Date, (b) in regard to transactions with unaffiliated third parties, made in the ordinary course of business or
(c) in regard to transactions with unaffiliated third parties, not in excess of 100,000. So long as the Borrower shall have any
obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s written consent, repay any affiliate (as defined in
Rule 144) of the Borrower in connection with any indebtedness or accrued amounts owed to any such party. 

2.7 Section
3(a)(9) or 3(a)(10) Transaction . So long as this Note is outstanding, the Borrower shall not enter into any transaction or
arrangement structured in accordance with, based upon, or related or pursuant to, in whole or in part, either Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act (a 3(a)(9) Transaction or Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act (a 3(a)(10)
Transaction ). In the event that the Borrower does enter into, or makes any issuance of Common Stock related to a 3(a)(9)
Transaction or a 3(a)(10) Transaction while this note is outstanding, a liquidated damages charge of 25 of the outstanding
principal balance of this Note, but not less than 25,000, will be assessed and will become immediately due and payable to the
Holder at its election in the form of a cash payment or added to the balance of this Note (under Holder s and Borrower s
expectation that this amount will tack back to the Issue Date). This Section 2.7 shall not apply to the Company s existing
convertible notes issued prior to the Issue Date. 

9 

2.8 Preservation
of Business and Existence, etc . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not,
without the Holder s written consent, (a) change the nature of its business; (b) sell, divest, change the structure of any
material assets other than in the ordinary course of business; (c) enter into a Variable Rate Transaction; or (d) enter into any
merchant cash advance transactions. In addition, so long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower
shall maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its existence, rights and privileges, and
become or remain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries (other than dormant Subsidiaries that have no or minimum assets) to become or
remain, duly qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or
in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary. 

2.9 Noncircumvention .
The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate or Articles of Incorporation or
Bylaws, or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note,
and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required to protect the
rights of the Holder. 

2.10 Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Note . Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft,
destruction or mutilation of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the
Holder to the Company in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company
shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Note. 

ARTICLE
III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

It
shall be considered an event of default if any of the following events listed in this Article III (each, an Event of Default shall occur: 

3.1 Failure
to Pay Principal or Interest. The Borrower fails to pay the Principal Amount hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note,
whether at maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, or fails to fully comply with Section 1.10 of this Note (provided, however,
that such failure to fully comply with Section 1.10 of this Note shall be subject to a five (5) calendar day cure
period). 

3.2 Conversion
and the Shares. The Borrower (i) fails to issue Conversion Shares to the Holder (or announces or threatens in writing that it
will not honor its obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the
terms of this Note, (ii) fails to transfer or cause its transfer agent to transfer (issue) (electronically or in certificated form)
any certificate for the Conversion Shares issuable to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when
required by this Note, (iii) fails to reserve the Reserved Amount at all times on and after the earlier of (i) the date that an
Event of Default occurs under this Note and (ii) the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date, (iv) the Borrower
directs its transfer agent not to transfer or delays, impairs, and/or hinders its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)
(electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for the Conversion Shares issuable to the Holder upon conversion of or
otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, or fails to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove
or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer
instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Conversion Shares issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise
pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note (or makes any written announcement, statement or threat that it does not
intend to honor the obligations described in this paragraph) and any such failure shall continue uncured (or any written
announcement, statement or threat not to honor its obligations shall not be rescinded in writing) for two (2) Trading Days after the
Holder shall have delivered a Notice of Conversion, and/or (v) fails to remain current in its obligations to its transfer agent
(including but not limited to payment obligations to its transfer agent). It shall be an Event of Default of this Note, if a
conversion of this Note is delayed, hindered or frustrated due to a balance owed by the Borrower to its transfer agent. If at the
option of the Holder, the Holder advances any funds to the Borrower s transfer agent in order to process a conversion, such
advanced funds shall be added to the principal balance of the Note. 

3.3 Breach
of Agreements and Covenants. The Borrower breaches any material covenant, agreement, or other material term or condition
contained in the Purchase Agreement, this Note, Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, Warrant (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement), or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith or
therewith. 

10 

3.4 Breach
of Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made in the Purchase Agreement, this Note,
Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, Warrant, or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or
in connection herewith or therewith shall be false or misleading in any material respect when made. 

3.5 Receiver
or Trustee. The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply for
or consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such a
receiver or trustee shall otherwise be appointed. 

3.6 Judgments. Any
money judgment, writ or similar process shall be entered or filed against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower or any of
its property or other assets for more than 100,000, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty (20)
days unless otherwise consented to by the Holder, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. 

3.7 Bankruptcy. Bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief under any
bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the
Borrower. 

3.8 Failure
to Comply with the 1934 Act. At any time after the Issue Date, the Borrower shall fail to comply with the reporting requirements
of the 1934 Act (subject to a five Trading Day right to cure) and/or the Borrower shall cease to be subject to the reporting
requirements of the 1934 Act. 

3.9 Liquidation. Any
dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business. 

3.10 Cessation
of Operations. Any cessation of operations by Borrower or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts as
such debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrower s ability to continue as a going
concern shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due. 

3.11 Maintenance
of Assets. The failure by Borrower to maintain any material intellectual property rights, personal, real property or other
assets which are necessary to conduct its business (whether now or in the future). 

3.12 Financial
Statement Restatement. The restatement of any financial statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC for any date or period
from two years prior to the Issue Date of this Note and until this Note is no longer outstanding unless the Borrower restates such
financial statements within fifteen (15) calendar days after the date that the Borrower discloses its need to restate such financial
statements in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

3.13 Replacement
of Transfer Agent. In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide, prior
to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the
Reserved Amount) signed by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower. 

3.14 Cross-Default .
The declaration of an event of default by any lender or other extender of credit to the Company under any notes, loans, agreements
or other instruments of the Company evidencing any indebtedness of the Company (including those filed as exhibits to or described in
the Company s filings with the SEC), after the passage of all applicable notice and cure or grace periods. 

3.15 Variable
Rate Transactions . The Borrower consummates a Variable Rate Transaction at any time on or after the Issue Date. 

3.16 Inside
Information . Any attempt by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates to transmit, convey, disclose, or any
actual transmittal, conveyance, or disclosure by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates of, material non-public
information concerning the Borrower, to the Holder or its successors and assigns, which is not immediately cured by Borrower s
filing of a Form 8-K pursuant to Regulation FD on that same date. 

11 

3.17 Unavailability
of Rule 144 . If, at any time on or after the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date, the Holder is unable to
obtain a standard 144 legal opinion letter from an attorney in order to facilitate the Holder s conversion of
any portion of the Note into free trading shares of the Borrower s Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144. 

3.18 Delisting,
Suspension, or Quotation of Trading of Common Stock . If, at any time on or after the Issue Date, the Borrower s Common
Stock (i) is suspended from trading, (ii) halted from trading, and/or (iii) fails to be quoted or listed (as applicable) on a
Principal Market. 

3.19 Market
Capitalization . The Borrower fails to maintain a market capitalization of at least 4,000,000 on any Trading Day, which shall
be calculated by multiplying (i) the closing price of the Borrower s common stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the
respective date of calculation by (ii) the total shares of the Borrower s common stock issued and outstanding on the Trading
Day immediately preceding the respective date of calculation. 

3.20 Rights
and Remedies Upon an Event of Default . Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default specified in this Article III, the Holder
shall no longer be required to cancel and extinguish the Second Warrant under any circumstances, this Note shall become immediately
due and payable, and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the
Principal Amount then outstanding plus accrued interest (including any Default Interest) through the date of full repayment
multiplied by 150 (collectively the Default Amount ), as well as all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees
and expenses, of collection, all without demand, presentment or notice, all of which hereby are expressly waived by the Borrower.
Holder may, in Holder s sole discretion, convert all or any portion of this Note (including the Default Amount) into Common
Stock pursuant to the terms of this Note. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default under this Note, the Holder may, in
Holder s sole discretion, adjust the Conversion Price to fifty percent of the Conversion Price then in effect at the time of
such Event of Default under this Note (subject to adjustment as provided in this Note, including but not limited to appropriate
adjustments for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, rights offerings, reclassification or similar transaction that
proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock). The Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies
available at law or in equity. 

Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default, and in addition to any other right or remedy of the Holder hereunder, under the related transaction
documents, or otherwise at law or in equity, the Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes and empowers Holder or its legal counsel, each
as the Borrower s attorney-in-fact, to appear ex parte and with notice to the Borrower to confess judgment against the Borrower
for the unpaid amount of this Note. The judgment shall set forth the amount then due hereunder, plus attorney s fees and cost of
suit, and to release all errors, and waive all rights of appeal. The Borrower waives the right to contest Holder s rights under
this section, including without limitation the right to any stay of execution and the benefit of all exemption laws now or hereafter
in effect. No single exercise of the foregoing right and power to confess judgment will be deemed to exhaust such power, whether or not
any such exercise shall be held by any court to be invalid, voidable, or void, and such power shall continue undiminished and may be
exercised from time to time as the Holder may elect until all amounts owing on this Note have been paid in full. The Borrower shall provide
a signed and notarized copy of the of the affidavit of confession of judgment attached hereto as Exhibit B on or before
the Closing Date. 

ARTICLE
IV. MISCELLANEOUS 

4.1 Failure
or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude
other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies of the Holder existing
hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. 

12 

4.2 Notices. All
notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and,
unless otherwise specified herein, shall be transmitted by e-mail, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such
party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given
hereunder shall be deemed effective upon delivery by e-mail, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting machine, at
the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be
received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours
where such notice is to be received). The addresses for such communications shall be: 

If
to the Borrower, to: 

NIGHTFOOD
HOLDINGS, INC. 

 520
White Plains Road, Suite 500 

 Tarrytown,
New York 10591 

 Attention:
Sean Folkson 

 e-mail:
sean@nightfood.com 

If
to the Holder: 

MAST
HILL FUND, L.P. 

 48
Parker Road 

 Wellesley,
MA 02482 

 e-mail:
admin@masthillfund.com 

4.3 Amendments. This
Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder. The term
 Note and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument as originally executed,
or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented. 

4.4 Assignability. This
Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its
successors and assigns. Neither the Borrower nor the Holder shall assign this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder without
the prior written consent of the other. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holder may assign its rights hereunder to any
 accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act) in a private transaction from the Holder or to any of
its affiliates , as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Borrower. Notwithstanding
anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note may be pledged as collateral in connection with a bona fide margin account or other
lending arrangement. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that following conversion of a
portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note represented by this Note may be less than the amount
stated on the face hereof. 

4.5 Cost
of Collection. If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection,
including reasonable attorneys fees. 

4.6 Governing
Law; Venue; Attorney s Fees. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
Nevada without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the
transactions contemplated by this Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be
brought only in the state courts located in the State of Nevada or federal courts located in the State of Nevada. The Borrower
hereby irrevocably waives any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any
defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . THE BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES
ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH
OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of
process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Note or any other agreement,
certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or
overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees
that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be
deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. The prevailing party in any action or
dispute brought in connection with this the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or
thereby shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. 

13 

4.7 Certain
Amounts. Whenever pursuant to this Note the Borrower is required to pay an amount in excess of the outstanding Principal Amount
(or the portion thereof required to be paid at that time) plus accrued and unpaid interest plus Default Interest on such interest,
the Borrower and the Holder agree that the actual damages to the Holder from the receipt of cash payment on this Note may be
difficult to determine and the amount to be so paid by the Borrower represents stipulated damages and not a penalty and is intended
to compensate the Holder in part for loss of the opportunity to convert this Note and to earn a return from the sale of shares of
Common Stock acquired upon conversion of this Note at a price in excess of the price paid for such shares pursuant to this Note. The
Borrower and the Holder hereby agree that such amount of stipulated damages is not plainly disproportionate to the possible loss to
the Holder from the receipt of a cash payment without the opportunity to convert this Note into shares of Common Stock. 

4.8 Purchase
Agreement. The Company and the Holder shall be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement and the documents entered
into in connection herewith and therewith. 

4.9 Notice
of Corporate Events. Except as otherwise provided below, the Holder of this Note shall have no rights as a Holder of Common
Stock unless and only to the extent that it converts this Note into Common Stock. The Borrower shall provide the Holder with prior
notification of any meeting of the Borrower s shareholders (and copies of proxy materials and other information sent to
shareholders). In the event of any taking by the Borrower of a record of its shareholders for the purpose of determining
shareholders who are entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or
otherwise acquire (including by way of merger, consolidation, reclassification or recapitalization) any share of any class or any
other securities or property, or to receive any other right, or for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to vote
in connection with any change in control or any proposed liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Borrower, the Borrower shall
mail a notice to the Holder, at least twenty (20) days prior to the record date specified therein (or thirty (30) days prior to the
consummation of the transaction or event, whichever is earlier), of the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose
of such dividend, distribution, right or other event, and a brief statement regarding the amount and character of such dividend,
distribution, right or other event to the extent known at such time. The Borrower shall make a public announcement of any event
requiring notification to the Holder hereunder substantially simultaneously with the notification to the Holder in accordance with
the terms of this Section 4.9. 

4.10 Remedies. The
Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by vitiating the
intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at law for a
breach of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the
Borrower of the provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in
equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any
breach of this Note and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and
without any bond or other security being required. 

4.11 Construction;
Headings . This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and all the Holder and shall not be construed against
any person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect
the interpretation of, this Note. 

4.12 Usury .
To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and
will resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time
hereafter in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Holder in order to enforce any right or
remedy under this Note. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Note, it is expressly agreed and provided
that the total liability of the Company under this Note for payments which under the applicable law are in the nature of interest
shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate ), and, without limiting the
foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums which
under the applicable law in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under this Note exceed such Maximum
Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by applicable law and applicable to this Note is increased
or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the Issue Date, the new maximum contract rate of interest
allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to this Note from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is
precluded by applicable law. If under any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to
the Holder with respect to indebtedness evidenced by this the Note, such excess shall be applied by the Holder to the unpaid
principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at the
Holder s election. 

14 

4.13 Severability. In
the event that any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law (including any
judicial ruling), then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed
modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Note. 

4.14 Dispute
Resolution . In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount
or Default Amount, Issue, Closing or Maturity Date, the closing bid price, or fair market value (as the case may be) or the
arithmetic calculation of the Conversion Price or the applicable prepayment amount(s) (as the case may be), the Borrower or the
Holder shall submit the disputed determinations or arithmetic calculations via electronic mail (i) within two (2) Trading Days after
receipt of the applicable notice giving rise to such dispute to the Borrower or the Holder or (ii) if no notice gave rise to such
dispute, at any time after the Holder learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Borrower are
unable to agree upon such determination or calculation within two (2) Trading Days of such disputed determination or arithmetic
calculation (as the case may be) being submitted to the Borrower or the Holder, then the Borrower shall, within two (2) Trading
Days, submit (a) the disputed determination of the Conversion Price, the closing bid price, the or fair market value (as the case
may be) to an independent, reputable investment bank selected by the Borrower and approved by the Holder or (b) the disputed
arithmetic calculation of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount or Default Amount, to an independent,
outside accountant selected by the Holder that is reasonably acceptable to the Borrower. The Borrower shall cause at its expense the
investment bank or the accountant to perform the determinations or calculations and notify the Borrower and the Holder of the
results no later than two (2) Trading Days from the time it receives such disputed determinations or calculations. Such investment
bank s or accountant s determination or calculation shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable
error. 

[signature
page follows] 

15 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer on May 31, 2023. 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Name: Sean Folkson 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

16 

EXHIBIT
A NOTICE OF CONVERSION 

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert principal amount of the Note (defined below) into that number of shares of Common Stock
to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note Common Stock as set forth below, of NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. ,
a Nevada corporation (the Borrower ), according to the conditions of the promissory note of the Borrower dated as of May
31, 2023 (the Note ), as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion, except for
transfer taxes, if any. 

Box
Checked as to applicable instructions: 

The
 Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned
 or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system DWAC Transfer ). 

Name
 of DTC Prime Broker: 

Account
 Number: 

The
 undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock set forth
 below (which numbers are based on the Holder s calculation attached hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if
 additional space is necessary, on an attachment hereto: 

Date of Conversion: 

Applicable Conversion Price: 

Number of Shares of Common Stock to be 
Issued Pursuant to Conversion of the Note: 

Amount of Principal Balance Due remaining 
Under the Note after this conversion: 

By:

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

A- 1 

EXHIBIT
B CONFESSION OF JUDGMENT 

(see
attached) 

B- 1 

Affidavit
of Confession of Judgment 

STATE OF NEVADA 

----------------------------------------------------------------------- X 

MAST HILL FUND, L.P., 

Index No. 
 
 Plaintiff, 

AFFIDAVIT OF CONFESSION OF 
 
 - against - 
 JUDGMENT 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., 
 - 
 
 Defendant. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------- X 

STATE OF NEVADA 
 ss.: 

Sean
Folkson, being duly sworn, hereby deposes and says: 

1.
I am the Chief Executive Officer of defendant NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation Borrower ). As such, I am
fully familiar with all the facts and circumstances recited herein on personal knowledge. Borrower has its principal place of
business at 520 White Plains Road, Suite 500, Tarrytown, New York 10591. On behalf of the Borrower, I hereby confess judgment in
favor of MAST HILL FUND, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Mast Hill ), with its address at 48 Parker Road,
Wellesley, MA 02482, in the amount of 200,000.00, less any payments made on or after the date of this affidavit of confession of
judgment, plus Default Interest (as defined in the Note (as defined herein)) on said amount and all other applicable penalties under
the Note. In no event shall interest payable hereunder exceed the maximum permissible under applicable law. 

2.
I hereby authorize the federal courts and/or state courts located in the State of Nevada to enter judgment against Borrower in the
amount of in the amount of 200,000.00, less any payments made on or after the date of this affidavit of confession of judgment,
plus Default Interest on said amount and all other applicable penalties under the Note, plus the costs and attorneys fees
that are set forth below, less any payments made on or after the date of this affidavit of confession of judgment, upon
Borrower s failure for any reason to timely make any payment to Mast Hill called for by the promissory note between of the
parties, dated May 31, 2023 (the Note ), due to the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) under
the Note. 

B- 2 

3.
In order to secure these obligations, Borrower agreed to simultaneously deliver with the execution of the Note this Affidavit of
Confession of Judgment. 

4.
The sums confessed pursuant to this affidavit of confession of judgment are justly due and owing to Mast Hill under the following
circumstances: Borrower entered into the Note pursuant to which Borrower promised to pay to the order of Mast Hill the principal sum
of 200,000.00 plus interest as provided for therein. The amounts confessed by this affidavit represent a promissory note investment
by Mast Hill in Borrower and arise out of Borrower s breach of its obligations under the Note. 

5.
Borrower agrees to pay any and all costs and expenses incurred by Mast Hill in enforcing the terms of this affidavit of confession
of judgment, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses at the rate of 475.00 per hour that Mast Hill incurs or is
billed for in connection with enforcing the terms of the affidavit of confession of judgment, entering any Judgment, collecting upon
said Judgment, and defending or prosecuting any appeals. 

[signature
page to follow] 

B- 3 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Name: Sean Folkson 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

STATE
OF ______________ 

 ss.: 

 COUNTY
OF ______________ 

ACKNOWLEDGMENT 

On
__________, 2023 before me personally came ________________________________________, to me known, who, by me duly sworn, did depose and
say that deponent is an officer of NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., the corporation described in, and which executed the foregoing affidavit
of confession of judgment, and that deponent signed deponent s name by like order. 

Notary Public 

[Signature
Page to Affidavit of Confession of Judgment] 

B- 4 

</EX-10.41>

<EX-10.42>
 8
 f10k2023ex10-42_nightfood.htm
 PLEDGE AGREEMENT AMONG SEAN FOLKSON, NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., AND MAST HILL FUND, L.P. DATED JUNE 1, 2023

Exhibit 10.42 

PLEDGE AGREEMENT 

This PLEDGE AGREEMENT (this
 Agreement ), dated as of June 1, 2023, made by and between Sean Folkson Pledgor ), Nightfood Holdings,
Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), and Mast Hill Fund, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (together with its successors
and assigns, the Pledgees ). 

WHEREAS: 

A. The
Company and Pledgees are the parties to that certain promissory note in the principal amount of 700,000.00 dated September 22, 2022 (as
amended from time to time, the First Note ), that certain promissory note in the principal amount of 619,000.00 dated February
5, 2023 (as amended from time to time, the Second Note ), that certain promissory note in the principal amount of 160,941.18
dated February 28, 2023 (as amended from time to time, the Third Note ), that certain promissory note in the principal amount
of 160,941.18 dated March 24, 2023 (as amended from time to time, the Fourth Note ), that certain promissory note in the
principal amount of 160,941.18 dated April 17, 2023 (the Fifth Note ); and that certain promissory note in the principal
amount of 200,000.00 dated on or around the date of this Agreement (the Sixth Note (the First Note, Second Note, Third
Note, Fourth Note, Fifth Note, and Sixth Note shall be collectively referred to herein as the Notes 

B. Pledgor
owns 1,000 shares of Series A preferred stock of the Company (the Preferred Shares ), has materially benefited from the transactions
involving the First Note, Second Note, Third Note, Fourth Note, and Fifth Note, and will materially benefit by the transactions contemplated
by the Sixth Note; and 

C. It
is a condition precedent to the closing of the Sixth Note that Pledgor shall have executed and delivered to Pledgees this Agreement providing
for the pledge to the Pledgees of, and the grant to the Pledgees of a security interest in, all common stock of the Company (the Common
Stock and Common Stock equivalents of the Company owned by Pledgor, including but not limited to the Preferred Shares (collectively,
the Pledged Shares . 

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the premises and the agreements herein contained and in order to induce the Pledgees to make the loan described above,
Pledgor hereby agrees with the Pledgees, as follows, which shall be effective immediately upon the Company s payment of the Final
Settlement Payments (as defined in the Purchase Agreement (as defined below)) (the Effective Date ): 

SECTION 1.
 Definitions. All terms used in this Agreement which are defined in the Notes, Article 8 or Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial
Code (the UCC currently in effect in the State of Nevada and which are not otherwise defined herein shall have the
same meanings herein as set forth therein; provided, that terms used herein which are defined in the UCC as in effect in the State of
Nevada on the date hereof shall continue to have the same meaning notwithstanding any replacement or amendment of such statute. In addition,
unless otherwise defined herein, terms not defined otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings herein as set forth in the securities
purchase agreement entered into with respect to the Sixth Note by and among the Company and Pledgees (the Purchase Agreement ). 

SECTION 2.
 Pledge and Grant of Security Interest. As collateral security for all of the Obligations (as defined in Section 3 hereof), Pledgor
hereby pledges and assigns to Pledgees, and grant to Pledgees a continuing security interest in, such Pledgor s right, title and
interest in and to the Pledged Shares, the certificates representing such Pledged Shares, all options and other rights, contractual or
otherwise, in respect thereof and all dividends, distributions, cash, instruments, investment property and other property (including but
not limited to, any stock dividend and any distribution in connection with a stock split) from time to time received, receivable or otherwise
distributed in respect of or in exchange for any or all of the Pledged Shares (collectively, the Pledged Collateral ). 

Page 1 of 8 

SECTION 3.
 Security for Obligations. The security interest created hereby in the Pledged Collateral constitutes continuing collateral security
for all of the following obligations, whether now existing or hereafter incurred (the Obligations : the prompt payment
to Pledgees, as and when due and payable (by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), of all amounts
from time to time owing by it in respect of any interest, principal and other penalties, damages, costs, fees, expenses or charges of,
or arising under, the Notes and the other transaction documents entered in connection with the Notes (including, without limitation, all
interest that accrues after the commencement of any case, proceeding or other action relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization
of Pledgor whether or not the payment of such interest is unenforceable or is not allowable due to the existence of such case, proceeding
or other action), all fees, commissions, expense reimbursements, indemnifications and all other amounts due or to become due to Pledgees
under the Note and the other transaction documents entered into in connection with the Notes. 

SECTION 4. Delivery of the Pledged Collateral. 

(a) Pledgees
as collateral agent (the Collateral Agent so long as it has an outstanding loan to the Company shall hold the Pledged Shares
for the benefit of itself and Pledgees and Pledgor further agree to execute such other documents and to take such other actions as the
Collateral Agent deems reasonably necessary or desirable to create and perfect the security interests intended to be created hereunder,
including, without limitation, duly executed undated stock powers endorsed in blank, with medallion guarantee(s), to effect the foregoing
and to permit Pledgees to exercise any of their rights and remedies hereunder. 

(b) If
Pledgor shall receive, by virtue of its being or having been an owner of any Pledged Collateral, any (i) stock certificate (including,
without limitation, any certificate representing a stock dividend or distribution in connection with any increase or reduction of capital,
reclassification, merger, consolidation, sale of assets, combination of shares, stock split, spin-off or split-oft), promissory note or
other instrument, (ii) option or right, whether as an addition to, substitution for, or in exchange for, any Pledged Collateral, or otherwise,
(iii) dividends or interest payable in cash or in securities or other property, (iv) dividends, interest and other distributions paid
or payable other than in cash in respect of, and instruments and other property received, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect
of or in exchange for, any Pledged Collateral, (v) dividends or other distributions in connection with a partial or total liquidation
or dissolution or in connection with a reduction of capital, capital surplus or paid-in surplus, or (vi) cash paid, payable or otherwise
distributed in redemption of, or in exchange for, any Pledged Collateral, such stock certificate, promissory note, instrument, option,
right, property, payment or distribution constituting Pledged Collateral shall be, and shall forthwith be delivered to Collateral Agent
to hold as, Pledged Collateral and shall be received in trust for the benefit of the Pledgees, shall be segregated from Pledgor s
other property and shall be delivered forthwith to Collateral Agent in the exact form received, with any necessary endorsement and/or
appropriate stock powers duly executed in blank, to be held by the Collateral Agent as Pledged Collateral and as further collateral security
for the Obligations. 

Page 2 of 8 

SECTION 5. Representations and Warranties. Pledgor
represents and warrants as follows: 

(a) The execution, delivery, and performance by the Pledgor of this Agreement and the exercise by any Pledgees of any of its rights and remedies in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and applicable securities law will not contravene any law or any contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Pledgor or any of its properties and do not and will not result in or require the creation of any lien upon or with respect to any of its properties other than pursuant to this Agreement. 

(b) The
Pledgor is and will be at all times the beneficial owner of the Pledged Collateral free and clear of any lien or option, except as provided
by this Agreement. 

(c) No
authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or other regulatory body is
required for the grant by the Pledgor, or the perfection, of the security interest purported to be created hereby in the Pledged Collateral
or the exercise by any Pledgees of any of its rights and remedies hereunder, except as may be required in connection with any sale of
any Pledged Collateral by laws affecting the offering and sale of securities generally, including the foreclosure procedures sanctioned
under the interpretations of the securities laws. 

(d) This
Agreement creates a valid security interest in favor of the Pledgees in the Pledged Collateral, as security for the Obligations. Such
security interest is, or in the case of Pledged Collateral in which the Pledgor obtain rights after the date hereof, will be, a perfected,
first priority security interest. All action necessary to perfect and protect such security interest has been duly taken, except for Pledgees 
having possession of security certificates constituting Pledged Collateral after the date hereof and obtaining control of uncertificated
securities and security entitlements constituting Pledged Collateral after the date hereof. 

SECTION 6. Covenants as to the Pledged
Collateral. So long as any of the Obligations shall remain outstanding, each Pledgor will: 

(a) keep
adequate records concerning the Pledged Collateral and permit Collateral Agent or any agents or representatives of Collateral Agent at
any reasonable time and from time to time to examine and make copies of and abstracts from such records; 

(b) at
its expense, promptly deliver to Collateral Agent a copy of each notice or other communication received by it in respect of the Pledged
Collateral; 

(c) at
its expense, defend Pledgees right, title and security interest in and to the Pledged Collateral against the claims of any person
or entity; 

(d) at
its expense, at any time and from time to time, promptly execute and deliver all further instruments and documents and take all further
action that may be necessary or desirable or that Collateral Agent may reasonably request in order to (i) perfect and protect the security
interest purported to be created hereby, or (ii) enable Collateral Agent to exercise and enforce
the Pledgees rights and remedies hereunder in respect of the Pledged Collateral; 

Page 3 of 8 

(e) not
sell, assign (by operation of law or otherwise), transfer, exchange or otherwise dispose of any Pledged Collateral or any interest therein; 

(f) not
create or suffer to exist any lien upon or with respect to any Pledged Collateral except for the security interest created hereby; 

(g) not
make or consent to any amendment or other modification or waiver with respect to any Pledged Collateral or enter into any agreement or
permit to exist any restriction with respect to any Pledged Collateral other than pursuant hereto; and 

(h) not
take or fail to take any action which would in any manner impair the value or enforceability of Pledgees security interest in any
Pledged Collateral. 

SECTION 7. Voting Rights,
Etc. in Respect of the Pledged Collateral. 

(a) So
long as no Event of Default or event which, with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default,
shall have occurred and be continuing: 

(i) Pledgor
may exercise any and all voting and other consensual rights pertaining to any Pledged Collateral for any purpose not inconsistent with
the terms of the Notes; and 

(ii) Pledgees
will execute and deliver (or cause to be executed and delivered) to each Pledgor all such proxies and other instruments as Pledgor may
reasonably request for the purpose of enabling Pledgor to exercise the voting and other rights which it is entitled to exercise pursuant
to paragraph Section 7(a)(i) hereof. 

(b) Upon
(i) the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or an event which, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time
or both, would constitute an Event of Default and (ii) Pledgees provision of written notice to Pledgor : 

(i) all
rights of Pledgor to exercise the voting and other consensual rights which it would otherwise be entitled to exercise pursuant to Section
7(a)(i) hereof shall cease, and additionally, upon not less than 61 days prior written notice to the Pledgor by Pledgee, all such
rights shall thereupon become vested in the Pledgee, which shall thereupon have the sole right to exercise such voting and other consensual
rights; and 

(ii) without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, Pledgee may, at its option upon not less than 61 days prior notice to the Pledgor by
Pledgee, exercise any and all rights of conversion, exchange, subscription or any other rights, privileges or options pertaining to any
Pledged Collateral as if it were the absolute owner thereof, including, without limitation, the right to exchange, in its discretion,
any and all of such Pledged Collateral upon the merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization or other adjustment of the Company,
or upon the exercise of any right, privilege or option pertaining to any Pledged Collateral, and, in connection therewith, to deposit
and deliver any and all of the Pledged Collateral with any committee, depository, transfer agent, registrar or other designated agent
upon such terms and conditions as it may determine, subject to the beneficial ownership limitations contained herein. 

Page 4 of 8 

SECTION 8. Additional Provisions Concerning the Pledged
Collateral. 

(a) Pledgor
hereby authorizes Collateral Agent to file, without the signature of Pledgor where permitted by law, one or more financing or continuation
statements, and amendments thereto, relating to the Pledged Collateral. 

(b) Pledgor
hereby irrevocably appoints Collateral Agent as such Pledgor s attorney-in-fact and proxy, with full authority, exercisable only
during the existence of an Event of Default, in the place and stead of such Pledgor and in the name of such Pledgor or otherwise, from
time to time in Collateral Agent s discretion, to take any action and to execute any instrument which Collateral Agent may deem
necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement (subject to the rights of such Pledgor under Section 7(a) hereof),
including, without limitation, to receive, endorse and collect all instruments made payable to Pledgor representing any dividend or other
distribution in respect of any of the Pledged Collateral and to give full discharge for the same. This power is coupled with an interest
and is irrevocable until all of the Obligations are satisfied in full. 

(c) If
Pledgor fails to perform any agreement or obligation contained herein, Collateral Agent itself may perform, or cause performance of, such
agreement or obligation with respect to Pledged Collateral, and the expenses of Collateral Agent incurred in connection therewith shall
be payable by Pledgor pursuant to Section 10 hereof and shall be secured by the Pledged Collateral. 

(d) So
long as any of the Obligations shall remain outstanding, the Company shall not issue any shares of its preferred stock or designate any
other series of preferred stock unless the Pledgee has provided written consent in a signed writing. 

SECTION 9. Intentionally omitted. 

SECTION I 0. Indemnity and Expenses. 

(a) Pledgor
agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each of the Pledgees and all of its stockholders, partners, members, officers, directors, employees
and direct or indirect investors and any of the foregoing persons agents or other representatives (including, without limitation,
those retained in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) from and against any and all third-party claims, damages,
losses, liabilities, obligations, penalties, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorney s fees and disbursements)
to the extent that they arise out of or otherwise result from this Agreement (including, without limitation, enforcement of this Agreement),
except, as to any such indemnified person or entity, claims, losses or liabilities resulting solely and directly from such person or entity s
gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction and except to the extent
that such claims, losses or liabilities result from failure of such indemnified person or entities to comply with the securities laws. 

Page 5 of 8 

SECTION 11.
 Notices. Whenever notice is required to be given under this Agreement, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given
in accordance with the terms of the Notes. 

SECTION 12.
 Security lnterest Absolute. To the extent permitted by law, all rights of each of the Pledgees and Pledgor hereunder shall be absolute
and unconditional irrespective of: (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any ancillary agreement or any other agreement or instrument
relating thereto, (ii) any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term in respect of, all or any of the Obligations,
or any other amendment or waiver of or consent to any departure from any guaranty, for all or any of the Obligations, or (iii) any other
circumstance which might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, Pledgor in respect of the Obligations. All authorizations
and agencies contained herein with respect to any of the Pledged Collateral are irrevocable and powers coupled with an interest. 

SECTION 13. Miscellaneous . 

(a) No
amendment of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by Pledgor and Collateral Agent, and
no waiver of any provision of this Agreement, and no consent to any departure by Pledgor therefrom, shall be effective unless it is in
writing and signed by Collateral Agent, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific
purpose for which given. 

(b) No
failure on the part of Collateral Agent to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder or under any ancillary agreement
shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude any other or further exercise thereof
or the exercise of any other right. The rights and remedies of the Pledgees provided herein and in the ancillary agreements are cumulative
and are in addition to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies provided by law. The rights of the Pledgees under any ancillary agreement
against any party thereto are not conditional or contingent on any attempt by any Pledgee to exercise any of its rights under any other
document against such party or against any other person or entity. 

(c) Any
provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to
the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining portions hereof or thereof or affecting the validity
or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

(d) This
Agreement shall create a continuing security interest in the Pledged Collateral and shall (i) remain in full force and effect until the
satisfaction in full or release of the Obligations and (ii) be binding on Pledgor and its successors and assigns and shall inure, together
with all rights and remedies of Pledgees hereunder, to the benefit of Pledgees and its successors, transferees and assigns; provided that
no such transfer or assignment shall be valid if it is in violation of applicable securities laws. Without limiting the generality of
clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence, subject to compliance with the applicable securities laws and applicable provisions
of the ancillary agreements, Pledgees may assign or otherwise transfer all or any portion of the Notes, and its rights under the ancillary
agreements, to any other person or entity, and such other person or entity shall thereupon become vested with all of the benefits in respect
thereof granted to Pledgees herein or otherwise unless such benefit is unavailable due to the status of such transferee or otherwise under
applicable law. Upon any such permitted assignment or transfer, all references in this Agreement to Pledgees shall mean the assignee of
any Pledgees. None of the rights or obligations of Pledgor hereunder may be assigned or otherwise transferred without the prior written
consent of Collateral Agent. 

Page 6 of 8 

(e) Upon
the satisfaction in full of the Obligations, (i) this Agreement and the security interest created hereby shall terminate and all rights
to the Pledged Collateral, if any shall be remaining, shall revert to the Pledgor, respectively, and (ii) the Collateral Agent will, upon
Pledgor s request and at Pledgor s expense, (A) return to Pledgor such of the Pledged Collateral as shall not have been sold
or otherwise disposed of, dealt with or applied pursuant to the terms hereof and of the ancillary agreements and (B) execute and deliver
to Pledgor, without recourse, representation or warranty, such documents as Pledgor shall reasonably request to evidence such termination. 

(f) All
questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and
enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each
party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Nevada, for the
adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby
irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction
of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process
and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address in
effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and
notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law.
Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in
any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. If either party shall commence
a Proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other
party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such
proceeding. 

(g) Representations
and Warranties of Company . The obligations of the Company under the Notes are secured by the Pledged Shares, pursuant to this Agreement.
Until the Notes are satisfied in full, the Pledgor shall not be able to transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the Pledged Shares, and
the Company shall not effectuate any such transfer or disposition. Until the Notes are satisfied in full, unless signed written consent
is obtained by the Pledgees, the Company shall not (i) issue any shares of preferred stock or (ii) effectuate any conversion of the Pledged
Shares into Common Stock. 

(h) Effectiveness .
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, all rights and obligations under this Agreement shall only be effective as
of the Effective Date. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

Page 7 of 8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Pledgor has caused
this Agreement to be executed and delivered by its officer thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 

By: 

Name: 
 Sean Folkson, an individual 

MAST HILL FUND, L.P. 

By: 

Name: 
 Patrick Hassani 

Title: 
 Chief Investment Officer 

Accepted and Agreed 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 Sean Folkson 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Page 8 of 8 

</EX-10.42>

<EX-10.43>
 9
 f10k2023ex10-43_nightfood.htm
 SECURITY AGREEMENT WITH MAST HILL FUND, L.P. DATED JUNE 1, 2023

Exhibit 10.43 

SECURITY AGREEMENT 

This SECURITY AGREEMENT,
dated as of May 31, 2023 (this Agreement ), is among NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Company ),
all of the Subsidiaries of the Company (such subsidiaries, the Guarantors and together with the Company, the Debtors and Mast Hill Fund, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (collectively with its endorsees, transferees and assigns, the Secured
Parties ). 

W I T N E S S E T H: 

WHEREAS, the Company and Secured
Parties are the parties to that certain promissory note in the principal amount of 700,000.00 dated September 22, 2022 (as amended from
time to time, the First Note ), that certain promissory note in the principal amount of 619,000.00 dated February 5, 2023
(as amended from time to time, the Second Note ), that certain promissory note in the principal amount of 160,941.18 dated
February 28, 2023 (as amended from time to time, the Third Note ), that certain promissory note in the principal amount of
 160,941.18 dated March 24, 2023 (as amended from time to time, the Fourth Note ), that certain promissory note in the principal
amount of 160,941.18 dated April 17, 2023 (the Fifth Note ); 

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement (as defined in the Note (as defined below)), the Company has agreed to issue that certain 8 secured promissory note dated May
31, 2023, in the original principal amount of 200,000.00 (the Sixth Note (the First Note, Second Note, Third Note, Fourth
Note, Fifth Note, and Sixth Note shall be collectively referred to herein as the Notes ); and 

WHEREAS, in order to induce
the Secured Parties to enter into the investment evidenced by the Sixth Note, each Debtor has agreed to execute and deliver to the Secured
Parties this Agreement and to grant the Secured Parties, a security interest in certain property of such Debtor to secure the prompt payment,
performance and discharge in full of all of the Company s obligations under the Notes. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the agreements herein contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged,
the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

1. Certain
Definitions . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth in this Section 1. Terms used but not
otherwise defined in this Agreement that are defined in Article 9 of the UCC (such as account , chattel paper ,
 commercial tort claim , deposit account , document , equipment , fixtures ,
 general intangibles , goods , instruments , inventory , investment property ,
 letter-of-credit rights , proceeds and supporting obligations shall have the respective meanings
given such terms in Article 9 of the UCC. 

1 

(a) Collateral 
means the collateral in which the Secured Parties are granted a security interest by this Agreement and which shall include the following
personal property of the Debtors, whether presently owned or existing or hereafter acquired or coming into existence, wherever situated,
and all additions and accessions thereto and all substitutions and replacements thereof, and all proceeds, products and accounts thereof,
including, without limitation, all proceeds from the sale or transfer of the Collateral and of insurance covering the same and of any
tort claims in connection therewith, and all dividends, interest, cash, notes, securities, equity interest or other property at any time
and from time to time acquired, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of, or in exchange for, any or all of the Pledged Securities
(as defined below): 

(i) All
goods, including, without limitation, (A) all machinery, equipment, computers, motor vehicles, trucks, tanks, boats, ships, appliances,
furniture, special and general tools, fixtures, test and quality control devices and other equipment of every kind and nature and wherever
situated, together with all documents of title and documents representing the same, all additions and accessions thereto, replacements
therefor, all parts therefor, and all substitutes for any of the foregoing and all other items used and useful in connection with any
Debtor s businesses and all improvements thereto; and (B) all inventory; 

(ii) All
contract rights and other general intangibles, including, without limitation, all partnership interests, membership interests, stock or
other securities, rights under any of the Organizational Documents, agreements related to the Pledged Securities, licenses, distribution
and other agreements, computer software (whether off-the-shelf , licensed from any third party or developed by any Debtor),
computer software development rights, leases, franchises, customer lists, quality control procedures, grants and rights, goodwill, Intellectual
Property and income tax refunds; 

(iii) All
accounts, together with all instruments, all documents of title representing any of the foregoing, all rights in any merchandising, goods,
equipment, motor vehicles and trucks which any of the same may represent, and all right, title, security and guaranties with respect to
each account, including any right of stoppage in transit; 

(iv) All
documents, letter-of-credit rights, instruments and chattel paper; 

(v) All
commercial tort claims; 

(vi) All
deposit accounts and all cash (whether or not deposited in such deposit accounts); 

(vii) All
investment property; 

(viii) All
supporting obligations; and 

(ix) All
files, records, books of account, business papers, and computer programs; and 

(x) the
products and proceeds of all of the foregoing Collateral set forth in clauses (i)-(ix) above. 

2 

Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the Collateral shall include all investment property and general intangibles respecting
ownership and/or other equity interests in each Guarantor, including, without limitation, the shares of capital stock and the other equity
interests disclosed in the SEC Documents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the SEC Documents ), as the same may be
modified from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof, and any other shares of capital stock and/or other equity interests of any other
direct or indirect subsidiary of any Debtor obtained in the future, and, in each case, all certificates representing such shares and/or
equity interests and, in each case, all rights, options, warrants, stock, other securities and/or equity interests that may hereafter
be received, receivable or distributed in respect of, or exchanged for, any of the foregoing and all rights arising under or in connection
with the Pledged Securities, including, but not limited to, all dividends, interest and cash. 

Notwithstanding the
foregoing, nothing herein shall be deemed to constitute an assignment of any asset which, in the event of an assignment, becomes void
by operation of applicable law or the assignment of which is otherwise prohibited by applicable law (in each case to the extent that such
applicable law is not overridden by Sections 9-406, 9-407 and/or 9-408 of the UCC or other similar applicable law); provided , however ,
that to the extent permitted by applicable law, this Agreement shall create a valid security interest in such asset and, to the extent
permitted by applicable law, this Agreement shall create a valid security interest in the proceeds of such asset. 

(b) Intellectual
Property means the collective reference to all rights, priorities and privileges relating to intellectual property, whether
arising under United States, multinational or foreign laws or otherwise, including, without limitation, (i) all copyrights arising under
the laws of the United States, any other country or any political subdivision thereof, whether registered or unregistered and whether
published or unpublished, all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, including, without limitation,
all registrations, recordings and applications in the United States Copyright Office, (ii) all letters patent of the United States, any
other country or any political subdivision thereof, all reissues and extensions thereof, and all applications for letters patent of the
United States or any other country and all divisions, continuations and continuations-in-part thereof, (iii) all trademarks, trade names,
corporate names, company names, business names, fictitious business names, trade dress, service marks, logos, domain names and other source
or business identifiers, and all goodwill associated therewith, now existing or hereafter adopted or acquired, all registrations and recordings
thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, whether in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or in any similar office
or agency of the United States, any State thereof or any other country or any political subdivision thereof, or otherwise, and all common
law rights related thereto, (iv) all trade secrets arising under the laws of the United States, any other country or any political subdivision
thereof, (v) all rights to obtain any reissues, renewals or extensions of the foregoing, (vi) all licenses for any of the foregoing, and
(vii) all causes of action for infringement of the foregoing. 

3 

(c) [Intentionally
Omitted]. 

(d) Necessary
Endorsement means undated stock powers endorsed in blank or other proper instruments of assignment duly executed and such other
instruments or documents as the Secured Parties may reasonably request. 

(e) Obligations 
means all of the liabilities and obligations (primary, secondary, direct, contingent, sole, joint or several) due or to become due, or
that are now or may be hereafter contracted or acquired, or owing to, of any Debtor to the Secured Parties, including, without limitation,
all obligations under this Agreement, the Notes, and any other instruments, agreements or other documents executed and/or delivered in
connection herewith or therewith, in each case, whether now or hereafter existing, voluntary or involuntary, direct or indirect, absolute
or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, whether or not jointly owed with others, and whether or not from time to time decreased or
extinguished and later increased, created or incurred, and all or any portion of such obligations or liabilities that are paid, to the
extent all or any part of such payment is avoided or recovered directly or indirectly from any of the Secured Parties as a preference,
fraudulent transfer or otherwise as such obligations may be amended, supplemented, converted, extended or modified from time to time.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term Obligations shall include, without limitation: (i) principal,
interest, and penalties under the Notes and all other amounts owed thereunder; (ii) any and all other fees, indemnities, costs, obligations
and liabilities of the Debtors from time to time under or in connection with this Agreement, the Notes, and any other instruments, agreements
or other documents executed and/or delivered in connection herewith or therewith; and (iii) all amounts (including but not limited to
post-petition interest) in respect of the foregoing that would be payable but for the fact that the obligations to pay such amounts are
unenforceable or not allowable due to the existence of a bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding involving any Debtor. 

(f) Organizational
Documents means with respect to any Debtor, the documents by which such Debtor was organized (such as a certificate of incorporation,
certificate of limited partnership or articles of organization, and including, without limitation, any certificates of designation for
preferred stock or other forms of preferred equity) and which relate to the internal governance of such Debtor (such as bylaws, a partnership
agreement or an operating, limited liability or members agreement). 

(g) Pledged
Interests shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(j). 

(h) Pledged
Securities shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(i). 

4 

(i) UCC 
means the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of Nevada and or any other applicable law of any state or states which has jurisdiction
with respect to all, or any portion of, the Collateral or this Agreement, from time to time. It is the intent of the parties that defined
terms in the UCC should be construed in their broadest sense so that the term Collateral will be construed in its broadest
sense. Accordingly if there are, from time to time, changes to defined terms in the UCC that broaden the definitions, they are incorporated
herein and if existing definitions in the UCC are broader than the amended definitions, the existing ones shall be controlling. 

2. Grant
of Security Interest in Collateral . As an inducement for the Secured Parties to enter into the investment as evidenced by the Notes
and to secure the complete and timely payment, performance and discharge in full, as the case may be, of all of the Obligations, each
Debtor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably pledges, grants and hypothecates to the Secured Parties, effective immediately upon the
Company s payment of the Final Settlement Payments (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Effective Date ),
a security interest in and to, a lien upon and a right of set-off against all of their respective right, title and interest of whatsoever
kind and nature in and to, the Collateral (a Security Interest and, collectively, the Security Interests ). 

3. Delivery
of Certain Collateral . Contemporaneously or prior to the execution of this Agreement, each Debtor shall deliver or cause to be delivered
to the Secured Parties (a) any and all certificates and other instruments representing or evidencing the Pledged Securities, and (b) any
and all certificates and other instruments or documents representing any of the other Collateral, in each case, together with all Necessary
Endorsements. The Debtors are, contemporaneously with the execution hereof, delivering to Secured Parties, or have previously delivered
to Secured Parties, a true and correct copy of each Organizational Document governing any of the Pledged Securities. 

4. Representations,
Warranties, Covenants and Agreements of the Debtors . Except as set forth under the corresponding section of the disclosure schedules
delivered to the Secured Parties concurrently herewith (the Disclosure Schedules ), which Disclosure Schedules shall
be deemed a part hereof, each Debtor represents and warrants to, and covenants and agrees with, the Secured Parties as follows: 

(a) Each
Debtor has the requisite corporate, partnership, limited liability company or other power and authority to enter into this Agreement and
otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution, delivery and performance by each Debtor of this Agreement and the filings
contemplated therein have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of such Debtor and no further action is required by
such Debtor. This Agreement has been duly executed by each Debtor. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation
of each Debtor, enforceable against each Debtor in accordance with its terms except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and similar laws of general application relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors
and by general principles of equity. 

(b) The
Debtors have no place of business or offices where their respective books of account and records are kept (other than temporarily at the
offices of its attorneys or accountants) or places where Collateral is stored or located, except as set forth on Schedule A attached
hereto. Except as specifically set forth on Schedule A , each Debtor is the record owner of the real property where such Collateral
is located, and there exist no mortgages or other liens on any such real property. Except as disclosed on Schedule A , none of such
Collateral is in the possession of any consignee, bailee, warehouseman, agent or processor. 

5 

(c) Except
as set forth in the SEC Documents, the Debtors are the sole owner of the Collateral (except for non-exclusive licenses granted by any
Debtor in the ordinary course of business), free and clear of any liens, security interests, encumbrances, rights or claims. The Debtors
are fully authorized to grant the Security Interests. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, there is not on file in any governmental
or regulatory authority, agency or recording office an effective financing statement, security agreement, license or transfer or any notice
of any of the foregoing (other than those that will be filed in favor of the Secured Parties pursuant to this Agreement) covering or affecting
any of the Collateral. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents prior to the date of this Agreement and except pursuant to this Agreement,
as long as this Agreement shall be in effect, the Debtors shall not execute and shall not knowingly permit to be on file in any such office
or agency any other financing statement or other document or instrument (except to the extent filed or recorded in favor of the Secured
Parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement). 

(d) No
written claim has been received that any Collateral or any Debtor's use of any Collateral violates the rights of any third party. There
has been no adverse decision to any Debtor's claim of ownership rights in or exclusive rights to use the Collateral in any jurisdiction
or to any Debtor's right to keep and maintain such Collateral in full force and effect, and there is no proceeding involving said rights
pending or, to the best knowledge of any Debtor, threatened before any court, judicial body, administrative or regulatory agency, arbitrator
or other governmental authority. 

(e) Each
Debtor shall at all times maintain its books of account and records relating to the Collateral at its principal place of business and
its Collateral at the locations set forth on Schedule A attached hereto and may not relocate such books of account and records
or tangible Collateral unless it delivers to the Secured Parties at least 30 days prior to such relocation (i) written notice of such
relocation and the new location thereof (which must be within the United States) and (ii) evidence that appropriate financing statements
under the UCC and other necessary documents have been filed and recorded and other steps have been taken to perfect the Security Interests
to create in favor of the Secured Parties a valid, perfected and continuing perfected lien in the Collateral. 

(f) This
Agreement creates in favor of the Secured Parties a valid security interest in the Collateral securing the payment and performance of
the Obligations. Upon making the filings described in the immediately following paragraph, all security interests created hereunder in
any Collateral which may be perfected by filing UCC financing statements shall have been duly perfected. Except for the filing of the
UCC financing statements referred to in the immediately following paragraph, the recordation of this Agreement with respect to copyrights
and copyright applications in the United States Copyright Office referred to in paragraph (m), the execution and delivery of deposit account
control agreements satisfying the requirements of Section 9-104 of the UCC with respect to each deposit account of the Debtors, and the
delivery of the certificates and other instruments provided in Section 3, no action is necessary to create, perfect or protect the security
interests created hereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except for the filing of said financing statements, the
recordation of this Agreement, and the execution and delivery of said deposit account control agreements, no consent of any third parties
and no authorization, approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body is required
for (i) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, (ii) the creation or perfection of the Security Interests created hereunder
in the Collateral or (iii) the enforcement of the rights of the Secured Parties hereunder. 

6 

(g) Each
Debtor hereby authorizes the Secured Parties to file one or more financing statements under the UCC, with respect to the Security Interests,
with the proper filing and recording agencies in any jurisdiction deemed proper by it. The Secured Parties shall have the right (and is
hereby authorized to) to file with the applicable filing office(s) such financing statements, amendments, addenda, continuations, terminations,
assignments and other records (whether or not executed by Debtors) to perfect and to maintain perfected security interests in the Collateral
by the Secured Parties, including but not limited to a financing statement on Form UCC-1 with the State of Nevada and in all other applicable
jurisdictions with respect to the Collateral promptly upon the Effective Date. 

(h) The
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Debtors does not violate any of the provisions of any Organizational Documents
of any Debtor or any judgment, decree, order or award of any court, governmental body or arbitrator or any applicable law, rule or regulation
applicable to any Debtor, conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a
default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of
time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing any Debtor's debt or otherwise) or other understanding
to which any Debtor is a party or by which any property or asset of any Debtor is bound or affected. If any, all required consents (including,
without limitation, from stockholders or creditors of any Debtor) necessary for any Debtor to enter into and perform its obligations hereunder
have been obtained. 

(i) The
capital stock and other equity interests listed in the SEC Documents (the Pledged Securities represent all of the
capital stock and other equity interests of the Guarantors, and represent all capital stock and other equity interests owned, directly
or indirectly, by the Company. All of the Pledged Securities are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and the Company is the
legal and beneficial owner of the Pledged Securities, free and clear of any lien, security interest or other encumbrance except for the
security interests created by this Agreement. 

(j) The
ownership and other equity interests in partnerships and limited liability companies (if any) included in the Collateral (the Pledged
Interests by their express terms do not provide that they are securities governed by Article 8 of the UCC and are not held
in a securities account or by any financial intermediary. 

7 

(k) Each
Debtor shall at all times maintain the liens and Security Interests provided for hereunder as valid and perfected first priority liens
and security interests in the Collateral in favor of the Secured Parties until this Agreement and the Security Interest hereunder shall
be terminated pursuant to Section 14 hereof. Each Debtor hereby agrees to defend the same against the claims of any and all persons and
entities. Each Debtor shall safeguard and protect all Collateral for the account of the Secured Parties. Debtor shall pay the cost of
filing the same in all public offices wherever filing is, or is deemed by the Secured Parties to be, necessary or desirable to effect
the rights and obligations provided for herein. Debtors shall file with the applicable filing office(s) such financing statements, amendments,
addenda, continuations, terminations, assignments and other records (whether or not executed by Debtors) to perfect and to maintain perfected
security interests in the Collateral by the Secured Parties, including but not limited to (a) promptly upon the Effective Date, a financing
statement on Form UCC-1 shall be filed with the State of Nevada and in all other applicable jurisdictions on behalf of the Secured Parties
with respect to the Collateral. The Financing Statement shall designate the Secured Parties as the secured party and Debtors as debtor,
shall identify the security interest in the Collateral, and contain any other items required by law. Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, each Debtor shall pay all fees, taxes and other amounts necessary to maintain the Collateral and the Security Interests
hereunder, and each Debtor shall obtain and furnish to the Secured Parties from time to time, upon demand, such releases and/or subordinations
of claims and liens which may be required to maintain the priority of the Security Interests hereunder. 

(l) No
Debtor will transfer, pledge, hypothecate, encumber, license, sell or otherwise dispose of any of the Collateral (except for non-exclusive
licenses granted by a Debtor in its ordinary course of business and sales of inventory by a Debtor in its ordinary course of business)
without the prior written consent of the Secured Parties. 

(m) Each
Debtor shall keep and preserve its equipment, inventory and other tangible Collateral in good condition, repair and order and shall not
operate or locate any such Collateral (or cause to be operated or located) in any area excluded from insurance coverage. 

(n) Each
Debtor shall maintain with financially sound and reputable insurers, insurance with respect to the Collateral, including Collateral hereafter
acquired, against loss or damage of the kinds and in the amounts customarily insured against by entities of established reputation having
similar properties similarly situated and in such amounts as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by other such entities
and otherwise as is prudent for entities engaged in similar businesses but in any event sufficient to cover the full replacement cost
thereof. Each Debtor shall cause each insurance policy issued in connection herewith to provide, and the insurer issuing such policy to
certify to the Secured Parties, that (a) the Secured Parties will be named as lender loss payee and additional insured under each such
insurance policy; (b) if such insurance be proposed to be cancelled or materially changed for any reason whatsoever, such insurer will
promptly notify the Secured Parties and such cancellation or change shall not be effective as to the Secured Parties for at least thirty
(30) days after receipt by the Secured Parties of such notice, unless the effect of such change is to extend or increase coverage under
the policy; and (c) the Secured Parties will have the right (but no obligation) at its election to remedy any default in the payment of
premiums within thirty (30) days of notice from the insurer of such default. If no Event of Default (as defined in the Notes) exists and
if the proceeds arising out of any claim or series of related claims do not exceed 100,000, loss payments in each instance will be applied
by the applicable Debtor to the repair and/or replacement of property with respect to which the loss was incurred to the extent reasonably
feasible, and any loss payments or the balance thereof remaining, to the extent not so applied, shall be payable to the applicable Debtor;
 provided , however , that payments received by any Debtor after an Event of Default occurs and is continuing or in excess
of 100,000 for any occurrence or series of related occurrences shall be paid to the Secured Parties and accordingly, if received by such
Debtor, shall be held in trust for the Secured Parties and immediately paid over to the Secured Parties. Copies of such policies or the
related certificates, in each case, naming the Secured Parties as lender loss payee and additional insured shall be delivered to the Secured
Parties at least annually and at the time any new policy of insurance is issued. 

8 

(o) Each
Debtor shall, within ten (10) days of obtaining knowledge thereof, advise the Secured Parties promptly, in sufficient detail, of any material
adverse change in the Collateral, and of the occurrence of any event which would have a material adverse effect on the value of the Collateral
or on the Secured Parties security interest therein. 

(p) Each
Debtor shall promptly execute and deliver to the Secured Parties such further deeds, mortgages, assignments, security agreements, financing
statements or other instruments, documents, certificates and assurances and take such further action as the Secured Parties may from time
to time request and may in its sole discretion deem necessary to perfect, protect or enforce the Secured Parties security interest
in the Collateral. 

(q) Each
Debtor shall permit the Secured Parties and its representatives and agents to inspect the Collateral during normal business hours and
upon reasonable prior notice, and to make copies of records pertaining to the Collateral as may be reasonably requested by the Secured
Parties from time to time. 

(r) Each
Debtor shall take all steps reasonably necessary to diligently pursue and seek to preserve, enforce and collect any rights, claims, causes
of action and accounts receivable in respect of the Collateral. 

(s) Each
Debtor shall promptly notify the Secured Parties in sufficient detail upon becoming aware of any attachment, garnishment, execution or
other legal process levied against any Collateral and of any other information received by such Debtor that may materially affect the
value of the Collateral, the Security Interest or the rights and remedies of the Secured Parties hereunder. 

(t) All
information heretofore, herein or hereafter supplied to the Secured Parties by or on behalf of any Debtor with respect to the Collateral
is accurate and complete in all material respects as of the date furnished. 

(u) The
Debtors shall at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect their respective valid existence and good standing and any rights
and franchises material to its business. 

9 

(v) No
Debtor will change its name, type of organization, jurisdiction of organization, organizational identification number (if it has one),
legal or corporate structure, or identity, or add any new fictitious name unless it provides at least 30 days prior written notice to
the Secured Parties of such change and, at the time of such written notification, such Debtor provides any financing statements or fixture
filings necessary to perfect and continue the perfection of the Security Interests granted and evidenced by this Agreement. 

(w) Except
in the ordinary course of business, no Debtor may consign any of its inventory or sell any of its inventory on bill and hold, sale or
return, sale on approval, or other conditional terms of sale without the consent of the Secured Parties which shall not be unreasonably
withheld. 

(x) No
Debtor may relocate its chief executive office to a new location without providing 30 days prior written notification thereof to the Secured
Parties and so long as, at the time of such written notification, such Debtor provides any financing statements or fixture filings necessary
to perfect and continue the perfection of the Security Interests granted and evidenced by this Agreement. 

(y) Each
Debtor was organized and remains organized solely under the laws of the state set forth next to such Debtor s name in Schedule
B attached hereto, which Schedule B sets forth each Debtor s organizational identification number or, if any Debtor does
not have one, states that one does not exist. 

(z) 
(i) The actual name of each Debtor is the name set forth in Schedule B attached hereto; (ii) no Debtor has any trade names except
as set forth in the SEC Documents; (iii) no Debtor has used any name other than that stated in the preamble hereto or as set forth in
the SEC Documents for the preceding five years; and (iv) no entity has merged into any Debtor or been acquired by any Debtor within the
past five years except as set forth in the SEC Documents. 

(aa) At any
time and from time to time that any Collateral consists of instruments, certificated securities or other items that require or permit
possession by the Secured Parties to perfect the security interest created hereby, the applicable Debtor shall deliver such Collateral
to the Secured Parties. 

10 

(bb) Each Debtor, in its capacity as issuer, hereby agrees to comply with any and all orders and instructions
of Secured Parties regarding the Pledged Interests consistent with the terms of this Agreement without the further consent of any Debtor
as contemplated by Section 8-106 (or any successor section) of the UCC. Further, each Debtor agrees that it shall not enter into a similar
agreement (or one that would confer control within the meaning of Article 8 of the UCC) with any other person or entity. 

(cc) Each
Debtor shall cause all tangible chattel paper constituting Collateral to be delivered to the Secured Parties, or, if such delivery is
not possible, then to cause such tangible chattel paper to contain a legend noting that it is subject to the security interest created
by this Agreement. To the extent that any Collateral consists of electronic chattel paper, the applicable Debtor shall cause the underlying
chattel paper to be marked within the meaning of Section 9-105 of the UCC (or successor section thereto). 

(dd) If
there is any investment property or deposit account included as Collateral that can be perfected by control through an account
control agreement, the applicable Debtor shall cause such an account control agreement, in form and substance in each case satisfactory
to the Secured Parties, to be entered into and delivered to the Secured Parties. 

(ee) To
the extent that any Collateral consists of letter-of-credit rights, the applicable Debtor shall cause the issuer of each underlying letter
of credit to consent to an assignment of the proceeds thereof to the Secured Parties. 

(ff) To
the extent that any Collateral is in the possession of any third party, the applicable Debtor shall join with the Secured Parties in notifying
such third party of the Secured Parties security interest in such Collateral and shall use its best efforts to obtain an acknowledgement
and agreement from such third party with respect to the Collateral, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Secured Parties. 

(gg) If
any Debtor shall at any time hold or acquire a commercial tort claim, such Debtor shall promptly notify the Secured Parties in a writing
signed by such Debtor of the particulars thereof and grant to the Secured Parties in such writing a security interest therein and in the
proceeds thereof, all upon the terms of this Agreement, with such writing to be in form and substance satisfactory to the Secured Parties. 

(hh) Each
Debtor shall immediately provide written notice to the Secured Parties of any and all accounts which arise out of contracts with any governmental
authority and, to the extent necessary to perfect or continue the perfected status of the Security Interests in such accounts and proceeds
thereof, shall execute and deliver to the Secured Parties an assignment of claims for such accounts and cooperate with the Secured Parties
in taking any other steps required, in its judgment, under the Federal Assignment of Claims Act or any similar federal, state or local
statute or rule to perfect or continue the perfected status of the Security Interests in such accounts and proceeds thereof. 

11 

(ii) Each
Debtor shall cause each subsidiary of such Debtor to immediately become a party hereto (an Additional Debtor ), by executing
and delivering an Additional Debtor Joinder in substantially the form of Annex A attached hereto and comply with the provisions
hereof applicable to the Debtors. Concurrent therewith, the Additional Debtor shall deliver replacement schedules for, or supplements
to all other Schedules to (or referred to in) this Agreement, as applicable, which replacement schedules shall supersede, or supplements
shall modify, the Schedules then in effect. The Additional Debtor shall also deliver such opinions of counsel, authorizing resolutions,
good standing certificates, incumbency certificates, organizational documents, financing statements and other information and documentation
as the Secured Parties may reasonably request. Upon delivery of the foregoing to the Secured Parties, the Additional Debtor shall be and
become a party to this Agreement with the same rights and obligations as the Debtors, for all purposes hereof as fully and to the same
extent as if it were an original signatory hereto and shall be deemed to have made the representations, warranties and covenants set forth
herein as of the date of execution and delivery of such Additional Debtor Joinder, and all references herein to the Debtors 
shall be deemed to include each Additional Debtor. 

(jj) Each Debtor
shall vote the Pledged Securities to comply with the covenants and agreements set forth herein and in the Notes. 

(kk) Each Debtor
shall register the pledge of the applicable Pledged Securities on the books of such Debtor. Each Debtor shall notify each issuer of Pledged
Securities to register the pledge of the applicable Pledged Securities in the name of the Secured Parties on the books of such issuer.
Further, except with respect to certificated securities delivered to the Secured Parties, the applicable Debtor shall deliver to Secured
Parties an acknowledgement of pledge (which, where appropriate, shall comply with the requirements of the relevant UCC with respect to
perfection by registration) signed by the issuer of the applicable Pledged Securities, which acknowledgement shall confirm that: (a) it
has registered the pledge on its books and records; and (b) at any time directed by the Secured Parties during the continuation of an
Event of Default, such issuer will transfer the record ownership of such Pledged Securities into the name of the Secured Parties or any
designee of Secured Parties, will take such steps as may be necessary to effect the transfer, and will comply with all other instructions
of Secured Parties regarding such Pledged Securities without the further consent of the applicable Debtor. 

(ll) In the event
that, upon an occurrence of an Event of Default, Secured Parties shall sell all or any of the Pledged Securities to another party or parties
(herein called the Transferee or shall purchase or retain all or any of the Pledged Securities, each Debtor shall,
to the extent applicable: (i) deliver to Secured Parties or the Transferee, as the case may be, the articles of incorporation, bylaws,
minute books, stock certificate books, corporate seals, deeds, leases, indentures, agreements, evidences of indebtedness, books of account,
financial records and all other Organizational Documents and records of the Debtors and their direct and indirect subsidiaries; (ii) use
its best efforts to obtain resignations of the persons then serving as officers and directors of the Debtors and their direct and indirect
subsidiaries, if so requested; and (iii) use its best efforts to obtain any approvals that are required by any governmental or regulatory
body in order to permit the sale of the Pledged Securities to the Transferee or the purchase or retention of the Pledged Securities by
Secured Parties and allow the Transferee or Secured Parties to continue the business of the Debtors and their direct and indirect subsidiaries. 

12 

(mm) Without
limiting the generality of the other obligations of the Debtors hereunder, each Debtor shall promptly (i) cause to be registered at the
United States Copyright Office all of its material copyrights, (ii) cause the security interest contemplated hereby with respect to all
Intellectual Property registered at the United States Copyright Office or United States Patent and Trademark Office to be duly recorded
at the applicable office, and (iii) give the Secured Parties notice whenever it acquires (whether absolutely or by license) or creates
any additional material Intellectual Property. 

(nn) Each
Debtor will from time to time, at the joint and several expense of the Debtors, promptly execute and deliver all such further instruments
and documents, and take all such further action as may be necessary or desirable, or as the Secured Parties may reasonably request, in
order to perfect and protect any security interest granted or purported to be granted hereby or to enable the Secured Parties to exercise
and enforce their rights and remedies hereunder and with respect to any Collateral or to otherwise carry out the purposes of this Agreement. 

(oo) The
SEC Documents list all of the patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, registered copyrights, and domain
names owned by any of the Debtors as of the date hereof. The SEC Documents list all material licenses in favor of any Debtor for
the use of any patents, trademarks, copyrights and domain names as of the date hereof. All material patents and trademarks of the Debtors
have been duly recorded at the United States Patent and Trademark Office and all material copyrights of the Debtors have been duly recorded
at the United States Copyright Office. 

(pp) Except
as set forth in the SEC Documents, none of the account debtors or other persons or entities obligated on any of the Collateral is a governmental
authority covered by the Federal Assignment of Claims Act or any similar federal, state or local statute or rule in respect of such Collateral. 

5. Effect
of Pledge on Certain Rights . If any of the Collateral subject to this Agreement consists of nonvoting equity or ownership interests
(regardless of class, designation, preference or rights) that may be converted into voting equity or ownership interests upon the occurrence
of certain events (including, without limitation, upon the transfer of all or any of the other stock or assets of the issuer), it is agreed
that the pledge of such equity or ownership interests pursuant to this Agreement or the enforcement of any of Secured Parties rights
hereunder shall not be deemed to be the type of event which would trigger such conversion rights notwithstanding any provisions in the
Organizational Documents or agreements to which any Debtor is subject or to which any Debtor is party. 

13 

6. Defaults .
The following events shall be Events of Default : 

(a) The
occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Notes) under any of the Notes; 

(b) Any
representation or warranty of any Debtor in this Agreement shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made; 

(c) The
failure by any Debtor to observe or perform any of its obligations hereunder for five (5) days after delivery to such Debtor of notice
of such failure by or on behalf of the Secured Parties unless such default is capable of cure but cannot be cured within such time frame
and such Debtor is using best efforts to cure same in a timely fashion; or 

(d) If
any provision of this Agreement shall at any time for any reason be declared to be null and void, or the validity or enforceability thereof
shall be contested by any Debtor, or a proceeding shall be commenced by any Debtor, or by any governmental authority having jurisdiction
over any Debtor, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof, or any Debtor shall deny that any Debtor has any liability
or obligation purported to be created under this Agreement. 

7. Duty To Hold In Trust . 

(a) Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default and at any time thereafter, each Debtor shall, upon receipt of any revenue, income, dividend, interest
or other sums subject to the Security Interests, whether payable pursuant to the Notes or otherwise, or of any check, draft, note, trade
acceptance or other instrument evidencing an obligation to pay any such sum, hold the same in trust for the Secured Parties and shall
forthwith endorse and transfer any such sums or instruments, or both, to the Secured Parties, pro-rata in proportion to their respective
then-currently outstanding principal amount of Notes for application to the satisfaction of the Obligations. 

(b) If
any Debtor shall become entitled to receive or shall receive any securities or other property (including, without limitation, shares of
Pledged Securities or instruments representing Pledged Securities acquired after the date hereof, or any options, warrants, rights or
other similar property or certificates representing a dividend, or any distribution in connection with any recapitalization, reclassification
or increase or reduction of capital, or issued in connection with any reorganization of such Debtor or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries)
in respect of the Pledged Securities (whether as an addition to, in substitution of, or in exchange for, such Pledged Securities or otherwise),
such Debtor agrees to (i) accept the same as the agent of the Secured Parties; (ii) hold the same in trust on behalf of and for the benefit
of the Secured Parties; and (iii) to deliver any and all certificates or instruments evidencing the same to Secured Parties on or before
the close of business on the fifth business day following the receipt thereof by such Debtor, in the exact form received together with
the Necessary Endorsements, to be held by Secured Parties subject to the terms of this Agreement as Collateral. 

14 

8. Rights and Remedies Upon
Default . 

(a) Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default and at any time thereafter, the Secured Parties, shall have the right to exercise all of the remedies
conferred hereunder and under the Notes, and the Secured Parties shall have all the rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC.
Without limitation, the Secured Parties shall have the following rights and powers: 

(i) The
Secured Parties shall have the right to take possession of the Collateral and, for that purpose, enter, with the aid and assistance of
any person, any premises where the Collateral, or any part thereof, is or may be placed and remove the same, and each Debtor shall assemble
the Collateral and make it available to the Secured Parties at places which the Secured Parties shall reasonably select, whether at such
Debtor's premises or elsewhere, and make available to the Secured Parties, without rent, all of such Debtor s respective premises
and facilities for the purpose of the Secured Parties taking possession of, removing or putting the Collateral in saleable or disposable
form. 

(ii) Upon
notice to the Debtors by Secured Parties, all rights of each Debtor to exercise the voting and other consensual rights which it would
otherwise be entitled to exercise and all rights of each Debtor to receive the dividends and interest which it would otherwise be authorized
to receive and retain, shall cease. Upon such notice, the Secured Parties shall have the right to receive any interest, cash dividends
or other payments on the Collateral and, at the option of Secured Parties, to exercise in such Secured Parties discretion all voting
rights pertaining thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Secured Parties shall have the right (but not the obligation)
to exercise all rights with respect to the Collateral as it were the sole and absolute owner thereof, including, without limitation, to
vote and/or to exchange, at its sole discretion, any or all of the Collateral in connection with a merger, reorganization, consolidation,
recapitalization or other readjustment concerning or involving the Collateral or any Debtor or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries. 

(iii) The Secured
Parties shall have the right to operate the business of each Debtor using the Collateral and shall have the right to assign, sell, lease
or otherwise dispose of and deliver all or any part of the Collateral, at public or private sale or otherwise, either with or without
special conditions or stipulations, for cash or on credit or for future delivery, in such parcel or parcels and at such time or times
and at such place or places, and upon such terms and conditions as the Secured Parties may deem commercially reasonable, all without (except
as shall be required by applicable statute and cannot be waived) advertisement or demand upon or notice to any Debtor or right of redemption
of a Debtor, which are hereby expressly waived. Upon each such sale, lease, assignment or other transfer of Collateral, the Secured Parties,
may, unless prohibited by applicable law which cannot be waived, purchase all or any part of the Collateral being sold, free from and
discharged of all trusts, claims, right of redemption and equities of any Debtor, which are hereby waived and released. 

15 

(iv) The
Secured Parties shall have the right (but not the obligation) to notify any account debtors and any obligors under instruments or accounts
to make payments directly to the Secured Parties, on behalf of the Secured Parties, and to enforce the Debtors rights against such
account debtors and obligors. 

(v) The
Secured Parties may (but are not obligated to) direct any financial intermediary or any other person or entity holding any investment
property to transfer the same to the Secured Parties or its designee. 

(vi) The
Secured Parties may (but is not obligated to) transfer any or all Intellectual Property registered in the name of any Debtor at the United
States Patent and Trademark Office and/or Copyright Office into the name of the Secured Parties or any designee or any purchaser of any
Collateral. 

(b) The
Secured Parties shall comply with any applicable law in connection with a disposition of Collateral and such compliance will not be considered
adversely to affect the commercial reasonableness of any sale of the Collateral. The Secured Parties may sell the Collateral without giving
any warranties and may specifically disclaim such warranties. If the Secured Parties sell any of the Collateral on credit, the Debtors
will only be credited with payments actually made by the purchaser. In addition, each Debtor waives any and all rights that it may have
to a judicial hearing in advance of the enforcement of any of the Secured Parties rights and remedies hereunder, including, without
limitation, its right following an Event of Default to take immediate possession of the Collateral and to exercise its rights and remedies
with respect thereto. 

(c) For
the purpose of enabling the Secured Parties to further exercise rights and remedies under this Section 8 or elsewhere provided by agreement
or applicable law, each Debtor hereby grants to the Secured Parties, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, an irrevocable, nonexclusive
license (exercisable without payment of royalty or other compensation to such Debtor) to use, license or sublicense following an Event
of Default, any Intellectual Property now owned or hereafter acquired by such Debtor, and wherever the same may be located, and including
in such license access to all media in which any of the licensed items may be recorded or stored and to all computer software and programs
used for the compilation or printout thereof. 

9. Applications of
Proceeds . The proceeds of any such sale, lease or other disposition of the Collateral hereunder or from payments made on account
of any insurance policy insuring any portion of the Collateral shall be applied first, to the expenses of retaking, holding,
storing, processing and preparing for sale, selling, and the like (including, without limitation, any taxes, fees and other costs
incurred in connection therewith) of the Collateral, to the reasonable attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Secured
Parties in enforcing the Secured Parties rights hereunder and in connection with collecting, storing and disposing of the
Collateral, and then to satisfaction of the Obligations pro rata among the Secured Parties (based on then-outstanding principal
amounts of Notes at the time of any such determination), and to the payment of any other amounts required by applicable law, after
which the Secured Parties shall pay to the applicable Debtor any surplus proceeds. If, upon the sale, license or other disposition
of the Collateral, the proceeds thereof are insufficient to pay all amounts to which the Secured Parties are legally entitled, the
Debtors will be liable for the deficiency, together with interest thereon, at the rate of the Default Interest (as defined in the
respective Notes), and the reasonable fees of any attorneys employed by the Secured Parties to collect such deficiency. To the
extent permitted by applicable law, each Debtor waives all claims, damages and demands against the Secured Parties arising out of
the repossession, removal, retention or sale of the Collateral, unless due solely to the gross negligence or willful misconduct of
the Secured Parties as determined by a final judgment (not subject to further appeal) of a court of competent jurisdiction. 

16 

10. Securities
Law Provision . Each Debtor recognizes that Secured Parties may be limited in its ability to effect a sale to the public of all or
part of the Pledged Securities by reason of certain prohibitions in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or other federal or state
securities laws (collectively, the Securities Laws ), and may be compelled to resort to one or more sales to a restricted
group of purchasers who may be required to agree to acquire the Pledged Securities for their own account, for investment and not with
a view to the distribution or resale thereof. Each Debtor agrees that sales so made may be at prices and on terms less favorable than
if the Pledged Securities were sold to the public, and that Secured Parties have no obligation to delay the sale of any Pledged Securities
for the period of time necessary to register the Pledged Securities for sale to the public under the Securities Laws. Each Debtor shall
cooperate with Secured Parties in its attempt to satisfy any requirements under the Securities Laws (including, without limitation, registration
thereunder if requested by Secured Parties) applicable to the sale of the Pledged Securities by Secured Parties. 

11. Costs
and Expenses . Each Debtor agrees to pay all reasonable out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with any filing
required hereunder, including without limitation, any financing statements pursuant to the UCC, continuation statements, partial releases
and/or termination statements related thereto or any expenses of any searches reasonably required by the Secured Parties. The Debtors
shall also pay all other claims and charges which in the reasonable opinion of the Secured Parties is reasonably likely to prejudice,
imperil or otherwise affect the Collateral or the Security Interests therein. The Debtors will also, upon demand, pay to the Secured Parties
the amount of any and all reasonable expenses, including the reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel and of any experts and agents,
which the Secured Parties may incur in connection with the creation, perfection, protection, satisfaction, foreclosure, collection or
enforcement of the Security Interest and the preparation, administration, continuance, amendment or enforcement of this Agreement and
pay to the Secured Parties the amount of any and all reasonable expenses, including the reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel and
of any experts and agents, which the Secured Parties may incur in connection with (i) the enforcement of this Agreement, (ii) the custody
or preservation of, or the sale of, collection from, or other realization upon, any of the Collateral, or (iii) the exercise or enforcement
of any of the rights of the Secured Parties under the Notes. Until so paid, any fees payable hereunder shall be added to the principal
amount of the Notes and shall bear interest at the rate of the Default Interest (as defined in the respective Notes). 

12. Responsibility
for Collateral . The Debtors assume all liabilities and responsibility in connection with all Collateral, and the Obligations shall
in no way be affected or diminished by reason of the loss, destruction, damage or theft of any of the Collateral or its unavailability
for any reason. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Secured Parties do not (i) have any duty (either before or after
an Event of Default) to collect any amounts in respect of the Collateral or to preserve any rights relating to the Collateral, or (ii)
have any obligation to clean-up or otherwise prepare the Collateral for sale, and (b) each Debtor shall remain obligated and liable under
each contract or agreement included in the Collateral to be observed or performed by such Debtor thereunder. The Secured Parties shall
not have any obligation or liability under any such contract or agreement by reason of or arising out of this Agreement or the receipt
by the Secured Parties of any payment relating to any of the Collateral, nor shall the Secured Parties be obligated in any manner to perform
any of the obligations of any Debtor under or pursuant to any such contract or agreement, to make inquiry as to the nature or sufficiency
of any payment received by the Secured Parties in respect of the Collateral or as to the sufficiency of any performance by any party under
any such contract or agreement, to present or file any claim, to take any action to enforce any performance or to collect the payment
of any amounts which the Secured Parties may be entitled at any time or times. 

17 

13. Security
Interests Absolute . All rights of the Secured Parties and all obligations of the Debtors hereunder, shall be absolute and unconditional,
irrespective of: (a) any lack of validity or enforceability of this Agreement, the Note or any agreement entered into in connection with
the foregoing, or any portion hereof or thereof; (b) any change in the time, manner or place of payment or performance of, or in any other
term of, all or any of the Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to any departure from the Notes or any other
agreement entered into in connection with the foregoing; (c) any exchange, release or nonperfection of any of the Collateral, or any release
or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from any other collateral for, or any guarantee, or any other security, for all or any
of the Obligations; (d) any action by the Secured Parties to obtain, adjust, settle and cancel in its sole discretion any insurance claims
or matters made or arising in connection with the Collateral; or (e) any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute any legal
or equitable defense available to a Debtor, or a discharge of all or any part of the Security Interests granted hereby. Until the Obligations
shall have been paid and performed in full, the rights of the Secured Parties shall continue even if the Obligations are barred for any
reason, including, without limitation, the running of the statute of limitations or bankruptcy. Each Debtor expressly waives presentment,
protest, notice of protest, demand, notice of nonpayment and demand for performance. In the event that at any time any transfer of any
Collateral or any payment received by the Secured Parties hereunder shall be deemed by final order of a court of competent jurisdiction
to have been a voidable preference or fraudulent conveyance under the bankruptcy or insolvency laws of the United States, or shall be
deemed to be otherwise due to any party other than the Secured Parties, then, in any such event, each Debtor s obligations hereunder
shall survive cancellation of this Agreement, and shall not be discharged or satisfied by any prior payment thereof and/or cancellation
of this Agreement, but shall remain a valid and binding obligation enforceable in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof. Each
Debtor waives all right to require the Secured Parties to proceed against any other person or entity or to apply any Collateral which
the Secured Parties may hold at any time, or to marshal assets, or to pursue any other remedy. Each Debtor waives any defense arising
by reason of the application of the statute of limitations to any obligation secured hereby. 

14. Term
of Agreement . This Agreement and the Security Interests shall terminate on the date on which all payments under the Notes have been
indefeasibly paid in full and all other Obligations have been paid or discharged; provided, however, that all indemnities of the Debtors
contained in this Agreement (including, without limitation, Annex B hereto) shall survive and remain operative and in full force and effect
regardless of the termination of this Agreement. 

18 

15. Power
of Attorney; Further Assurances . 

(a) Each
Debtor authorizes the Secured Parties, and does hereby make, constitute and appoint the Secured Parties and its officers, agents, successors
or assigns with full power of substitution, as such Debtor s true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with power, in the name of the Secured
Parties or such Debtor, to, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, (i) endorse any note, checks, drafts,
money orders or other instruments of payment (including payments payable under or in respect of any policy of insurance) in respect of
the Collateral that may come into possession of the Secured Parties; (ii) to sign and endorse any financing statement pursuant to the
UCC or any invoice, freight or express bill, bill of lading, storage or warehouse receipts, drafts against debtors, assignments, verifications
and notices in connection with accounts, and other documents relating to the Collateral; (iii) to pay or discharge taxes, liens, security
interests or other encumbrances at any time levied or placed on or threatened against the Collateral; (iv) to demand, collect, receipt
for, compromise, settle and sue for monies due in respect of the Collateral; (v) to transfer any Intellectual Property or provide licenses
respecting any Intellectual Property; and (vi) generally, at the option of the Secured Parties, and at the expense of the Debtors, at
any time, or from time to time, to execute and deliver any and all documents and instruments and to do all acts and things which the Secured
Parties deem necessary to protect, preserve and realize upon the Collateral and the Security Interests granted therein in order to effect
the intent of this Agreement and the Notes all as fully and effectually as the Debtors might or could do; and each Debtor hereby ratifies
all that said attorney shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This power of attorney is coupled with an interest and
shall be irrevocable for the term of this Agreement and thereafter as long as any of the Obligations shall be outstanding. The designation
set forth herein shall be deemed to amend and supersede any inconsistent provision in the Organizational Documents or other documents
or agreements to which any Debtor is subject or to which any Debtor is a party. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, after
the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Secured Parties are specifically authorized to execute and file
any applications for or instruments of transfer and assignment of any patents, trademarks, copyrights or other Intellectual Property with
the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Office. 

(b) On
a continuing basis, each Debtor will make, execute, acknowledge, deliver, file and record, as the case may be, with the proper filing
and recording agencies in any jurisdiction, including, without limitation, the State of Nevada, all such instruments, and take all such
action as may reasonably be deemed necessary or advisable, or as reasonably requested by the Secured Parties, to perfect the Security
Interests granted hereunder and otherwise to carry out the intent and purposes of this Agreement, or for assuring and confirming to the
Secured Parties the grant or perfection of a perfected security interest in all the Collateral under the UCC. 

(c) Each
Debtor hereby irrevocably appoints the Secured Parties as such Debtor s attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and instead
of such Debtor and in the name of such Debtor, from time to time in the Secured Parties discretion, to take any action and to execute
any instrument which the Secured Parties may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement, pertaining to the
filing, in its sole discretion, of one or more financing or continuation statements and amendments thereto, relative to any of the Collateral
without the signature of such Debtor where permitted by law, which financing statements may (but need not) describe the Collateral as
 all assets or all personal property or words of like import, and ratifies all such actions taken by the Secured
Parties. This power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable for the term of this Agreement and thereafter as
long as any of the Obligations shall be outstanding. 

19 

16. Notices .
All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be subject to the notice provision of the Purchase Agreement (as
such term is defined in the Note). 

17. Other
Security . To the extent that the Obligations are now or hereafter secured by property other than the Collateral or by the guarantee,
endorsement or property of any other person, firm, corporation or other entity, then the Secured Parties shall have the right, in its
sole discretion, to pursue, relinquish, subordinate, modify or take any other action with respect thereto, without in any way modifying
or affecting any of the Secured Parties rights and remedies hereunder. 

18. [Intentionally
Omitted]. 

19. Miscellaneous . 

(a) No
course of dealing between the Debtors and the Secured Parties, nor any failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part of
the Secured Parties, any right, power or privilege hereunder or under the Notes shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single
or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder or thereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise
of any other right, power or privilege. 

(b) All
of the rights and remedies of the Secured Parties with respect to the Collateral, whether established hereby or by the Notes or by any
other agreements, instruments or documents or by law shall be cumulative and may be exercised singly or concurrently. 

(c) This
Agreement, together with the exhibits and schedules hereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties
acknowledge have been merged into this Agreement and the exhibits and schedules hereto. No provision of this Agreement may be waived,
modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Debtors and the Secured Parties
holding 67 or more of the principal amount of Notes then outstanding, or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement
of any such waived provision is sought. 

(d) If
any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void
or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect
and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find
and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant
or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms,
provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable. 

20 

(e) No
waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver
in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any
delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. 

(f) This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company and the
Guarantors may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Secured Parties
(other than by merger as provided in this Agreement and the Notes). The Secured Parties may assign any or all of its rights under this
Agreement to any party to whom such Secured Parties assigns or transfers any Obligations, provided such transferee agrees in writing to
be bound, with respect to the transferred Obligations, by the provisions of this Agreement that apply to the Secured Parties. 

(g) Each
party shall take such further action and execute and deliver such further documents as may be necessary or appropriate in order to carry
out the provisions and purposes of this Agreement. 

(h) Except
to the extent mandatorily governed by the jurisdiction or situs where the Collateral is located, all questions concerning the construction,
validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal
laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Except to the extent mandatorily governed by
the jurisdiction or situs where the Collateral is located, each Debtor agrees that all proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement
and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Notes (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective
affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state courts
located in the State of Nevada or in the federal courts located in the State of Nevada, and each Debtor hereby irrevocably waives, and
agrees not to assert in any proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court or that such
proceeding is improper. Except to the extent mandatorily governed by the jurisdiction or situs where the Collateral is located, each Debtor
hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state courts located in the State of Nevada or in the federal courts located
in the State of Nevada, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby
or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject
to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such proceeding is improper. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service
of process and consents to process being served in any such proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight
delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such
service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit
in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or
the transactions contemplated hereby. 

21 

(i) This
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and, all of
which taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission,
such signature shall create a valid binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) the same
with the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature were the original thereof. 

(j) All
Debtors shall jointly and severally be liable for the obligations of each Debtor to the Secured Parties hereunder. 

(k) Each
Debtor shall indemnify, reimburse and hold harmless the Secured Parties and their respective partners, members, shareholders, officers,
directors, employees and agents (and any other persons with other titles that have similar functions) (including, without limitation,
those retained in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) (collectively, Indemnitees from
and against any and all losses, claims, liabilities, damages, penalties, suits, costs and expenses, of any kind or nature, (including
fees relating to the cost of investigating and defending any of the foregoing) imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Indemnitee
in any way related to or arising from or alleged to arise from this Agreement or the Collateral, except any such losses, claims, liabilities,
damages, penalties, suits, costs and expenses which result from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Indemnitee as determined
by a final, nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction. This indemnification provision is in addition to, and not in
limitation of, any other indemnification provision in the Notes, the Purchase Agreement (as such term is defined in the Note) or any other
agreement, instrument or other document executed or delivered in connection herewith or therewith. 

(l) Nothing
in this Agreement shall be construed to subject the Secured Parties to liability as a partner in any Debtor or any if its direct or indirect
subsidiaries that is a partnership or as a member in any Debtor or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries that is a limited liability
company, nor shall the Secured Parties be deemed to have assumed any obligations under any partnership agreement or limited liability
company agreement, as applicable, of any such Debtor or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries or otherwise, unless and until any
such Secured Parties exercise its right to be substituted for such Debtor as a partner or member, as applicable, pursuant hereto. 

(m) To
the extent that the grant of the security interest in the Collateral and the enforcement of the terms hereof require the consent, approval
or action of any partner or member, as applicable, of any Debtor or any direct or indirect subsidiary of any Debtor or compliance with
any provisions of any of the Organizational Documents, the Debtors hereby grant such consent and approval and waive any such noncompliance
with the terms of said documents. 

(n) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, all rights and obligations under this Agreement shall only be effective as of the Effective
Date. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOW] 

22 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Security Agreement to be duly executed on the day and year first above written. 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Name: Sean Folkson 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

NIGHTFOOD, Inc. 

By: 

Name: Sean Folkson 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

MJ MUNCHIES, Inc. 

By: 

Name: Sean Folkson 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

MAST HILL FUND, L.P. 

By: 

Name: Patrick Hassani 

Title: Chief Investment Officer 

23 

SCHEDULE A 

Principal Place of Business of Debtors: 520 White Plains
Road, Suite 500, Tarrytown, New York 10591 

Locations Where Collateral is Located or Stored: 

520 White Plains Road, Suite 500, Tarrytown, New
York 10591 

24 

SCHEDULE B 

Jurisdiction of Organization 

Debtor 
 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 NEVADA 

NIGHTFOOD, INC. 
 
 NEW YORK 

MJ MUNCHIES, Inc. 
 
 NEVADA 

25 

ANNEX A 

 to 

 SECURITY 

 AGREEMENT 

FORM OF ADDITIONAL
DEBTOR JOINDER 

Security Agreement dated as of May 31, 2023 made
by 

 NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

 and its subsidiaries party thereto from time to
time, as Debtors 

 to and in favor of 

 the Secured Parties identified therein (the Security
Agreement 

Reference is made to the Security
Agreement as defined above; capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms
in, or by reference in, the Security Agreement. 

The undersigned hereby agrees
that upon delivery of this Additional Debtor Joinder to the Secured Parties referred to above, the undersigned shall (a) be an Additional
Debtor under the Security Agreement, (b) have all the rights and obligations of the Debtors under the Security Agreement as fully and
to the same extent as if the undersigned was an original signatory thereto and (c) be deemed to have made the representations and warranties
set forth therein as of the date of execution and delivery of this Additional Debtor Joinder. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING,
THE UNDERSIGNED SPECIFICALLY GRANTS TO THE SECURED PARTIES A SECURITY INTEREST IN THE COLLATERAL AS MORE FULLY SET FORTH IN THE SECURITY
AGREEMENT AND ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES TO THE WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL PROVISIONS SET FORTH THEREIN. 

Attached hereto are supplemental
and/or replacement Schedules to the Security Agreement, as applicable. 

An executed copy of this Joinder
shall be delivered to the Secured Parties, and the Secured Parties may rely on the matters set forth herein on or after the date hereof.
This Joinder shall not be modified, amended or terminated without the prior written consent of the Secured Parties. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has caused this Joinder to be executed in the name and on behalf of the undersigned. 

NONE 

[Name of Additional Debtor] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address: 

Dated: 

</EX-10.43>

<EX-10.44>
 10
 f10k2023ex10-44_nightfood.htm
 SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE WITH MAST HILL FUND, L.P. DATED JUNE 1, 2023

Exhibit 10.44 

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE 

This SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE
(the Guarantee ), dated as of May 31, 2023, is made by Nightfood, Inc., a New York corporation, and MJ Munchies, Inc., a
Nevada corporation (the Guarantors ), Nightfood Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), and Mast
Hill Fund, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Purchaser ). 

W I T N E S S E T H: 

Whereas, the Company
and Purchaser are the parties to that certain promissory note in the principal amount of 700,000.00 dated September 22, 2022 (as amended
from time to time, the First Note ), that certain promissory note in the principal amount of 619,000.00 dated February 5,
2023 (as amended from time to time, the Second Note ), that certain promissory note in the principal amount of 160,941.18
dated February 28, 2023 (as amended from time to time, the Third Note ), that certain promissory note in the principal amount
of 160,941.18 dated March 24, 2023 (as amended from time to time, the Fourth Note ), that certain promissory note in the
principal amount of 160,941.18 dated April 17, 2023 (the Fifth Note ); and that certain promissory note in the principal
amount of 200,000.00 dated May 31, 2023 (the Sixth Note (the First Note, Second Note, Third Note, Fourth Note, Fifth Note,
and Sixth Note shall be collectively referred to herein as the Notes ); and 

Whereas, the Guarantors
have and will directly benefit from the extension of credit to the Company under the Notes; and 

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises and to induce the Purchaser to enter into the transactions in connection therewith, the Guarantors hereby
agree with the Purchaser as follows, which shall be effective immediately upon the Company s payment of the Final Settlement Payments
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement (as defined below)) (the Effective Date ): 

1. Definitions .
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the securities purchase agreement entered into by the Company and Purchaser as of the
date of this Guarantee (the Purchase Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Purchase Agreement.
The words hereof, herein, hereto and hereunder and words of similar import when
used in this Guarantee shall refer to this Guarantee as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Guarantee, and Section and
Schedule references are to this Guarantee unless otherwise specified. The meanings given to terms defined herein shall be equally applicable
to both the singular and plural forms of such terms. The following terms shall have the following meanings: 

Guarantee 
means this Subsidiary Guarantee, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Obligations 
means the collective reference to all obligations and undertakings of the Company of whatever nature, monetary or otherwise under the
Notes, the Security Agreement of even date herewith by and between the Company, its Subsidiaries, and the Purchaser (the Security
Agreement ), and the other transaction documents entered into in connection with the Notes (together with the Notes, the Transaction
Documents ), or any other future agreement or obligations undertaken by the Company, its Subsidiaries to the Purchaser, together
with all reasonable attorneys fees, disbursements and all other costs and expenses of collection incurred by Purchaser in enforcing
any of such Obligations and/or this Guarantee. 

1 of 9 

2. Guarantee . 

(a) Guarantee . 

(i) The Guarantors hereby unconditionally and irrevocably, jointly
and severally, guarantee to each of the Purchaser and its successors, indorsees, transferees and assigns, the prompt and complete payment
and performance by the Company and its Subsidiaries when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of the Obligations. 

(ii) Anything herein or in any other Transaction Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, the maximum liability of the Guarantors hereunder
and under the other Transaction Documents shall in no event exceed the amount which can be guaranteed by such Guarantors under applicable
federal and state laws, including laws relating to the insolvency of debtors, fraudulent conveyance or transfer or laws affecting the
rights of creditors generally. 

(iii) The Guarantors agree that the Obligations may at any time and from time to time exceed the amount of the liability of such Guarantors
hereunder without impairing the guarantee contained in this Section 2 or affecting the rights and remedies of the Purchaser hereunder. 

(iv) The guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall remain in full force and effect until all the Obligations and the obligations of the
Guarantors under the guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall have been satisfied by payment in full. 

(v) No payment made by the Company, its Subsidiaries, the Guarantors, any other Guarantors or any other Person or received or collected
by the Purchaser from the Company, its Subsidiaries, the Guarantors, any other Guarantors or any other Person by virtue of any action
or proceeding or any set-off or appropriation or application at any time or from time to time in reduction of or in payment of the Obligations
shall be deemed to modify, reduce, release or otherwise affect the liability of the Guarantors hereunder which shall, notwithstanding
any such payment (other than any payment made by such Guarantors in respect of the Obligations or any payment received or collected from
such Guarantors in respect of the Obligations), remain jointly and severally liable for the Obligations until the Obligations are paid
in full. 

(vi) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Guarantee, with respect to any defaulted non-monetary Obligations, the specific performance
of which by the Guarantors are not reasonably possible (e.g. the issuance of the Company s Common Stock), the Guarantors shall only be
jointly and severally liable for making the Purchaser whole on a monetary basis for the Company s and its Subsidiaries failure
to perform such Obligations in accordance with the Transaction Documents. 

2 of 9 

(b) No
Subrogation . Notwithstanding any payment made by the Guarantors hereunder or any set-off or application of funds of the Guarantors
by the Purchaser, the Guarantors shall not be entitled to be subrogated to any of the rights of the Purchaser against the Company, its
Subsidiaries, or any other Guarantors or any collateral security or guarantee or right of offset held by the Purchaser for the payment
of the Obligations, nor shall the Guarantors seek or be entitled to seek any contribution or reimbursement from the Company, its Subsidiaries,
or any other Guarantors in respect of payments made by such Guarantors hereunder, until all amounts owing to the Purchaser by the Company,
its Subsidiaries on account of the Obligations are paid in full. If any amount shall be paid to the Guarantors on account of such subrogation
rights at any time when all of the Obligations shall not have been paid in full, such amount shall be held by the Guarantors in trust
for the Purchaser, segregated from other funds of such Guarantors, and shall, forthwith upon receipt by such Guarantors, be turned over
to the Purchaser in the exact form received by such Guarantors (duly indorsed by such Guarantors to the Purchaser, if required), to be
applied against the Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in such order as the Purchaser may determine. 

(c) Amendments,
Etc. With Respect to the Obligations . The Guarantors shall remain jointly and severally obligated hereunder notwithstanding that,
without any reservation of rights against any Guarantors and without notice to or further assent by any Guarantors, any demand for payment
of any of the Obligations made by the Purchaser may be rescinded by the Purchaser and any of the Obligations continued, and the Obligations,
or the liability of any other Person upon or for any part thereof, or any collateral security or guarantee therefor or right of offset
with respect thereto, may, from time to time, in whole or in part, be renewed, extended, amended, modified, accelerated, compromised,
waived, surrendered or released by the Purchaser, and the Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and any other documents
executed and delivered in connection therewith may be amended, modified, supplemented or terminated, in whole or in part, as the Purchaser
may deem advisable from time to time, and any collateral security, guarantee or right of offset at any time held by the Purchaser for
the payment of the Obligations may be sold, exchanged, waived, surrendered or released. The Purchaser shall have no obligation to protect,
secure or perfect any Lien at any time held by them as security for the Obligations or for the guarantee contained in this Section 2 or
any property subject thereto. 

(d) Guarantee
Absolute and Unconditional . The Guarantors waive any and all notice of the creation, renewal, extension or accrual of any of the Obligations
and notice of or proof of reliance by the Purchaser upon the guarantee contained in this Section 2 or acceptance of the guarantee contained
in this Section 2; the Obligations, and any of them, shall conclusively be deemed to have been created, contracted or incurred, or renewed,
extended, amended or waived, in reliance upon the guarantee contained in this Section 2; and all dealings between the Company, its Subsidiaries,
and any of the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Purchaser, on the other hand, likewise shall be conclusively presumed to have been
had or consummated in reliance upon the guarantee contained in this Section 2. The Guarantors waive to the extent permitted by law diligence,
presentment, protest, demand for payment and notice of default or nonpayment to or upon the Company, its Subsidiaries, or any of the Guarantors
with respect to the Obligations. The Guarantors understand and agree that the guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall be construed
as a continuing, absolute and unconditional guarantee of payment without regard to (a) the validity or enforceability of any Transaction
Document or document entered into in connection with the Purchase Agreement, any of the Obligations or any other collateral security therefor
or guarantee or right of offset with respect thereto at any time or from time to time held by the Purchaser, (b) any defense, set-off
or counterclaim (other than a defense of payment or performance or fraud or misconduct by Purchaser) which may at any time be available
to or be asserted by the Company, its Subsidiaries or any other Person against the Purchaser, or (c) any other circumstance whatsoever
(with or without notice to or knowledge of the Company, its Subsidiaries, or the Guarantors) which constitutes, or might be construed
to constitute, an equitable or legal discharge of the Company, for the Obligations, or of the Guarantors under the guarantee contained
in this Section 2, in bankruptcy or in any other instance. When making any demand hereunder or otherwise pursuing its rights and remedies
hereunder against any Guarantor, the Purchaser may, but shall be under no obligation to, make a similar demand on or otherwise pursue
such rights and remedies as it may have against the Company, any other Guarantor or any other Person or against any collateral security
or guarantee for the Obligations or any right of offset with respect thereto, and any failure by the Purchaser to make any such demand,
to pursue such other rights or remedies or to collect any payments from the Company, any other Guarantors or any other Person or to realize
upon any such collateral security or guarantee or to exercise any such right of offset, or any release of the Company, any other Guarantors
or any other Person or any such collateral security, guarantee or right of offset, shall not relieve any Guarantor, of any obligation
or liability hereunder, and shall not impair or affect the rights and remedies, whether express, implied or available as a matter of law,
of the Purchaser against any Guarantors. For the purposes hereof, demand shall include the commencement and continuance of
any legal proceedings. 

3 of 9 

(e) Reinstatement .
The guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment,
or any part thereof, of any of the Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Purchaser upon the insolvency,
bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any Guarantors, or upon or as a result of the
appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for, the Company, its Subsidiaries, or any Guarantors
or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payments had not been made. 

(f) Payments .
The Guarantors hereby jointly and severally guarantee that payments hereunder will be paid to the Purchaser without set-off or counterclaim
in U.S. dollars at the address set forth or referred to in the Purchase Agreement. 

3. Representations
and Warranties . Each Guarantor hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Purchaser as of the date hereof: 

(a) Organization
and Qualification . Each of the Guarantors is a corporation or limited liability company, duly incorporated, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, with the requisite corporate power and authority to own and use its
properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. The Guarantors are duly qualified to do business and is in
good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes
such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not, individually
or in the aggregate, (x) adversely affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any of this Guaranty in any material respect, (y)
have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, prospects, or financial condition of the Guarantors or (z) adversely
impair in any material respect the Guarantor ability to perform fully on a timely basis its obligations under this Guaranty (a Material
Adverse Effect ). 

(b) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Guarantor has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Guarantee and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Guarantee by the Guarantors
and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action on the
part of the Guarantor. This Guarantee has been duly executed and delivered by the Guarantors and constitutes the valid and binding obligation
of the Guarantors enforceable against the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of,
creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application. 

4 of 9 

(c) No
Conflicts . The execution, delivery and performance of this Guaranty by the Guarantor and the consummation by the Guarantors of the
transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not, to Guarantors knowledge (i) conflict with or violate any provision of its
Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws or (ii) conflict with, constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or
both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement,
indenture or instrument to which the Guarantors are a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment,
injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Guarantors is subject (including Federal and
state securities laws and regulations), or by which any material property or asset of the Guarantors is bound or affected, except in the
case of each of clauses (i) and (iii), such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations
as could not, individually or in the aggregate, adversely impair in any material respect the Guarantors ability to perform fully
on a timely basis its obligations under this Guaranty (a Material Adverse Effect ). The business of the Guarantors are not
being conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, except for violations which, individually
or in the aggregate, do not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(d) Consents
and Approvals . The Guarantor is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration
with, any court or other federal, state, local, foreign or other governmental authority or other person in connection with the execution,
delivery and performance by the Guarantors of this Guaranty. 

(e) Purchase
Agreement . The representations and warranties of the Company set forth in the Purchase Agreement as they relate to such Guarantor,
each of which is hereby incorporated herein by reference, are true and correct as of each time such representations are deemed to be made
pursuant to such Purchase Agreement, and the Purchaser shall be entitled to rely on each of them as if they were fully set forth herein,
provided, that each reference in each such representation and warranty to the Guarantors knowledge shall, for the purposes of this Section
3, be deemed to be a reference to such Guarantors knowledge 

4. Covenants .
The Guarantor covenants and agrees with the Purchaser that, from and after the date of this Guarantee until the Obligations shall have
been paid in full, such Guarantor shall take, and/or shall refrain from taking, as the case may be, each commercially reasonable action
that is necessary to be taken or not taken, as the case may be, so that no Event of Default is caused by the failure to take such action
or to refrain from taking such action by the Guarantors. Additionally, the Guarantors agree to be bound by the covenants set forth in
Notes as if fully set forth herein. 

5 of 9 

5. Miscellaneous . 

(a) Amendments
in Writing . None of the terms or provisions of this Guarantee may be waived, amended, supplemented or otherwise modified except in
writing by the Purchaser. 

(b) Notices .
All notices, requests and demands to or upon the Purchaser or any Guarantors hereunder shall be affected in the manner provided for in
the Purchase Agreement at their respective addresses (in the case of the Guarantors, at the address listed on page 1 hereof). 

(c) No
Waiver By Course Of Conduct; Cumulative Remedies . The Purchaser shall not by any act (except by a written instrument pursuant to Section
5(a)), delay, indulgence, omission or otherwise be deemed to have waived any right or remedy hereunder or to have acquiesced in any default
under the Transaction Documents or Event of Default. No failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part of the Purchaser,
any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof. No single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege
hereunder shall preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. A waiver by the
Purchaser of any right or remedy hereunder on any one occasion shall not be construed as a bar to any right or remedy which the Purchaser
would otherwise have on any future occasion. The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative, may be exercised singly or concurrently
and are not exclusive of any other rights or remedies provided by law. 

(d) Enforcement Expenses ; Indemnification . 

(i) The Guarantor agree to pay, or reimburse the Purchaser for,
all its costs and expenses incurred in collecting against such Guarantor under the guarantee contained in Section 2 or otherwise enforcing
or preserving any rights under this Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents to which such Guarantor is a party, including, without
limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Purchaser. 

(ii) The Guarantor agree to pay, and to save the Purchaser harmless from, any and all liabilities with respect to, or resulting from any
delay in paying, any and all stamp, excise, sales or other taxes which may be payable or determined to be payable in connection with any
of the transactions contemplated by this Guarantee. 

(iii) The Guarantor agree to pay, and to save the Purchaser harmless from, any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties,
actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever with respect to the execution, delivery,
enforcement, performance and administration of this Guarantee to the extent the Company would be required to do so pursuant to the Notes, Pledge
Agreement or Security Agreement. 

(iv) The agreements in this Section shall survive repayment of the Obligations. 

6 of 9 

(e) Successor
and Assigns . This Guarantee shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of the Guarantors and shall inure to the benefit of the
Purchaser and their respective successors and assigns; provided that the Guarantors may not assign, transfer or delegate any of its rights
or obligations under this Guarantee without the prior written consent of the Purchaser. 

(f) Set-Off .
Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably authorizes the Purchaser at any time and from time to time while an Event of Default under the Notes
shall have occurred and be continuing, without notice to such Guarantor or any other Guarantors, any such notice being expressly waived
by each Guarantor, to set-off and appropriate and apply any and all deposits, credits, indebtedness or claims, in any currency, in each
case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or owing by the Purchaser to or for the
credit or the account of such Guarantor, or any part thereof in such amounts as the Purchaser may elect, against and on account of the
obligations and liabilities of such Guarantor to the Purchaser hereunder and claims of every nature and description of the Purchaser against
such Guarantor, in any currency, whether arising hereunder, under the Notes or otherwise, as the Purchaser may elect, whether or not the
Purchaser have made any demand for payment and although such obligations, liabilities and claims may be contingent or unmatured. The Purchaser
shall notify such Guarantor promptly of any such set-off and the application made by the Purchaser of the proceeds thereof, provided that
the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. The rights of the Purchaser under this
Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including, without limitation, other rights of set-off) which the Purchaser may
have. 

(g) Severability .
Any provision of this Guarantee which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

(h) Section
Headings . The Section headings used in this Guarantee are for convenience of reference only and are not to affect the construction
hereof or be taken into consideration in the interpretation hereof. 

(i) Integration .
This Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents represent the agreement of the Guarantors and the Purchaser with respect to the subject
matter hereof and thereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the Purchaser relative to subject
matter hereof and thereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in the other Transaction Documents. 

(j) Governing
Law . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Guarantee shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law
thereof. 

7 of 9 

(k)
 Submission to Jurisdictional; Waiver . Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: 

(i) submits for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding
relating to this Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment
in respect thereof, to the exclusive jurisdiction of state courts located in the State of Nevada or in the federal courts located in
the State of Nevada; 

(ii) consents that any such action or proceeding may be brought in such courts and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have
to the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court
and agrees not to plead or claim the same; 

(iii) agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified
mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to such Guarantor at its address referred to above or at such other
address of which the Purchaser shall have been notified pursuant thereto; 

(iv) agrees that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit
the right to sue in any other jurisdiction; and 

(v) waives, to the maximum extent not prohibited by law, any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal action or proceeding referred
to in this Section any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages. 

(l) Acknowledgements . Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges that: 

(i) it has been advised by counsel in the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party; 

(ii) the Purchaser has no fiduciary relationship with or duty to any Guarantor arising out of or in connection with this Guarantee or any
of the other Transaction Documents, and the relationship between the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Purchaser, on the other hand,
in connection herewith or therewith is solely that of debtor and creditor; and 

(iii) no joint venture is created hereby or by the other Transaction Documents or otherwise exists by virtue of the transactions contemplated
hereby among the Guarantors and the Purchaser. 

(m) Release
of Guarantors . The Guarantors will be released from all liability hereunder concurrently with the repayment in full of all amounts
in connection with the Obligations. 

(n) Waiver
of Jury Trial . THE GUARANTORS AND, BY ACCEPTANCE OF THE BENEFITS HEREOF, THE PURCHASER, HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE
TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS GUARANTEE AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN. 

(o) Seniority. 
The obligations of the Guarantors under this Guarantee shall be senior in right of payment to its other obligations and will be secured
be a first lien in all of the Guarantors tangible and intangible assets. 

(p) Effectiveness .
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, all rights and obligations under this Agreement shall only be effective as
of the Effective Date. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW] 

8 of 9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned
has caused this Guarantee to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 

Nightfood, Inc. 

By: 

Name: 
 Sean Folkson 

Title: 
 CEO 

MJ Munchies, Inc. 

By: 

Name: 
 Sean Folkson 

Title: 
 CEO 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED: 

Nightfood Holdings, Inc. 

By: 

Name: 
 Sean Folkson 

Title: 
 CEO 

9 of 9 

</EX-10.44>

<EX-10.45>
 11
 f10k2023ex10-45_nightfood.htm
 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT WITH FOURTH MAN, LLC DATED JUNE 29, 2023

Exhibit 10.45 

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), dated as of June 29, 2023, by and between NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. , a Nevada
corporation, with headquarters located at 520 White Plains Road, Suite 500, Tarrytown, NY 10591 (the Company ), and FOURTH
MAN, LLC , a Nevada limited liability company, with its address at 21520 Yorba Linda Blvd., Suite G PMB 335, Yorba Linda, CA 92887
(the Buyer ). 

WHEREAS : 

A. The
Company and the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded
by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act and Rule 506(b) promulgated by the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the 1933 Act; and 

B. Buyer
desires to purchase from the Company, and the Company desires to issue and sell to the Buyer, upon the terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement, a promissory note of the Company, in the aggregate principal amount of 65,000.00 (as the principal amount thereof
may be increased pursuant to the terms thereof, and together with any note(s) issued in replacement thereof or as a dividend thereon or
otherwise with respect thereto in accordance with the terms thereof, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A , the Note ),
convertible into shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, of the Company (the Common Stock ), upon the terms and
subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such Note; and 

C. The
Buyer wishes to purchase, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, such principal amount of the Note as is set forth immediately
below its name on the signature pages hereto; and 

D. The
Company wishes to issue a common stock purchase warrant to purchase 600,000 shares of Common Stock (the Warrant and 1,969,697
shares of Common Stock (the Commitment Shares to the Buyer as additional consideration for the purchase of the Note, which
shall be earned in full as of the Closing Date, as further provided herein. 

NOW THEREFORE ,
in consideration of the foregoing and of the agreements and covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Buyer hereby agree as follows: 

1. Purchase and Sale of Note. 

a. Purchase
of Note. On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer, and the Buyer agrees to purchase from
the Company, the Note, as further provided herein. As used in this Agreement, the term business day shall mean any day other
than a Saturday, Sunday, or a day on which commercial banks in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive
order to remain closed. 

b. Form of Payment. On the Closing
Date: (i) the Buyer shall pay the purchase price of 55,250.00 (the Purchase Price for the Note, to be issued and
sold to it at the Closing (as defined below), by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company, in accordance with the
Company s written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Note, and (ii) the Company shall deliver such duly executed
Note and Warrant on behalf of the Company, to the Buyer, against delivery of such Purchase Price. On the Closing, the Buyer shall
withhold a non-accountable sum of 2,500.00 from the Purchase Price to cover the Buyer s legal fees in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. On the Closing, the Buyer shall also withhold a sum of 2,762.50 from the Purchase
Price to cover the Company s fees owed to J. H. Darbie Co., a registered broker-dealer (CRD#: 43520), in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

c. Closing
Date. Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions thereto set forth in Section 6 and Section 7 below, the date
and time of the issuance and sale of the Note pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date shall be on the date that the
Purchase Price for the Note is paid by Buyer pursuant to terms of this Agreement. 

1 

d. Closing .
The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing shall occur on the Closing Date at such location
as may be agreed to by the parties (including via exchange of electronic signatures). 

1A. Warrant; Commitment
Shares. On or before the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Warrant and Commitment Shares to the Buyer pursuant to the terms
of contained therein, which shall be earned in full as of the Closing Date. If the Note is extinguished in the entirety prior to the date
that is one hundred eighty (180) calendar days after the date of this Agreement, then 1,477,272 of the Commitment Shares shall be cancelled
and returned to the Company s treasury. 

2. Buyer s
Representations and Warranties. The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company as of the Closing Date that: 

a. Investment
Purpose. As of the Closing Date, the Buyer is purchasing the Note and Warrant (the Note, Warrant, Commitment Shares, shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note (the Conversion Shares ), and shares of Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to the Warrant (the Exercise Shares shall collectively be referred to herein
as the Securities for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except
pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the 1933 Act; provided , however , that by making the representations
herein, the Buyer does not agree to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose
of the Securities at any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration statement or an exemption under the 1933 Act. 

b. Accredited
Investor Status. The Buyer is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D (an Accredited
Investor ). 

c. Reliance
on Exemptions. The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions from
the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy
of, and the Buyer s compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Buyer
set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Buyer to acquire the Securities. 

d. Information. 
The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remains outstanding will continue to be, furnished with all
materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities
which have been requested by the Buyer or its advisors. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remains
outstanding will continue to be, afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company regarding its business and affairs. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Buyer any material nonpublic information regarding the Company or otherwise and will
not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to or promptly following such disclosure to the
Buyer. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigation conducted by Buyer or any of its advisors or representatives shall
modify, amend or affect Buyer s right to rely on the Company s representations and warranties contained in Section 3 below. 

e. Governmental
Review. The Buyer understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed
upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities. 

2 

f. Transfer
or Re-sale. The Buyer understands that (i) the sale or resale of the Securities has not been and is not being registered under the
1933 Act or any applicable state securities laws, and the Securities may not be transferred unless (a) the Securities are sold pursuant
to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act, (b) the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Company,
an opinion of counsel (which may be the Legal Counsel Opinion (as defined below)) that shall be in form, substance and scope customary
for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions to the effect that the Securities to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred
pursuant to an exemption from such registration, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company, (c) the Securities are sold or transferred
to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) Rule 144 ))
of the Buyer who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the Securities only in accordance with this Section 2(f) and who is an Accredited
Investor, (d) the Securities are sold pursuant to Rule 144 or other applicable exemption, or (e) the Securities are sold pursuant to
Regulation S under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) Regulation S ), and the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company,
at the cost of the Company, an opinion of counsel that shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in corporate
transactions, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company; (ii) any sale of such Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made
only in accordance with the terms of said Rule and further, if said Rule is not applicable, any re-sale of such Securities under circumstances
in which the seller (or the person through whom the sale is made) may be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term is defined in the
1933 Act) may require compliance with some other exemption under the 1933 Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder; and
(iii) neither the Company nor any other person is under any obligation to register such Securities under the 1933 Act or any state securities
laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder (in each case). Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything
else contained herein to the contrary, the Securities may be pledged in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending
arrangement secured by the Securities, and such pledge of Securities shall not be deemed to be a transfer, sale or assignment of the
Securities hereunder, and the Buyer in effecting such pledge of Securities shall be not required to provide the Company with any notice
thereof or otherwise make any delivery to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise. 

g. Legends. 
The Buyer understands that until such time as the Note, Warrant, Commitment Shares, Conversion Shares, and/or Exercise Shares, have been
registered under the 1933 Act or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A under the 1933 Act, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption
without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, the Securities may bear
a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of such Securities): 

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND
SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE [CONVERTIBLE/EXERCISABLE] HAVE
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR
SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM,
THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A, REGULATION S, OR OTHER APPLICABLE
EXEMPTION UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR
OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

The legend set
forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate or book entry statement for the applicable shares of Common Stock
without such legend to the holder of any Security upon which it is stamped or (as requested by such holder) issue the applicable shares
of Common Stock to such holder by electronic delivery by crediting the account of such holder s broker with The Depository Trust
Company DTC ), if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws, (a) such Security is registered
for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A,
Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then
be immediately sold, or (b) the Company or the Buyer provides the Legal Counsel Opinion (as contemplated by and in accordance with Section
4(m) hereof) to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Security may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which
opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected. The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its
transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance. The Buyer agrees to sell all Securities, including those represented
by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In
the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided by the Buyer with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant
to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption at the Deadline (as defined
in the Note), it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note. 

3 

h. Authorization;
Enforcement. This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized by the Buyer and has been duly executed and delivered on behalf
of the Buyer, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer enforceable in accordance with its terms,
except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting
creditors rights generally and except as may be limited by the exercise of judicial discretion in applying principles of
equity. 

3. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer as of the Closing Date that: 

a. Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below), if any, is a corporation duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated or formed, with full power and authority (corporate
and other) to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated and
conducted. The SEC Documents set forth a list of all of the Subsidiaries of the Company and the jurisdiction in which each is incorporated.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction
in which its ownership or use of property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary except where
the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Material Adverse Effect means
any material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, financial condition or prospects of the Company or its Subsidiaries,
if any, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements or instruments to be entered into in connection
herewith. Subsidiaries means any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, in which the
Company owns, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest. 

b. Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, the Note, and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the Securities, in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof,
(ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Warrant, the Note, Commitment Shares, Conversion Shares, and the Exercise Shares
by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including without limitation, the issuance
of the Note, Warrant, Commitment Shares, as well as the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares
issuable upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant) have been duly authorized by the Company s Board of Directors
and no further consent or authorization of the Company, its Board of Directors, its shareholders, or its debt holders is required, (iii)
this Agreement and the Note (together with any other instruments executed in connection herewith or therewith) have been duly executed
and delivered by the Company by its authorized representative, and such authorized representative is the true and official representative
with authority to sign this Agreement, the Note and the other instruments documents executed in connection herewith or therewith and bind
the Company accordingly, and (iv) this Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and delivery by the Company of the Note, each of such
instruments will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with
their terms. 

c. Capitalization;
Governing Documents. As of June 29, 2023, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of: 200,000,000 authorized shares of
Common Stock, of which 121,618,271 shares were issued and outstanding, and 1,005,000 authorized shares of preferred stock, of which 1,000
shares of Series A preferred stock and 2,300 shares of Series B preferred stock were issued and outstanding. All of such outstanding shares
of capital stock of the Company, the Commitment Shares, Conversion Shares, and Exercise Shares are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. No shares of capital stock of the Company are subject to preemptive rights or any other
similar rights of the shareholders of the Company or any liens or encumbrances imposed through the actions or failure to act of the Company.
As of the effective date of this Agreement, other than as publicly announced prior to such date and reflected in the SEC Documents of
the Company (i) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe for, puts, calls, rights of first refusal, agreements,
understandings, claims or other commitments or rights of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into
or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or arrangements by which the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii)
there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of
its or their securities under the 1933 Act and (iii) there are no anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions contained in any security
issued by the Company (or in any agreement providing rights to security holders) that will be triggered by the issuance of any of the
Securities. The Company has furnished to the Buyer true and correct copies of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation as in effect
on the date hereof Certificate of Incorporation ), the Company s By-laws, as in effect on the date hereof (the By-laws ),
and the terms of all securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock of the Company and the material rights of the holders
thereof in respect thereto. 

4 

d. Issuance
of Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares. The Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares are duly authorized and reserved for issuance
and, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant in accordance with its terms, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable,
and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights
or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. 

e. Issuance
of Warrant and Commitment Shares. The issuance of the Warrant and Commitment Shares is duly authorized and will be validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not
be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the
holder thereof. 

f. Acknowledgment
of Dilution. The Company understands and acknowledges the potentially dilutive effect of the Commitment Shares as well as the Conversion
Shares and Exercise Shares to the Common Stock upon the conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant. The Company further acknowledges
that its obligation to issue, the Commitment Shares, and upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant, the Conversion Shares
and/or Exercise Shares, are absolute and unconditional regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership
interests of other shareholders of the Company. 

g. No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Note by the Company and the consummation by the Company
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion
Shares and Exercise Shares) will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or
By-laws, or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which with
notice or lapse of time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or
cancellation of, any agreement, note, evidence of indebtedness, indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including
federal and state securities laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company or its securities
is subject) applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect), or (iv) trigger any anti-dilution and/or ratchet provision contained
in any other contract in which the Company is a party thereto or any security issued by the Company. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is in violation of its Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws or other organizational documents and neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries is in default (and no event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time or both could put the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries in default) under, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any action or failed to take any
action that would give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument
to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any property or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is bound or affected, except for possible defaults as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The
businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, are not being conducted, and shall not be conducted so long as the Buyer owns
any of the Securities, in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity. Except as specifically contemplated
by this Agreement and as required under the 1933 Act and any applicable state securities laws, the Company is not required to obtain any
consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court, governmental agency, regulatory agency, self-regulatory
organization or stock market or any third party in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement
and the Note in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or to issue and sell the Note and Commitment Shares in accordance with the
terms hereof and, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant, issue Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares as applicable.
All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the Company is required to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence
have been obtained or effected on or prior to the date hereof. The Company is not in violation of the listing requirements of the Principal
Market (as defined herein) and does not reasonably anticipate that the Common Stock will be delisted by the Principal Market in the foreseeable
future. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. The
 Principal Market shall mean the principal securities exchange or trading market where such Common Stock is listed or traded,
including but not limited to any tier of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market), or the
NYSE American, or any successor to such markets. 

5 

h. SEC
Documents; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be
filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto
and documents (other than exhibits to such documents) incorporated by reference therein, being hereinafter referred to herein as the SEC
Documents ). As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934
Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at
the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. None of the statements made in any such SEC Documents is, or has been, required to be amended or updated under applicable
law (except for such statements as have been amended or updated in subsequent filings prior the date hereof). As of their respective dates,
the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting
requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved and fairly present
in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof
and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements,
to normal year-end audit adjustments). Except as set forth in the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents, the
Company has no liabilities, contingent or otherwise, other than (i) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business subsequent
to March 31, 2023, and (ii) obligations under contracts and commitments incurred in the ordinary course of business and not required under
generally accepted accounting principles to be reflected in such financial statements, which, individually or in the aggregate, are not
material to the financial condition or operating results of the Company. The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934
Act. The Company has never been a shell company as described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i). 

i. Absence
of Certain Changes . Since March 31, 2023, there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse development in the assets,
liabilities, business, properties, operations, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or 1934 Act reporting status of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

j. Absence
of Litigation. There is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government
agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened against
or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or their officers or directors in their capacity as such, that could have a Material
Adverse Effect. The SEC Documents contain a complete list and summary description of any pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened proceeding against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, without regard to whether it would have a Material
Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. 

k. Intellectual
Property. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses the requisite licenses or rights to use all patents, patent applications,
patent rights, inventions, know-how, trade secrets, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, service names, trade names and
copyrights Intellectual Property necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated
to be operated in the future); there is no claim or action by any person pertaining to, or proceeding pending, or to the Company s
knowledge threatened, which challenges the right of the Company or of a Subsidiary with respect to any Intellectual Property necessary
to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated in the future); to the best of the
Company s knowledge, the Company s or its Subsidiaries current and intended products, services and processes do not
infringe on any Intellectual Property or other rights held by any person; and the Company is unaware of any facts or circumstances which
might give rise to any of the foregoing. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the
secrecy, confidentiality and value of their Intellectual Property. 

6 

l. No
Materially Adverse Contracts, Etc. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any charter, corporate or other legal
restriction, or any judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation which in the judgment of the Company s officers has or is expected
in the future to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any contract or agreement
which in the judgment of the Company s officers has or is expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

m. Tax
Status. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has made or filed all federal, state and foreign income and all other tax returns,
reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject (unless and only to the extent that the Company and each
of its Subsidiaries has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes) and
has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns,
reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith and has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for
the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid
taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know of no
basis for any such claim. The Company has not executed a waiver with respect to the statute of limitations relating to the assessment
or collection of any foreign, federal, state or local tax. None of the Company s tax returns is presently being audited by any taxing
authority. 

n. Transactions
with Affiliates. Except for arm s length transactions pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries makes payments
in the ordinary course of business upon terms no less favorable than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries could obtain from third parties
and other than the grant of stock options described in the SEC Documents, none of the officers, directors, or employees of the Company
is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than for services as employees, officers and
directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental
of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the
knowledge of the Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has
a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner. 

o. Disclosure. 
All information relating to or concerning the Company or any of its Subsidiaries set forth in this Agreement and provided to the Buyer
pursuant to Section 2(d) hereof and otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby is true and correct in all material
respects and the Company has not omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made herein or therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No event or circumstance has occurred or exists with respect
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its or their business, properties, prospects, operations or financial conditions, which,
under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company but which has not been so publicly
announced or disclosed (assuming for this purpose that the Company s reports filed under the 1934 Act are being incorporated into
an effective registration statement filed by the Company under the 1933 Act). 

p. Acknowledgment
Regarding Buyer s Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Buyer is acting solely in the capacity
of arm s length purchaser with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company further acknowledges
that the Buyer is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby and any statement made by the Buyer or any of its respective representatives or agents in connection
with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby is not advice or a recommendation and is merely incidental to the Buyer s
purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Buyer that the Company s decision to enter into this Agreement
has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the Company and its representatives. 

q. No
Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly
or indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would
require registration under the 1933 Act of the issuance of the Securities to the Buyer. The issuance of the Securities to the Buyer
will not be integrated with any other issuance of the Company s securities (past, current or future) for purposes of any
shareholder approval provisions applicable to the Company or its securities. 

7 

r. No
Brokers; No Solicitation. Except with respect to J. H. Darbie Co., a registered broker-dealer (CRD#: 43520), the Company has
taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions, transaction fees or similar payments relating
to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company acknowledges and agrees that neither the Buyer nor its employee(s),
member(s), beneficial owner(s), or partner(s) solicited the Company to enter into this Agreement and consummate the transactions described
in this Agreement. The Company represents and warrants that neither the Buyer nor its employee(s), member(s), beneficial owner(s), or
partner(s) is required to be registered as a broker-dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 in order to (i) enter into or consummate
the transactions encompassed by this Agreement, the Note, Warrant, and the related transaction documents entered into in connection herewith
(the Transaction Documents ), (ii) fulfill the Investor s obligations under the Transaction Documents, or (iii) exercise
any of the Buyer s rights under the Transaction Documents (including but not limited to the sale of the Securities). 

s. Permits;
Compliance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits,
easements, variances, exemptions, consents, certificates, approvals and orders necessary to own, lease and operate its properties and
to carry on its business as it is now being conducted (collectively, the Company Permits ), and there is no action pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened regarding suspension or cancellation of any of the Company Permits. Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or violation of, any of the Company Permits, except for any such conflicts,
defaults or violations which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Since
March 31, 2023, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notification with respect to possible conflicts, defaults
or violations of applicable laws, except for notices relating to possible conflicts, defaults or violations, which conflicts, defaults
or violations would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

t. Environmental Matters. 

(i) There
are, to the Company s knowledge, with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor of the Company, no past
or present violations of Environmental Laws (as defined below), releases of any material into the environment, actions, activities, circumstances,
conditions, events, incidents, or contractual obligations which may give rise to any common law environmental liability or any liability
under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 or similar federal, state, local or foreign laws
and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice with respect to any of the foregoing, nor is any action pending
or, to the Company s knowledge, threatened in connection with any of the foregoing. The term Environmental Laws means
all federal, state, local or foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including, without limitation,
ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws relating to emissions,
discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively,
 Hazardous Materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment,
storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands or demand letters,
injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations issued, entered, promulgated or approved
thereunder. 

(ii) Other
than those that are or were stored, used or disposed of in compliance with applicable law, no Hazardous Materials are contained on or
about any real property currently owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and no Hazardous Materials were released
on or about any real property previously owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries during the period the property
was owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except in the normal course of the Company s or any of its
Subsidiaries business. 

(iii) There
are no underground storage tanks on or under any real property owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that are
not in compliance with applicable law. 

8 

u. Title
to Property. The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property and good and marketable
title to all personal property owned by them which is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in each case free
and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as are described in the SEC Documents, or such as would not have a Material
Adverse Effect. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting
and enforceable leases with such exceptions as would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

v. Insurance. 
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks
and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries
are engaged. Neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance
coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business
at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Upon written request the Company will provide to the Buyer true and correct copies
of all policies relating to directors and officers liability coverage, errors and omissions coverage, and commercial general
liability coverage. 

w. Internal
Accounting Controls. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient, in the
judgment of the Company s board of directors, to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with
management s general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is
permitted only in accordance with management s general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets
is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. 

x. Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, agent, employee or other person acting
on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, in the course of his actions for, or on behalf of, the Company, used any corporate funds
for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; made any direct or indirect
unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; violated or is in violation of any provision
of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other
unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee. 

y. [Intentionally
Omitted] . 

z. No
Investment Company. The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement will not
be an investment company required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (an Investment Company ).
The Company is not controlled by an Investment Company. 

aa. No Off Balance
Sheet Arrangements . There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and
an unconsolidated or other off balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its 1934 Act filings and is not
so disclosed or that otherwise could be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

bb. No Disqualification
Events . None of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the
Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20 or more of the Company s outstanding voting equity
securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the 1933 Act) connected
with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person is subject to any of the Bad
Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the 1933 Act (a Disqualification Event ), except
for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer
Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. 

cc. Manipulation
of Price . The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has: (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action
designed to cause or to result, or that could reasonably be expected to cause or result, in the stabilization or manipulation of the price
of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation
for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any person any compensation for soliciting another
to purchase any other securities of the Company. 

9 

dd. Bank Holding
Company Act . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ). Neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5 or more of the outstanding shares of
any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25 or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the
BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates exercises a controlling influence
over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. 

ee. Illegal or
Unauthorized Payments; Political Contributions . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Company s knowledge,
any of the officers, directors, employees, agents or other representatives of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any other business
entity or enterprise with which the Company or any Subsidiary is or has been affiliated or associated, has, directly or indirectly, made
or authorized any payment, contribution or gift of money, property, or services, whether or not in contravention of applicable law, (i)
as a kickback or bribe to any person or (ii) to any political organization, or the holder of or any aspirant to any elective or appointive
public office except for personal political contributions not involving the direct or indirect use of funds of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries. 

ff. Breach of
Representations and Warranties by the Company. The Company agrees that if the Company breaches any of the representations or warranties
set forth in this Section 3 and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered
an Event of Default under Section 3.4 of the Note. 

4. ADDITIONAL COVENANTS, AGREEMENTS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS . 

a. Best
Efforts. The parties shall use their best efforts to satisfy timely each of the conditions described in Section 6 and 7 of this Agreement. 

b. Form
D; Blue Sky Laws . The Company agrees to file a Form D with respect to the Securities if required under Regulation D and to provide
a copy thereof to the Buyer promptly after such filing. The Company shall, on or before the Closing Date, take such action as the Company
shall reasonably determine is necessary to qualify the Securities for sale to the Buyer at the applicable closing pursuant to this Agreement
under applicable securities or blue sky laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption from such qualification),
and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Buyer on or prior to the Closing Date. 

c. Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall use the proceeds for working capital and business development, and not for any other purpose, including
but not limited to (i) the repayment of any indebtedness owed to officers, directors or employees of the Company or their affiliates,
(ii) the repayment of any debt issued in corporate finance transactions (including but not limited to promissory notes that have the ability
to be converted into Common Stock), (iii) any loan to or investment in any other corporation, partnership, enterprise or other person
(except in connection with the Company s currently existing operations), (iv) any loan, credit, or advance to any officers, directors,
employees, or affiliates of the Company, or (v) in violation or contravention of any applicable law, rule or regulation. 

d. Right of Participation and First Refusal . 

(i) Other
than arrangements that are in place or disclosed in SEC Documents prior to the date of this
Agreement, from the date of this Agreement until the Note is extinguished in its entirety, the Company will not, (i) directly or indirectly,
offer, sell, grant any option to purchase, or otherwise dispose of (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other
disposition of) any of its or its Subsidiaries debt, equity, or equity equivalent securities, including without limitation any
debt, preferred shares or other instrument or security that is, at any time during its life and/or under any circumstances, convertible
into, exchangeable, or exercisable for Common Stock (any such offer, sale, grant, disposition or announcement being referred to as a Subsequent
Placement or (ii) enter into any definitive agreement with regard to the foregoing, in each case unless the Company shall have
first complied with this Section 4(d). 

10 

(ii) The
Company shall deliver to the Buyer an irrevocable written notice (the Offer Notice of any proposed or intended Subsequent
Placement, which shall (w) identify and describe the Subsequent Placement, (x) describe the price and other terms upon which they are
to be issued, sold or exchanged, and the number or amount of the securities in the Subsequent Placement to be issued, sold, or exchanged
and (y) offer to issue and sell to or exchange with the Buyer at least one hundred percent (100 of the securities in the Subsequent
Placement (in each case, an Offer ). 

(iii) To
accept an Offer, in whole or in part, the Buyer must deliver a written notice (the Notice of Acceptance to the Company
prior to the end of the fifth (5 th Trading Day (as defined in the Note) after the Buyer s receipt of the Offer Notice
(the Offer Period ), setting forth the amount that the Buyer elects to purchase (the Subscription Amount ).
The Company shall complete the Subsequent Placement and issue and sell the Subscription Amount to the Buyer upon terms and conditions
(including, without limitation, unit prices and interest rates) set forth in the Offer Notice, unless a change to such terms and conditions
is agreed to in writing between the Company and Buyer. 

(iv) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, if the Company desires to modify or amend the terms or conditions of a Subsequent Placement
at any time after the Offer Notice is given to Buyer (provided, however, that such modification or amendment to the terms or conditions
cannot occur during any Offer Period), the Company shall deliver to the Buyer a new Offer Notice and the Offer Period of such new Offer
shall expire at the end of the fifth (5 th Trading Day after the Buyer s receipt of such new Offer Notice. 

e. Usury .
To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will
resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter
in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Buyer in order to enforce any right or remedy under this
Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained
in this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, it is expressly agreed and provided that the
total liability of the Company under this Agreement, the Note or any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby for payments
which under applicable law are in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the
 Maximum Rate ), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both
of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under applicable law in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to
pay under this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed
that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law applicable to this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument
contemplated thereby is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum
contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or
instrument contemplated thereby from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under
any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Buyer with respect to indebtedness
evidenced by this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, such excess shall be applied by
the Buyer to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to
be at the Buyer s election. 

f. Restriction
on Activities . Commencing as of the date first above written, and until the earlier of payment of the Note in full or full conversion
of the Note, the Company shall not, directly or indirectly, without the Buyer s prior written consent, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld: (a) change the nature of its business; or (b) sell, divest, acquire, change the structure of any material assets
other than in the ordinary course of business. 

g. Listing. 
The Company will, so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, maintain the listing and trading of its Common Stock on the Principal
Market or any equivalent replacement exchange or electronic quotation system (including but not limited to the Pink Sheets electronic
quotation system) and will comply in all respects with the Company s reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or
rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA and such exchanges, as applicable. The Company shall promptly
provide to the Buyer copies of any notices it receives from the Principal Market and any other exchanges or electronic quotation systems
on which the Common Stock is then traded regarding the continued eligibility of the Common Stock for listing on such exchanges and quotation
systems. 

11 

h. Corporate
Existence. The Company will, so long as the Buyer beneficially owns any of the Securities, maintain its corporate existence and shall
not sell all or substantially all of the Company s assets, except in the event of a merger or consolidation or sale of all or substantially
all of the Company s assets, where the surviving or successor entity in such transaction (i) assumes the Company s obligations
hereunder and under the agreements and instruments entered into in connection herewith and (ii) is a publicly traded corporation whose
Common Stock is listed for trading or quotation on the Principal Market, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market, the New York Stock Exchange
or the NYSE American. 

i. No
Integration. The Company shall not make any offers or sales of any security (other than the Securities) under circumstances that would
require registration of the Securities being offered or sold hereunder under the 1933 Act or cause the offering of the Securities to be
integrated with any other offering of securities by the Company for the purpose of any stockholder approval provision applicable to the
Company or its securities. 

j. Compliance
with 1934 Act; Public Information Failures. For so long as the Buyer beneficially owns the Note, Warrant, Commitment Shares, Conversion
Shares, or any Exercise Shares, the Company shall comply with the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act; and the Company shall continue
to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. During the period beginning on the date of this Agreement continuing so long
as the Buyer beneficially owns the Note, if the Company shall (i) fail for any reason to satisfy the requirements of Rule 144(c)(1), including,
without limitation, the failure to satisfy the current public information requirements under Rule 144(c) or (ii) if the Company has ever
been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) or becomes such an issuer in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition
set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (each, a Public Information Failure then, as partial relief for the damages to the Buyer by
reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Securities (which remedy shall not be exclusive of any other remedies
available pursuant to this Agreement, the Note, or at law or in equity), the Company shall pay to the Buyer an amount in cash equal to
three percent (3 of the Purchase Price on each of the day of a Public Information Failure and on every thirtieth day (pro rated for
periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter until the date such Public Information Failure is cured. The payments to which a holder
shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 4(j) are referred to herein as Public Information Failure Payments. Public Information
Failure Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during which such Public Information Failure Payments
are incurred and (iii) the third business day after the event or failure giving rise to the Public Information Failure Payments is cured.
In the event the Company fails to make Public Information Failure Payments in a timely manner, such Public Information Failure Payments
shall bear interest at the rate of 5 per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full. 

k. Acknowledgement
Regarding Buyer s Trading Activity . Until the Note is fully repaid or fully converted, the Buyer shall not effect any short
sale (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the 1934 Act) of the Common Stock which establishes a net short
position with respect to the Common Stock. 

l. Disclosure
of Transactions and Other Material Information . Within four (4) business days following the date this Agreement has been fully executed,
the Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K (if required) describing the terms of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
in the form required by the 1934 Act and including this Agreement, the form of Note, and the form of Warrant as exhibits thereto. 

m. Legal
Counsel Opinions . Upon the request of the Buyer from to time to time, the Company shall be responsible (at its cost) for promptly
supplying to the Company s transfer agent and the Buyer a customary legal opinion letter of its counsel (the Legal Counsel
Opinion to the effect that the resale of the Commitment Shares, Conversion Shares, and/or Exercise Shares by the Buyer or its
affiliates, successors and assigns is exempt from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act pursuant to Rule 144 (provided the requirements
of Rule 144 are satisfied and provided the Commitment Shares, Conversion Shares, and/or Exercise Shares are not then registered under
the 1933 Act for resale pursuant to an effective registration statement) or other applicable exemption (provided the requirements of such
other applicable exemption are satisfied). In addition, the Buyer may (at the Company s cost) at any time secure its own legal counsel
to issue the Legal Counsel Opinion, and the Company will instruct its transfer agent to accept such opinion. The Company hereby agrees
that it may never take the position that it is a shell company in connection with its obligations under this Agreement or
otherwise. 

12 

n. Piggy-Back
Registration Rights . The Company hereby grants to the Buyer the piggy-back registration rights set forth on Exhibit B hereto. 

o. [Intentionally
Omitted] . 

p. Subsequent
Variable Rate Transactions . From the date hereof until such time as the Note is fully converted or fully repaid, the Company shall
be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction 
means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or
exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or
exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock
at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is
subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified
or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into
any agreement, including, but not limited to, an Equity Line of Credit (as defined in the Note), whereby the Company may issue securities
at a future determined price. The Buyer shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance,
which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages. 

q. Non-Public
Information . The Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other person acting on its behalf will provide the Buyer or
its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material non-public information,
unless prior thereto the Buyer shall have consented to the receipt of such information and agreed with the Company to keep such information
confidential. The Company understands and confirms that the Buyer shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions
in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public information to the Buyer without such
Buyer s consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Buyer shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or affiliates, not to trade on the basis of,
such material, non- public information, provided that the Buyer shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice
provided, information provided, or any other communications made by the Company, to the Buyer, constitutes or contains material non-public
information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice or other material information
with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. In addition to any other remedies provided by this Agreement or the related transaction
documents, if the Company provides any material non-public information to the Buyer without their prior written consent, and it fails
to immediately (no later than that business day) file a Form 8-K disclosing this material non-public information, it shall pay the Buyer
as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty a sum equal to 3,000 per day beginning with the day the information is disclosed
to the Buyer and ending and including the day the Form 8-K disclosing this information is filed. 

r. D O
Insurance . Within 60 calendar days of the Closing, the Company shall purchase director and officer insurance on behalf of the Company's
(including its subsidiary) officers and directors for a period of 18 months after the Closing with respect to any losses, claims, damages,
liabilities, costs and expense in connection with any actual or threatened claim or proceeding that is based on, or arises out of their
status as a director or officer of the Company. The insurance policy shall provide for two years of tail coverage. 

s. No
Broker-Dealer Acknowledgement . Absent a final adjudication from a court of competent jurisdiction stating otherwise, the Company shall
not to any person, institution, governmental or other entity, state, claim, allege, or in any way assert, that Buyer is currently, or
ever has been, a broker-dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

t. Breach
of Covenants. The Company acknowledges and agrees that if the Company breaches any of the covenants set forth in this Section 4, in
addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of Default under Section
3.3 of the Note. 

13 

5. Transfer
Agent Instructions. The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to the Company s transfer agent to issue certificates and/or
issue shares electronically at the Buyer s option, registered in the name of the Buyer or its nominee, upon conversion of the Note
and/or exercise of the Warrant, the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares, and the Commitment Shares, in such amounts as specified from
time to time by the Buyer to the Company in accordance with the terms thereof (the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions ).
In the event that the Company proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Company shall provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement,
a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to this Agreement (including but not
limited to the provision to irrevocably reserved shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount (as defined in the Note)) signed by the
successor transfer agent to the Company and the Company. Prior to registration of the Commitment Shares, Conversion Shares, and/or Exercise
Shares under the 1933 Act or the date on which the Commitment Shares, Conversion Shares, and/or Exercise Shares may be sold pursuant to
Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of Securities as of a particular
date that can then be immediately sold, all such certificates or book entry shares shall bear the restrictive legend specified in Section
2(g) of this Agreement. The Company warrants that: (i) no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred
to in this Section 5 will be given by the Company to its transfer agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable
on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent provided in this Agreement and the Note; (ii) it will not direct its transfer
agent not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically or in certificated
form) any certificate for Securities to be issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note and/or upon exercise
of or otherwise pursuant to the Warrant as and when required by the Note and this Agreement; (iii) it will not fail to remove (or directs
its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw
any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Securities issued to the Buyer, including but not limited
to the Commitment Shares and upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note and/or upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to the
Warrant as and when required by the Note, Warrant, and/or this Agreement and (iv) it will provide any required corporate resolutions and
issuance approvals to its transfer agent within 6 hours of each conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant. Nothing in this
Section shall affect in any way the Buyer s obligations and agreement set forth in Section 2(g) hereof to comply with all applicable
prospectus delivery requirements, if any, upon re-sale of the Securities. If the Buyer provides the Company, at the cost of the Company,
with (i) an opinion of counsel in form, substance and scope customary for opinions in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public
sale or transfer of such Securities may be made without registration under the 1933 Act and such sale or transfer is effected or (ii)
the Buyer provides reasonable assurances that the Securities can be sold pursuant to 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable
exemption, the Company shall permit the transfer, and, in the case of the Securities, promptly instruct its transfer agent to issue one
or more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in such name and in such denominations as specified by the Buyer. The Company acknowledges
that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the
transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this
Section 5 may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section,
that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate
transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. 

6. Conditions
to the Company s Obligation to Sell. The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Note to the Buyer at the
Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions thereto, provided that these
conditions are for the Company s sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion: 

a. The Buyer shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Company. 

b. The Buyer shall have delivered the Purchase
Price in accordance with Section 1(b) above. 

c. The
representations and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the
Closing Date, as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the Buyer
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement
to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date. 

d. No
litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or
endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over
the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

14 

7. Conditions
to The Buyer s Obligation to Purchase. The obligation of the Buyer hereunder to purchase the Note, on the Closing Date, is subject
to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Buyer s
sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any time in its sole discretion: 

a. The Company shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Buyer. 

b. The
Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the duly executed Note in such denominations as the Buyer shall request and in accordance with
Section 1(b) above. 

c. The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the Warrant and Commitment Shares. 

d. The
Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer, shall have been delivered to and acknowledged
in writing by the Company s Transfer Agent. 

e. The
representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of Closing
Date, as though made at such time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the Company shall have
performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to
be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date. 

f. No
litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or
endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over
the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

g. No
event shall have occurred which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but not limited
to a change in the 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its 1934 Act reporting obligations. 

h. Trading
in the Common Stock on the Principal Market shall not have been suspended by the SEC, FINRA or the Principal Market. 

i. The
Company shall have delivered to the Buyer (i) a certificate evidencing the formation and good standing of the Company and each of its
Subsidiaries in such entity s jurisdiction of formation issued by the Secretary of State (or comparable office) of such jurisdiction,
as of a date within ten (10) days of the Closing Date and (ii) resolutions adopted by the Company s Board of Directors at a duly
called meeting or by unanimous written consent authorizing this Agreement and all other documents, instruments and transactions contemplated
hereby. 

8. Governing Law; Miscellaneous. 

a. Governing
Law; Venue . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to
principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be brought only in the state
courts located in Orange County, California or in the federal courts located in Orange County, California. The parties to this Agreement
hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based
on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE,
AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT
OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s
fees and costs. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action
or proceeding in connection with this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby
or thereby by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party
at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service
of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner
permitted by law. 

15 

b. Counterparts. 
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute
one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party.
A facsimile or .pdf signature shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and
effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile or .pdf signature. Delivery of a counterpart signature hereto by facsimile
or email/.pdf transmission shall be deemed validly delivery thereof. 

c. Construction;
Headings. This Agreement shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Buyer and shall not be construed against any
person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect
the interpretation of, this Agreement. 

d. Severability. 
In the event that any provision of this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement or instrument delivered in connection herewith is
invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that
it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove
invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, the Note,
or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby. 

e. Entire
Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement, the Note, and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor
the Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement or
any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the Buyer. 

f. Notices. All notices,
demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless
otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand
delivery, telegram, e-mail or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified
most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed
effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by e-mail or facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting
facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such
notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during
normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by
express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first
occur. The addresses for such communications shall be: 

If to the Company, to: 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

 520 White Plains Road, Suite 500 

 Tarrytown, NY 10591 

 Attention: Sean Folkson 

 e-mail: sean@nightfood.com 

If to the Buyer: 

FOURTH MAN, LLC 

 21520 Yorba Linda Blvd., Suite G PMB 335 

 Yorba Linda, CA 92887 

 e-mail: ed@fourth-man.com 

16 

g. Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns. The Company
shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Buyer. The Buyer may assign
its rights hereunder to any accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act) in a private transaction from
the Buyer or to any of its affiliates, as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Company. 

h. Third
Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and
assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person. 

i. Survival. 
The representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall survive the closing
hereunder notwithstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer. The Company agrees to indemnify and
hold harmless the Buyer and all their officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related to
any breach or alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement or any
of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred. 

j. Publicity. 
The Company, and the Buyer shall have the right to review a reasonable period of time before issuance of any press releases, SEC, Principal
Market or FINRA filings, or any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby; provided , however ,
that the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the Buyer, to make any press release or SEC, Principal Market (or other
applicable trading market) or FINRA filings with respect to such transactions as is required by applicable law and regulations (although
the Buyer shall be consulted by the Company in connection with any such press release prior to its release and shall be provided with
a copy thereof and be given an opportunity to comment thereon). 

k. Further
Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute
and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to
carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

l. No
Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their
mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. 

m. Indemnification .
In consideration of the Buyer s execution and delivery of this Agreement and acquiring the Securities hereunder, and in addition
to all of the Company s other obligations under this Agreement or the Note, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold
harmless the Buyer and its stockholders, partners, members, officers, directors, employees and direct or indirect investors and any of
the foregoing persons agents or other representatives (including, without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement) (collectively, the Indemnitees from and against any and all actions, causes of action,
suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether
any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys 
fees and disbursements (the Indemnified Liabilities ), incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, or arising out of, or relating
to (a) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company in this Agreement, the Note or any other
agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (b) any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation
of the Company contained in this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or
thereby or (c) any cause of action, suit or claim brought or made against such Indemnitee by a third party (including for these purposes
a derivative action brought on behalf of the Company) and arising out of or resulting from (i) the execution, delivery, performance or
enforcement of this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii)
any transaction financed or to be financed in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance of the Securities,
or (iii) the status of the Buyer or holder of the Securities as an investor in the Company pursuant to the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall make
the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities that is permissible under applicable law. 

17 

n. Remedies. 
The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by vitiating the intent
and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations
under this Agreement, the Note, the Warrant, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby
will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Agreement, the Note,
the Warrant, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, that the Buyer shall be entitled,
in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction
or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Agreement, the Note, the Warrant, or any other agreement, certificate,
instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof and thereof, without
the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. 

o. Payment
Set Aside . To the extent that the (i) Company makes a payment or payments to the Buyer hereunder, pursuant to the Note, pursuant to
the Warrant, or pursuant to any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, or (ii) the Buyer
enforces or exercises its rights hereunder, pursuant to the Note, pursuant to the Warrant, or pursuant to any other agreement, certificate,
instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or
any part thereof (including but not limited to the sale of the Securities) are for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to
be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, or disgorged by the Buyer, or (ii) are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise
restored to the Company, a trustee, government entity, receiver or any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation,
any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then (i) to the extent of any such restoration
the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such
payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred and (ii) the Company shall immediately pay to the Buyer a dollar
amount equal to the amount that was for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside,
recovered from, or disgorged by the Buyer, or (ii) required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, government
entity, receiver or any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal
law, common law or equitable cause of action). 

p. Failure
or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Buyer in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies of the Buyer existing hereunder are cumulative to,
and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
Buyer and the Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Name: SEAN FOLKSON 

Title: CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

FOURTH MAN, LLC 

By: 

Name: EDWARD DEESE 

Title: MANAGER 

SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT: 

Principal Amount of Note: 
 65,000.00 
 
 Actual Amount of Purchase Price of Note: 
 55,250.00 

19 

EXHIBIT
A 

FORM OF NOTE 

[attached hereto] 

20 

EXHIBIT B 

PIGGY-BACK
REGISTRATION RIGHTS 

All of the Conversion
Shares, Exercise Shares, and Commitment Shares shall be deemed Registrable Securities subject to the provisions of this
Exhibit B. All capitalized terms used but not defined in this Exhibit B shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Securities
Purchase Agreement to which this Exhibit is attached. 

1. Piggy-Back Registration . 

1.1 Piggy-Back
Rights . If at any time on or after the date of the Closing the Company proposes to file any Registration Statement under the 1933
Act (a Registration Statement with respect to any offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable
or exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for shareholders of the Company for
their account (or by the Company and by shareholders of the Company), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection with
any employee stock option or other benefit plan on Form S-8, (ii) for a dividend reinvestment plan or (iii) in connection with a merger
or acquisition, then the Company shall (x) give written notice of such proposed filing to the holders of Registrable Securities appearing
on the books and records of the Company as such a holder as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before the anticipated
filing date of the Registration Statement, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such Registration
Statement, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, of the offering,
and (y) offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such notice the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Registrable
Securities as such holders may request in writing within three (3) days following receipt of such notice (a Piggy-Back Registration ).
The Company shall cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such registration and shall cause the managing underwriter or underwriters
of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested to be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the
same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities
in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof (with the understanding that the Company shall file the initial prospectus
covering the Buyer s sale of the Registrable Securities at prevailing market prices on the same date that the Registration Statement
is declared effective by the SEC). 

1.2 Withdrawal .
Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holder s request for inclusion of Registrable Securities in any
Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand pursuant to written
contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement.
Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable Securities in connection
with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in Section 1.5 below. 

1.3 The
Company shall notify the holders of Registrable Securities at any time when a prospectus relating to such holder s Registrable Securities
is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, upon discovery that, or upon the happening of any event as a result of which, the prospectus
included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing.
At the request of such holder, the Company shall also prepare, file and furnish to such holder a reasonable number of copies of a supplement
to or an amendment of such prospectus as may be necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of the Registrable Securities,
such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing. The holders of Registrable Securities
shall not to offer or sell any Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement after receipt of such notification until the
receipt of such supplement or amendment. 

21 

1.4 The
Company may request a holder of Registrable Securities to furnish the Company such information with respect to such holder and such
holder s proposed distribution of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement as the Company may from
time to time reasonably request in writing or as shall be required by law or by the SEC in connection therewith, and such holders
shall furnish the Company with such information. 

1.5 All fees
and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with this Exhibit B by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether
or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing
sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses
of the Company s counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the SEC, (B)
with respect to filings required to be made with any trading market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, (C) in
compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without
limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the
Registrable Securities) and (D) with respect to any filing that may be required to be made by any broker through which a holder of
Registrable Securities intends to make sales of Registrable Securities with the FINRA, (ii) printing expenses, (iii) messenger,
telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) 1933 Act liability insurance, if the
Company so desires such insurance, (vi) fees and expenses of all other persons or entities retained by the Company in connection
with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit B and (vii) reasonable fees and disbursements of a single
special counsel for the holders of Registrable Securities (selected by holders of the majority of the Registrable Securities
requesting such registration). In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses incurred in connection
with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses
of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event
shall the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any holder of Registrable Securities. 

1.6 The
Company and its successors and assigns shall indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer, each holder of Registrable Securities, the officers,
directors, members, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person
holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each individual or entity who controls
the Buyer or any such holder of Registrable Securities (within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act)
and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally
equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such controlling individual
or entity (each, an Indemnified Party ), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all
losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively,
 Losses ), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
contained in a Registration Statement, any related prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in
any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any such prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or any
state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Exhibit B,
except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based upon information regarding the Buyer
or such holder of Registrable Securities furnished to the Company by such party for use therein. The Company shall notify the Buyer and
each holder of Registrable Securities promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any proceeding arising from or in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit B of which the Company is aware. 

1.7 If the
indemnification under Section 1.6 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless for
any Losses, then the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is
appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or
omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company and
Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or
alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or
relates to information supplied by, the Company or the Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access
to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a
result of any Losses shall be deemed to include any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in
connection with any proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification
provided for in Section 1.6 was available to such party in accordance with its terms. It is agreed that it would not be just and
equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 1.7 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation
that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the
provisions of this Section 1.7, neither the Buyer nor any holder of Registrable Securities shall be required to contribute, in the
aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net proceeds actually received by such party from the sale of all of
their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement or related prospectus exceeds the amount of any damages that
such party has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged
omission. 

[End of Exhibit B] 

23 

</EX-10.45>

<EX-10.46>
 12
 f10k2023ex10-46_nightfood.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE WITH FOURTH MAN, LLC DATED JUNE 29, 2023

Exhibit 10.46 

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF
THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED
OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,
OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE THE LEGAL COUNSEL OPINION (AS DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT)), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE
FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A OR REGULATION S UNDER SAID
ACT OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN
ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

Principal Amount: 65,000.00 
 Issue Date: June 29, 2023 
 
 Actual Amount of Purchase Price: 55,250.00 

PROMISSORY NOTE 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED ,
 NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. , a Nevada corporation (hereinafter called the Borrower or the Company (Trading
Symbol: NGTF), hereby promises to pay to the order of FOURTH MAN, LLC , a Nevada limited liability company, or registered assigns
(the Holder ), in the form of lawful money of the United States of America, the principal sum of 65,000.00 (the Principal
Amount (subject to adjustment herein), of which 55,250.00 is the actual amount of the purchase price hereof plus an original
issue discount in the amount of 9,750.00 (the OID (subject to adjustment herein) (the Principal Amount and to pay guaranteed interest on the unpaid Principal Amount hereof at the rate of fifteen percent (15 (the Interest Rate per annum through the Maturity Date (for the avoidance of doubt, the first twelve months of interest (equal to 9,750.00) shall be guaranteed
and earned in full as of the Issue Date) until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment
or otherwise, as further provided herein. The maturity date shall be twelve (12) months from the Issue Date (the Maturity Date ),
and is the date upon which the Principal Amount (which includes the OID) and any accrued and unpaid interest and other fees, shall be
due and payable. 

This Note may not be prepaid or repaid in whole or in part
except as otherwise explicitly set forth herein. 

Any Principal
Amount or interest on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of the lesser of (i) sixteen percent (16 per annum and (ii) the maximum amount permitted by law from the due date thereof until the same is paid Default Interest ).
Default Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. 

All payments due
hereunder (to the extent not converted into shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, of the Borrower (the Common Stock in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America. All payments shall be made at such
address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made in accordance with the provisions of this Note. Whenever
any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a business day, the same shall instead be due
on the next succeeding day which is a business day. 

Each capitalized
term used herein, and not otherwise defined, shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated
as of the Issue Date, pursuant to which this Note was originally issued (the Purchase Agreement ). As used in this Note,
the term business day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in the city of
New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed. As used herein, the term Trading Day 
means any day that shares of Common Stock are listed for trading or quotation on the Principal Market (as defined in the Purchase Agreement),
provided, however, that if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on any Principal Market, then any calendar day. 

This Note is free
from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other
similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. 

1 

The following terms shall also apply to this Note: 

ARTICLE I. CONVERSION RIGHTS 

1.1 Conversion Right. 
The Holder shall have the right, on any calendar day, at any time on or following the earlier of the (a) date that is one hundred eighty
(180) calendar days after the Issue Date or (b) the date that an Event of Default (as defined in this Note) under this Note occurs, to
convert all or any portion of the then outstanding and unpaid Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) into fully
paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other
securities of the Borrower into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified, at the Conversion Price (as defined
below) determined as provided herein (a Conversion ); by submitting to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent a
Notice of Conversion (as defined in this Note) by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable means of communication dispatched on the Conversion
Date prior to 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time; provided, however , that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein, the a Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of this Note, pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise, to the extent
that after giving effect to such issuance after conversion as set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, the Holder (together
with the Holder s affiliates (the Affiliates ), and any other Persons (as defined below) acting as a group together
with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in
excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common
Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of this Note with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would
be issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, nonconverted portion of this Note beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates
or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company
subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any
of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1.1, beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith.
In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 1.1, in determining the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s
most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company
or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding.
Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the
number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined
after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Note, by the Holder or its Affiliates
or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation
hereunder. Person and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture,
a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof.
The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Note. The number of Conversion Shares to be issued
upon each conversion of this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined below) by the applicable Conversion
Price then in effect on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice
of Conversion ), delivered to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent by the Holder in accordance with the terms of this
Note; provided that the Notice of Conversion is submitted by facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected
to result in, notice) to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion
date (the Conversion Date ). The term Conversion Amount means, with respect to any conversion of this Note,
the sum of (1) the Principal Amount of this Note to be converted in such conversion plus (2) at the Holder s option, accrued
and unpaid interest, if any, on such Principal Amount at the Interest Rate to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at the Holder s
option, Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2). 

2 

1.2 Conversion Price. 

(a) Calculation
of Conversion Price. The per share conversion price into which Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) under
this Note shall be convertible into shares of Common Stock hereunder (the Conversion Price shall equal 0.033, subject
to adjustment as provided in this Note. If at any time the Conversion Price as determined hereunder for any conversion would be less than
the par value of the Common Stock, then at the sole discretion of the Holder, the Conversion Price hereunder may equal such par value
for such conversion and the Conversion Amount for such conversion may be increased to include Additional Principal, where Additional
Principal means such additional amount to be added to the Conversion Amount to the extent necessary to cause the number of conversion
shares issuable upon such conversion to equal the same number of conversion shares as would have been issued had the Conversion Price
not been adjusted by the Holder to the par value price. Holder shall be entitled to deduct 1,750.00 from the conversion amount in each
Notice of Conversion to cover Holder s fees associated with each Notice of Conversion. All such Conversion Price determinations
are to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, rights offerings, reclassification or similar
transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock. If the Company, at any time while this Note is outstanding:
(i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock
or any Common Stock Equivalents, (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including
by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues, in the event of a
reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Company, then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied
by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) outstanding
immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after
such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence shall become effective immediately after the record date
for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. Common Stock Equivalents means any securities
of the Company or the Company s subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

1.3 Authorized
and Reserved Shares. The Borrower covenants that at all times until the Note is satisfied in full, the Borrower will reserve from
its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of a
number of Conversion Shares equal to the greater of: (a) 5,909,091 shares of Common Stock or (b) the sum of (i) the number of Conversion
Shares issuable upon the full conversion of this Note (assuming no payment of Principal Amount or interest) at the time of such calculation
(taking into consideration any adjustments to the Conversion Price as provided in this Note) multiplied by (ii) three (3) (the
 Reserved Amount ). The Borrower represents that upon issuance, the Conversion Shares will be duly and validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable. The Borrower (i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer agent to issue certificates for
the Conversion Shares or instructions to have the Conversion Shares issued as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof, and (ii) agrees that
its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of executing stock
certificates or cause the Company to electronically issue shares of Common Stock to execute and issue the necessary certificates for the
Conversion Shares or cause the Conversion Shares to be issued as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof in accordance with the terms and
conditions of this Note. 

If, at any time, the
Borrower does not maintain the Reserved Amount, it will be considered an Event of Default (as defined in this Note) under this Note. 

1.4 Method of Conversion. 

(a) [Intentionally
Omitted] . 

(b) Surrender
of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in accordance with
the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid Principal
Amount is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the Principal Amount so converted and the dates of
such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower, so as not to require physical
surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, such records of the Holder shall, prima
facie, be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any portion of this Note
is converted as aforesaid, the Holder may not transfer this Note unless the Holder first physically surrenders this Note to the Borrower,
whereupon the Borrower will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note of like tenor, registered as the Holder
(upon payment by the Holder of any applicable transfer taxes) may request, representing in the aggregate the remaining unpaid Principal
Amount of this Note. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions
of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted Principal Amount of this Note represented
by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. 

3 

(c) Payment
of Taxes . The Borrower shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issue
and delivery of shares of Common Stock or other securities or property on conversion of this Note in a name other than that of the Holder
(or in street name), and the Borrower shall not be required to issue or deliver any such shares or other securities or property unless
and until the person or persons (other than the Holder or the custodian in whose street name such shares are to be held for the Holder s
account) requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Borrower the amount of any such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction
of the Borrower that such tax has been paid. 

(d) Delivery
of Common Stock Upon Conversion . Upon receipt by the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent from the Holder of a facsimile transmission
or e-mail (or other reasonable means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided in
this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates
for the Conversion Shares (or cause the electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof) within
two (2) Trading Days after such receipt (the Deadline (and, solely in the case of conversion of the entire unpaid Principal
Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) under this Note, surrender of this Note). If the Company shall fail for any reason
or for no reason to issue to the Holder on or prior to the Deadline a certificate for the number of Conversion Shares or to which the
Holder is entitled hereunder and register such Conversion Shares on the Company s share register or to credit the Holder s
balance account with DTC (as defined below) for such number of Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder s
conversion of this Note (a Conversion Failure ), then, in addition to all other remedies available to the Holder, (i) the
Company shall pay in cash to the Holder on each day after the Deadline and during such Conversion Failure an amount equal to 2.0 of the
product of (A) the sum of the number of Conversion Shares not issued to the Holder on or prior to the Deadline and to which the Holder
is entitled and (B) the closing sale price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the last possible date which the
Company could have issued such Conversion Shares to the Holder without violating this Section 1.4(d); and (ii) the Holder, upon written
notice to the Company, may void all or any portion of such Notice of Conversion; provided that the voiding of all or any portion of a
Notice of Conversion shall not affect the Company s obligations to make any payments which have accrued prior to the date of such
notice. In addition to the foregoing, if on or prior to the Deadline the Company shall fail to issue and deliver a certificate to the
Holder and register such Conversion Shares on the Company s share register or credit the Holder s balance account with DTC
for the number of Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder s exercise hereunder or pursuant to the Company s
obligation pursuant to clause (ii) below, and if on or after such Trading Day the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise)
shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise that the
Holder anticipated receiving from the Company, then the Company shall, within two (2) Trading Days after the Holder s request and
in the Holder s discretion, either (i) pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holder s total purchase price (including
brokerage commissions and other reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (the
 Buy-In Price ), at which point the Company s obligation to deliver such certificate (and to issue such Conversion Shares)
or credit such Holder s balance account with DTC for such Conversion Shares shall terminate, or (ii) promptly honor its obligation
to deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing such Conversion Shares or credit such Holder s balance account
with DTC and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of (A) such number
of shares of Common Stock, times (B) the closing sales price of the Common Stock on the date of exercise. Nothing shall limit the Holder s
right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without limitation, a decree of specific
performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to timely deliver certificates representing the Conversion
Shares (or to electronically deliver such Conversion Shares) upon the conversion of this Note as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

4 

(e) Obligation
of Borrower to Deliver Common Stock. At the time that the Holder submits the Notice of Conversion to the Borrower or Borrower s
transfer agent, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Conversion Shares issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding
Principal Amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest (including any Default Interest) under this Note shall be reduced to reflect
such conversion, and, unless the Borrower defaults on its obligations under this Article I, all rights with respect to the portion of
this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock or other securities, cash or other
assets, as herein provided, on such conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided herein, the Borrower s
obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for the Conversion Shares (or cause the electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares
as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof) shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder
to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or any
action to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation of the Borrower to the holder of record, or
any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to the
Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in connection
with such conversion. The Conversion Date specified in the Notice of Conversion shall be the Conversion Date so long as the Notice of
Conversion is sent to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time, on such date. 

(f) Delivery
of Conversion Shares by Electronic Transfer . In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Conversion Shares issuable
upon conversion hereof, provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company DTC Fast Automated Securities
Transfer or Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian programs, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions contained in Section
1.1 and in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Conversion
Shares issuable upon conversion hereof to the Holder by crediting the account of Holder s Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit
Withdrawal Agent Commission system. 

1.5 Concerning
the Shares . The Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless (i) such shares are
sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have been furnished
with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be the Legal Counsel Opinion (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)) to the effect that
the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration or (iii) such shares are
sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, or (iv) such shares are transferred
to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares only in accordance
with this Section 1.5 and who is an Accredited Investor (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). Except as otherwise provided in the Purchase
Agreement (and subject to the removal provisions set forth below), until such time as the Conversion Shares have been registered under
the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction
as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, each certificate for the Conversion Shares that
has not been so included in an effective registration statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an effective registration statement
or an exemption that permits removal of the legend, shall bear a legend substantially in the following form, as appropriate: 

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND
SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED
OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,
OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE THE LEGAL COUNSEL OPINION (AS DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT)), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE
FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A, REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT,
OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT
OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

5 

The legend set
forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue to the Holder a certificate for the applicable Conversion Shares without such
legend upon which it is stamped or (as requested by the Holder) issue the applicable Conversion Shares by electronic delivery by crediting
the account of such holder s broker with DTC, if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws: (a) such Conversion
Shares are registered for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to
Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular
date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) the Company or the Holder provides the Legal Counsel Opinion (as contemplated by and in
accordance with Section 4(m) of the Purchase Agreement) to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Conversion Shares may be
made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected.
The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance. The Holder agrees
to sell all Conversion Shares, including those represented by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance with
applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided by
the Holder with respect to the transfer of Conversion Shares pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, Rule 144A,
Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, at the Deadline, notwithstanding that the conditions of Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S,
or other applicable exemption, as applicable, have been met, it will be considered an Event of Default under this Note. 

1.6 Effect of Certain Events. 

(a) Effect
of Merger, Consolidation, Etc . At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Borrower, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower with or into any other Person (as defined
below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall either: (i) be deemed to be an Event of Default pursuant to which the Borrower
shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition to such transaction an amount equal to the Default
Amount (as defined in this Note) or (ii) be treated pursuant to Section 1.6(b) hereof. Person shall mean any individual,
corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization. 

(b) Adjustment
Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc . If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion of all of this
Note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event, as a result
of which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of another class or classes
of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this Note shall thereafter
have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified herein and in lieu
of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or assets which the Holder would
have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such transaction (without
regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect to the
rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions for adjustment
of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as
may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower shall not effectuate
any transaction described in this Section 1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable, at least thirty (30) days prior
written notice (but in any event at least fifteen (15) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special meeting of shareholders
to approve, or if there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization,
reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to convert this Note) and (b)
the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations of this Section 1.6(b).
The above provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges. 

(c) Adjustment
Due to Distribution. If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders
of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend or distribution to the
Borrower s shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary (i.e., a spin-off)) (a
 Distribution ), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note after the date of record
for determining shareholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would have been payable to the
Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been the holder of such shares of Common
Stock on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to such Distribution. 

6 

(d) Purchase
Rights. If, at any time when all or any portion of this Note is issued and outstanding, the Borrower issues any convertible securities
or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property (the Purchase Rights pro rata to the record holders
of any class of Common Stock, then the Holder of this Note will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights,
the aggregate Purchase Rights which such Holder could have acquired if such Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on conversion contained herein) immediately before the date on
which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the
record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights. 

(e) Dilutive
Issuance . If the Borrower, at any time while this Note or any amounts due hereunder are outstanding, issues, sells or grants (or has
issued, sold or granted as of the Issue Date, as the case may be) any option to purchase, or sells or grants any right to reprice, or
otherwise disposes of, or issues (or has sold or issued, as the case may be, or announces any sale, grant or any option to purchase or
other disposition), any Common Stock or other securities convertible into, exercisable for, or otherwise entitle any person or entity
the right to acquire, shares of Common Stock (including, without limitation, upon conversion of this Note, and any convertible notes or
warrants outstanding as of or following the Issue Date), in each or any case at an effective price per share that is lower than the then
Conversion Price (such lower price, the Base Conversion Price and such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive Issuance (it being agreed that if the holder of the Common Stock or other securities so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase
price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights
per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share
that is lower than the Conversion Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Conversion Price on such date
of the Dilutive Issuance), then the Conversion Price shall be reduced, at the option of the Holder, to a price equal to the Base Conversion
Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or other securities are issued. By way of example, and for the avoidance
of doubt, if the Company issues a convertible promissory note (including but not limited to a Variable Rate Transaction (as defined in
the Purchase Agreement)), and the holder of such convertible promissory note has the right to convert it into Common Stock at an effective
price per share that is lower than the then Conversion Price (including but not limited to a conversion price with a discount that varies
with the trading prices of or quotations for the Common Stock), then the Holder has the right to reduce the Conversion Price to such Base
Conversion Price (including but not limited to a conversion price with a discount that varies with the trading prices of or quotations
for the Common Stock) in perpetuity regardless of whether the holder of such convertible promissory note ever effectuated a conversion
at the Base Conversion Price. In the event of an issuance of securities involving multiple tranches or closings, any adjustment pursuant
to this Section 1.6(e) shall be calculated as if all such securities were issued at the initial closing. 

(f) Notice
of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events described
in Section 1.6 of this Note, the Borrower shall, at its expense and within one (1) calendar day after the occurrence of each respective
adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price, compute such adjustment or readjustment and prepare and furnish to the Holder a certificate
setting forth (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such time based upon the Dilutive Issuance, (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock
and the amount, if any, of other securities or property which at the time would be received upon conversion of the Note, (iii) the detailed
facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based, and (iv) copies of the documentation (including but not limited to relevant
transaction documents) that evidences the adjustment or readjustment. In addition, the Borrower shall, within one (1) calendar day after
each written request from the Holder, furnish to such Holder a like certificate setting forth (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such
time based upon the Dilutive Issuance, (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities or property
which at the time would be received upon conversion of the Note, (iii) the detailed facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is
based, and (iv) copies of the documentation (including but not limited to relevant transaction documents) that evidences the adjustment
or readjustment. For the avoidance of doubt, each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events described
in Section 1.6 of this Note shall occur without any action by the Holder and regardless of whether the Borrower complied with the notification
provisions in Section 1.6 of this Note. 

7 

1.7 [Intentionally
Omitted] . 

1.8 Status
as Shareholder. Upon submission of a Notice of Conversion by a Holder, (i) the Conversion Shares covered thereby (other than the Conversion
Shares, if any, which cannot be issued because their issuance would exceed such Holder s allocated portion of the Reserved Amount
or Maximum Share Amount) shall be deemed converted into shares of Common Stock and (ii) the Holder s rights as a Holder of such
converted portion of this Note shall cease and terminate, excepting only the right to receive certificates for such shares of Common Stock
and to any remedies provided herein or otherwise available at law or in equity to such Holder because of a failure by the Borrower to
comply with the terms of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Holder has not received certificates for all shares of Common
Stock prior to the tenth (10th) business day after the expiration of the Deadline with respect to a conversion of any portion of this
Note for any reason, then (unless the Holder otherwise elects to retain its status as a holder of Common Stock by so notifying the Borrower)
the Holder shall regain the rights of a Holder of this Note with respect to such unconverted portions of this Note and the Borrower shall,
as soon as practicable, return such unconverted Note to the Holder or, if the Note has not been surrendered, adjust its records to reflect
that such portion of this Note has not been converted. In all cases, the Holder shall retain all of its rights and remedies for the Borrower s
failure to convert this Note. 

1.9 Prepayment. 
At any time prior to the date that an Event of Default occurs under this Note, the Borrower shall have the right, exercisable on seven
(7) Trading Days prior written notice to the Holder of the Note, to prepay the outstanding Principal Amount and interest then due under
this Note in accordance with this Section 1.9. Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an Optional Prepayment Notice shall
be delivered to the Holder of the Note at its registered addresses and shall state: (1) that the Borrower is exercising its right to prepay
the Note, and (2) the date of prepayment which shall be seven (7) Trading Days from the date of the Optional Prepayment Notice (the Optional
Prepayment Date ). If this Note is convertible into Common Stock as of the date of Holder s receipt of the Optional Prepayment
Notice pursuant to Section 1.1 of this Note, the Holder shall have the right, during the period beginning on the date of Holder s
receipt of the Optional Prepayment Notice and until the Holder s actual receipt of the full prepayment amount on the Optional Prepayment
Date, to instead convert all or any portion of the Note pursuant to the terms of this Note, including the amount of this Note to be prepaid
by the Borrower in accordance with this Section 1.9. On the Optional Prepayment Date, the Borrower shall make payment of the amounts designated
below to or upon the order of the Holder as specified by the Holder in writing to the Borrower. If the Borrower exercises its right to
prepay the Note in accordance with this Section 1.9, the Borrower shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum
of: (w) 110 multiplied by the Principal Amount then outstanding plus (x) 110 multiplied by the accrued and unpaid interest on
the Principal Amount to the Optional Prepayment Date plus (y) 750.00 to reimburse Holder for administrative fees. 

If the Borrower delivers an Optional
Prepayment Notice and fails to pay the applicable prepayment amount due to the Holder of the Note as provided in this Section 1.9, then
the Borrower shall forever forfeit its right to prepay any part of the Note pursuant to this Section 1.9. 

1.10 Repayment
from Proceeds . If, at any time prior to the full repayment or full conversion of all amounts owed under this Note, the Company receives
cash proceeds from any source or series of related or unrelated sources, including but not limited to, from payments from customers, the
issuance of equity or debt, the conversion of outstanding warrants of the Borrower, the issuance of securities pursuant to an Equity Line
of Credit (as defined in this Note) of the Borrower or the sale of assets, the Borrower shall, within one (1) business day of Borrower s
receipt of such proceeds, inform the Holder of or publicly disclose such receipt, following which the Holder shall have the right in its
sole discretion to require the Borrower to immediately apply up to 35 of such proceeds to repay all or any portion of the outstanding
Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) then due under this Note. Failure of the Borrower to comply with this provision
shall constitute an Event of Default. Equity Line of Credit shall mean any transaction involving a written agreement between
the Company and an investor or underwriter whereby the Company has the right to put its Common Stock to the investor or
underwriter over an agreed period of time and at an agreed price or price formula (such Common Stock must be registered pursuant to a
registration statement of the Company for the investor s or underwriter s resale). Any repayment from proceeds prior to the
date that an Event of Default occurs under this Note, pursuant to this Section 1.10 of the Note, shall also include the prepayment premium
(110 provided for in Section 1.9 of this Note. 

8 

ARTICLE II. RANKING AND CERTAIN
COVENANTS 

2.1 Ranking
and Security . This Note shall have priority over all unsecured indebtedness of the Borrower incurred on or after the Issue Date and
shall rank pari passu with all unsecured indebtedness of the Borrower incurred prior to the Issue Date. 

2.2 Other
Indebtedness . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not (directly or indirectly through
any Subsidiary or affiliate) incur or suffer to exist or guarantee any unsecured indebtedness that is senior to or pari passu with (in
priority of payment and performance) the Borrower s obligations hereunder, except with respect to unsecured indebtedness issued
prior to the Issue Date which shall rank pari passu with this Note as provide in Section 2.1 of this Note. 

2.3 Distributions
on Capital Stock. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the Holder s
written consent (a) pay, declare or set apart for such payment, any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, property or other
securities) on shares of capital stock other than dividends on shares of Common Stock solely in the form of additional shares of Common
Stock or (b) directly or indirectly or through any subsidiary make any other payment or distribution in respect of its capital stock except
for distributions pursuant to any shareholders rights plan which is approved by a majority of the Borrower s disinterested
directors. 

2.4 Restriction
on Stock Repurchases and Debt Repayments. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not
without the Holder s written consent redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire (whether for cash or in exchange for property or other
securities or otherwise) in any one transaction or series of related transactions any shares of capital stock of the Borrower or any warrants,
rights or options to purchase or acquire any such shares, or repay any pari passu or subordinated indebtedness of Borrower. 

2.5 Sale
of Assets. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s written
consent, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets outside the ordinary course of business. Any consent
by the Holder to the disposition of any assets may be conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds of disposition. 

2.6 Advances
and Loans; Affiliate Transactions. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without
the Holder s written consent, lend money, give credit, make advances to or enter into any transaction with any person, firm, joint
venture or corporation, including, without limitation, officers, directors, employees, subsidiaries and affiliates of the Borrower, except
loans, credits or advances (a) in existence or committed on the Issue Date and which the Borrower has informed Holder in writing prior
to the Issue Date, (b) in regard to transactions with unaffiliated third parties, made in the ordinary course of business or (c) in regard
to transactions with unaffiliated third parties, not in excess of 100,000. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this
Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s written consent, repay any affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower
in connection with any indebtedness or accrued amounts owed to any such party. 

2.7 Section
3(a)(9) or 3(a)(10) Transaction . So long as this Note is outstanding, the Borrower shall not enter into any transaction or arrangement
structured in accordance with, based upon, or related or pursuant to, in whole or in part, either Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act
(a 3(a)(9) Transaction or Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act (a 3(a)(10) Transaction ). In the event that
the Borrower does enter into, or makes any issuance of Common Stock related to a 3(a)(9) Transaction or a 3(a)(10) Transaction while this
note is outstanding, a liquidated damages charge of 25 of the outstanding principal balance of this Note, but not less than 25,000,
will be assessed and will become immediately due and payable to the Holder at its election in the form of a cash payment or added to the
balance of this Note (under Holder's and Borrower's expectation that this amount will tack back to the Issue Date). 

2.8 Preservation of Business
and Existence, etc . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s
written consent, (a) change the nature of its business; (b) sell, divest, change the structure of any material assets other than in the
ordinary course of business; (c) enter into a Variable Rate Transaction; or (d) enter into any merchant cash advance transactions. In
addition, so long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall maintain and preserve, and cause each
of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its existence, rights and privileges, and become or remain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries
(other than dormant Subsidiaries that have no or minimum assets) to become or remain, duly qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction
in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary. 

9 

2.9 Noncircumvention .
The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate or Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws,
or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities,
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, and will at all
times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. 

2.10 Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Note . Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction
or mutilation of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company
in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute and deliver
to the Holder a new Note. 

ARTICLE III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

It shall be considered an event of default
if any of the following events listed in this Article III (each, an Event of Default shall occur: 

3.1 Failure
to Pay Principal or Interest. The Borrower fails to pay the Principal Amount hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note, whether
at maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, or fails to fully comply with Section 1.10 of this Note. 

3.2 Conversion
and the Shares. The Borrower (i) fails to issue Conversion Shares to the Holder (or announces or threatens in writing that it will
not honor its obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of
this Note, (ii) fails to transfer or cause its transfer agent to transfer (issue) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate
for the Conversion Shares issuable to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note,
(iii) fails to reserve the Reserved Amount at all times, (iv) the Borrower directs its transfer agent not to transfer or delays, impairs,
and/or hinders its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for the Conversion
Shares issuable to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, or fails to remove
(or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend
(or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Conversion Shares issued to the Holder upon
conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note (or makes any written announcement, statement or threat
that it does not intend to honor the obligations described in this paragraph) and any such failure shall continue uncured (or any written
announcement, statement or threat not to honor its obligations shall not be rescinded in writing) for two (2) Trading Days after the Holder
shall have delivered a Notice of Conversion, and/or (v) fails to remain current in its obligations to its transfer agent (including but
not limited to payment obligations to its transfer agent). It shall be an Event of Default of this Note, if a conversion of this Note
is delayed, hindered or frustrated due to a balance owed by the Borrower to its transfer agent. If at the option of the Holder, the Holder
advances any funds to the Borrower s transfer agent in order to process a conversion, such advanced funds shall be added to the
principal balance of the Note. 

3.3 Breach
of Agreements and Covenants. The Borrower breaches any covenant, agreement, or other term or condition contained in the Purchase Agreement,
this Note, Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, Warrant (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Warrant ), or in
any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith or therewith. 

3.4 Breach
of Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made in the Purchase Agreement, this Note, Irrevocable
Transfer Agent Instructions, Warrant, or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection
herewith or therewith shall be false or misleading in any material respect when made. 

3.5 Receiver
or Trustee. The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply for or
consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such a receiver or
trustee shall otherwise be appointed. 

3.6 Judgments. 
Any money judgment, writ or similar process shall be entered or filed against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower or any of
its property or other assets for more than 100,000, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty (20) days
unless otherwise consented to by the Holder, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. 

10 

3.7 Bankruptcy. 
Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief under any
bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower. 

3.8 Failure
to Comply with the 1934 Act. At any time after the Issue Date, the Borrower shall fail to comply with the reporting requirements of
the 1934 Act and/or the Borrower shall cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. 

3.9 Liquidation. 
Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business. 

3.10 Cessation
of Operations. Any cessation of operations by Borrower or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts as such
debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrower s ability to continue as a going concern 
shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due. 

3.11 Maintenance
of Assets. The failure by Borrower to maintain any material intellectual property rights, personal, real property or other assets
which are necessary to conduct its business (whether now or in the future). 

3.12 Financial
Statement Restatement. The restatement of any financial statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC for any date or period from
two years prior to the Issue Date of this Note and until this Note is no longer outstanding. 

3.13 Replacement
of Transfer Agent. In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide, prior to
the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount)
signed by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower. 

3.14 Cross-Default .
The declaration of an event of default by any lender or other extender of credit to the Company under any notes, loans, agreements or
other instruments of the Company evidencing any indebtedness of the Company (including those filed as exhibits to or described in the
Company s filings with the SEC), after the passage of all applicable notice and cure or grace periods. 

3.15 Variable
Rate Transactions . The Borrower consummates a Variable Rate Transaction at any time on or after the Issue Date. 

3.16 Inside
Information . Any attempt by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates to transmit, convey, disclose, or any actual
transmittal, conveyance, or disclosure by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates of, material non-public information
concerning the Borrower, to the Holder or its successors and assigns, which is not immediately cured by Borrower s filing of a Form
8-K pursuant to Regulation FD on that same date. 

3.17 Unavailability
of Rule 144 . If, at any time on or after the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date, the Holder is unable to (i)
obtain a standard 144 legal opinion letter from an attorney reasonably acceptable to the Holder, the Holder s brokerage
firm (and respective clearing firm), and the Borrower s transfer agent in order to facilitate the Holder s conversion of any
portion of the Note into free trading shares of the Borrower s Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144, and/or (ii) thereupon deposit
such shares into the Holder s brokerage account. 

3.18 Delisting,
Suspension, or Quotation of Trading of Common Stock . If, at any time on or after the Issue Date, the Borrower s Common Stock
(i) is suspended from trading, (ii) halted from trading, and/or (iii) fails to be quoted or listed (as applicable) on a Principal Market. 

11 

3.19 Market Capitalization . The
Borrower fails to maintain a market capitalization of at least 1,000,000 on any Trading Day, which shall be calculated by multiplying
(i) the closing price of the Borrower s Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the respective date of calculation
by (ii) the total shares of the Borrower s Common Stock issued and outstanding on the Trading Day immediately preceding the respective
date of calculation. 

3.20 Rights
and Remedies Upon an Event of Default . Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default specified in this Article III, this Note shall
become immediately due and payable, and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount
equal to the Principal Amount then outstanding plus accrued interest (including any Default Interest) through the date of full repayment
multiplied by 150 (collectively the Default Amount ), as well as all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees and
expenses, of collection, all without demand, presentment or notice, all of which hereby are expressly waived by the Borrower. Holder may,
in Holder s sole discretion, convert all or any portion of this Note (including the Default Amount) into Common Stock pursuant to
the terms of this Note. The Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity. 

ARTICLE IV. MISCELLANEOUS 

4.1 Failure
or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies of the Holder existing hereunder are cumulative to,
and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. 

4.2 Notices. 
All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and,
unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery,
telegram, e-mail or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently
by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand
delivery or delivery by e-mail or facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address
or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first
business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be
received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such
address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be: 

If to the Borrower, to: 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

 520 White Plains Road, Suite 500 

 Tarrytown, NY 10591 

 Attention: Sean Folkson 

 e-mail: sean@nightfood.com 

If to the Holder: 

FOURTH MAN, LLC 

 21520 Yorba Linda Blvd., Suite G PMB 335 

 Yorba Linda, CA 92887 

 e-mail: ed@fourth-man.com 

4.3 Amendments. 
This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder. The term Note 
and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument as originally executed, or if later amended
or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented. 

12 

4.4 Assignability. 
This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its successors
and assigns. The Borrower shall not assign this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Holder.
The Holder may assign its rights hereunder to any accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act) in a private
transaction from the Holder or to any of its affiliates , as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent
of the Borrower. Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note may be pledged as collateral in connection with a bona
fide margin account or other lending arrangement. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that
following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note represented by this Note may
be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. 

4.5 Cost
of Collection. If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection, including
reasonable attorneys fees. 

4.6 Governing
Law; Venue; Attorney s Fees. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada
without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated
by this Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be brought only in the state courts
located in Orange County, California or federal courts located in Orange County, California. The Borrower hereby irrevocably waives any
objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction
or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . THE BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO
REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby
or thereby by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party
at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of
process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner
permitted by law. The prevailing party in any action or dispute brought in connection with this the Note or any other agreement, certificate,
instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s
fees and costs. 

4.7 Certain
Amounts. Whenever pursuant to this Note the Borrower is required to pay an amount in excess of the outstanding Principal Amount (or
the portion thereof required to be paid at that time) plus accrued and unpaid interest plus Default Interest on such interest, the Borrower
and the Holder agree that the actual damages to the Holder from the receipt of cash payment on this Note may be difficult to determine
and the amount to be so paid by the Borrower represents stipulated damages and not a penalty and is intended to compensate the Holder
in part for loss of the opportunity to convert this Note and to earn a return from the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired upon conversion
of this Note at a price in excess of the price paid for such shares pursuant to this Note. The Borrower and the Holder hereby agree that
such amount of stipulated damages is not plainly disproportionate to the possible loss to the Holder from the receipt of a cash payment
without the opportunity to convert this Note into shares of Common Stock. 

4.8 Purchase
Agreement. The Company and the Holder shall be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement and the documents entered into
in connection herewith and therewith. 

4.9 Notice
of Corporate Events. Except as otherwise provided below, the Holder of this Note shall have no rights as a Holder of Common Stock
unless and only to the extent that it converts this Note into Common Stock. The Borrower shall provide the Holder with prior notification
of any meeting of the Borrower s shareholders (and copies of proxy materials and other information sent to shareholders). In the
event of any taking by the Borrower of a record of its shareholders for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to receive
payment of any dividend or other distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire (including by way of merger,
consolidation, reclassification or recapitalization) any share of any class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other
right, or for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to vote in connection with any change in control or any proposed
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Borrower, the Borrower shall mail a notice to the Holder, at least twenty (20) days prior
to the record date specified therein (or thirty (30) days prior to the consummation of the transaction or event, whichever is earlier),
of the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, right or other event, and a brief
statement regarding the amount and character of such dividend, distribution, right or other event to the extent known at such time. The
Borrower shall make a public announcement of any event requiring notification to the Holder hereunder substantially simultaneously with
the notification to the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Section 4.9. 

13 

4.10 Remedies. 
The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by vitiating the
intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach
of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Borrower of the
provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition
to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Note and to enforce
specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being
required. 

4.11 Construction;
Headings . This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and all the Holder and shall not be construed against any
person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation
of, this Note. 

4.12 Usury .
To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will
resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter
in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Holder in order to enforce any right or remedy under
this Note. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Note, it is expressly agreed and provided that the total liability
of the Company under this Note for payments which under the applicable law are in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum
lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate ), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any
rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under the applicable law in the nature
of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under this Note exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum contract
rate of interest allowed by applicable law and applicable to this Note is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental
action subsequent to the Issue Date, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to this
Note from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under any circumstances whatsoever,
interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Holder with respect to indebtedness evidenced by this the Note, such
excess shall be applied by the Holder to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner
of handling such excess to be at the Holder s election. 

4.13 Severability. 
In the event that any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law (including any judicial
ruling), then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to
conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Note. 

4.14 Additional
Exchange Rights . In addition to all other rights provided to the Holder under this Agreement, the Holder shall have an unlimited number
of exchange rights, which are options in Holder s sole discretion and not obligations, to exchange all or a portion of Holder s
Note into a Subsequent Placement (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (each a Subsequent Placement ). At the time of each
Subsequent Placement, the Holder would have the option of either (a) retaining all or a portion of the Note or one of the Subsequent Placements
into which the Holder previously exchanged into, or (b) exchanging all or a portion of the Note or such Subsequent Placement into which
the Holder previously exchanged into, into the next Subsequent Placement. 

4.15 Dispute
Resolution . In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount or
Default Amount, Issue, Closing or Maturity Date, the closing bid price, or fair market value (as the case may be) or the arithmetic calculation
of the Conversion Price or the applicable prepayment amount(s) (as the case may be), the Borrower or the Holder shall submit the disputed
determinations or arithmetic calculations via facsimile (i) within one (1) Trading Day after receipt of the applicable notice giving rise
to such dispute to the Borrower or the Holder or (ii) if no notice gave rise to such dispute, at any time after the Holder learned of
the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Borrower are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation
within one (1) Trading Day of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation (as the case may be) being submitted to the Borrower
or the Holder, then the Borrower shall, within one (1) Trading Day, submit (a) the disputed determination of the Conversion Price, the
closing bid price, the or fair market value (as the case may be) to an independent, reputable investment bank selected by the Borrower
and approved by the Holder or (b) the disputed arithmetic calculation of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount
or Default Amount, to an independent, outside accountant selected by the Holder that is reasonably acceptable to the Borrower. The Borrower
shall cause at its expense the investment bank or the accountant to perform the determinations or calculations and notify the Borrower
and the Holder of the results no later than one (1) Trading Day from the time it receives such disputed determinations or calculations.
Such investment bank s or accountant s determination or calculation shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable
error. 

[signature page follows] 

14 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , Borrower
has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer on June 29, 2023. 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Name: Sean Folkson 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

15 

EXHIBIT A -- NOTICE OF CONVERSION 

The undersigned
hereby elects to convert _____________principal amount of the Note (defined below) into that number of shares of Common Stock to be issued
pursuant to the conversion of the Note Common Stock as set forth below, of NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. , a Nevada corporation
(the Borrower ), according to the conditions of the promissory note of the Borrower dated as of June 29, 2023 (the Note ),
as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion, except for transfer taxes, if any. 

Box Checked as to applicable instructions: 

The Borrower shall electronically
transmit the Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned or its nominee with DTC through
its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system DWAC Transfer ). 

Name of DTC Prime Broker: 

Account Number: 

The undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a certificate
or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock set forth below (which numbers are based on the Holder s calculation attached
hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional space is necessary, on an attachment hereto: 

Date of Conversion: 

Applicable Conversion Price: 

Number of Shares of Common Stock to be Issued Pursuant to Conversion of the Note: 

Amount of Principal Balance Due remaining Under the Note after this conversion: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

</EX-10.46>

<EX-10.47>
 13
 f10k2023ex10-47_nightfood.htm
 COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT ISSUED TO FOURTH MAN, LLC DATED JUNE 29, 2023

Exhibit 10.47 

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES
AS TO WHICH THIS SECURITY MAY BE EXERCISED HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION
OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT. THIS SECURITY AND THE
SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED
BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

 NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS,
INC. 

Warrant Shares: 600,000 

 Date of Issuance: June 29, 2023 Issuance
Date 

This COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant certifies that, for value received (in connection with the issuance of the promissory note in the principal amount of 65,000.00 to the
Holder (as defined below) of even date) (the Note ), Fourth Man, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company (including any permitted
and registered assigns, the Holder ), is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the
conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date of issuance hereof, to purchase from NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada
corporation (the Company ), 600,000 shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares (whereby such
number may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Warrant) at the Exercise Price per share then in
effect. This Warrant is issued by the Company as of the date hereof in connection with that certain securities purchase agreement dated
June 29, 2023, by and among the Company and the Holder (the Purchase Agreement ). 

Capitalized
terms used in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless otherwise defined in the body of this Warrant
or in Section 12 below. For purposes of this Warrant, the term Exercise Price shall mean 0.10, subject to adjustment as
provided herein (including but not limited to cashless exercise), and the term Exercise Period shall mean the period commencing
on the Issuance Date and ending on 5:00 p.m. eastern standard time on the five-year anniversary thereof. 

1. EXERCISE OF WARRANT . 

(a) Mechanics
of Exercise . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised in whole or in part
at any time or times during the Exercise Period by delivery of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the
 Exercise Notice ), of the Holder s election to exercise this Warrant. The Holder shall not be required to deliver
the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of
the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable
hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. On or before the second Trading Day (the Warrant
Share Delivery Date following the date on which the Holder sent the Exercise Notice to the Company or the Company s
transfer agent, and upon receipt by the Company of payment to the Company of an amount equal to the applicable Exercise Price multiplied
by the number of Warrant Shares as to which all or a portion of this Warrant is being exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price 
and together with the Exercise Notice, the Exercise Delivery Documents in cash or by wire transfer of immediately
available funds (or by cashless exercise, in which case there shall be no Aggregate Exercise Price provided), the Company shall (or direct
its transfer agent to) issue and deliver by overnight courier to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice, a certificate, registered
in the Company s share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the
Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise (or deliver such shares of Common Stock in electronic format if requested by the Holder).
Upon delivery of the Exercise Delivery Documents, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record
of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the certificates
evidencing such Warrant Shares. If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise and the number of Warrant Shares represented
by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired upon an exercise, then the Company
shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three business days after any exercise and at its own expense, issue a new Warrant
(in accordance with Section 6) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares purchasable immediately prior to such exercise
under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. 

If the Company
fails to cause its transfer agent to issue to the Holder the respective shares of Common Stock by the respective Warrant Share Delivery
Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise in Holder s sole discretion in addition to all other rights and
remedies at law, under this Warrant, or otherwise, and such failure shall also be deemed an event of default under the Note, a material
breach under this Warrant, and a material breach under the Purchase Agreement. 

If the Market
Price of one share of Common Stock is greater than the Exercise Price, then the Holder may elect to receive Warrant Shares pursuant to
a cashless exercise, in lieu of a cash exercise, equal to the value of this Warrant determined in the manner described below (or of any
portion thereof remaining unexercised) by surrender of this Warrant and an Exercise Notice, in which event the Company shall issue to
Holder a number of Common Stock computed using the following formula: 

X = Y (A-B) 

 A 

Where X = 
 the number of Shares to be issued to Holder. 

Y = 
 the number of Warrant Shares that the Holder elects to purchase under this Warrant (at the date of such
calculation). 

A = 
 the Market
Price (at the date of such calculation). 

B = 
 Exercise Price
(as adjusted to the date of such calculation). 

(b) No
Fractional Shares . No fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant as a consequence of any adjustment pursuant
hereto. All Warrant Shares (including fractions) issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may be aggregated for purposes of determining
whether the exercise would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after aggregation, the exercise would result in the issuance
of a fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuance of any fractional share, pay the Holder otherwise entitled to such fraction
a sum in cash equal to the product resulting from multiplying the then-current fair market value of a Warrant Share by such fraction. 

(c) Holder s
Exercise Limitations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not effect any exercise of this
Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise, to the extent
that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Exercise Notice, the Holder (together with the
Holder s affiliates (the Affiliates ), and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the
Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the
Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect
to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise
of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties
and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without
limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained
herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence,
for purposes of this Section 1(c), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules
required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined
in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section
1(c), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B)
a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Company s transfer agent
setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within
two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company,
including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock
outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor
holder of this Warrant. 

(d) Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise . In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Company s transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of this Warrant (including but not limited to Section 1(a) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the respective Warrant Share Delivery
Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holder s
brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which
the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In ), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder, within
one (1) business day of Holder s request, the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holder s total purchase price (including brokerage
commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the
Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving
rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent
number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to
the Holder within one (1) business day of Holder s request the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had
the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases, or effectuates
a cashless exercise hereunder for, Common Stock having a total purchase price of 11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted
exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of 10,000, under clause (A) of
the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be required to pay the Holder 1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written
notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount
of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity
including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to
timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

2. ADJUSTMENTS .
The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted from time to time as follows: 

(a) Distribution
of Assets . If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets)
to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including without limitation any distribution of cash,
stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement or other similar
transaction) (a Distribution ), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case: 

(i) any
Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares
of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution shall be reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record date, to a
price determined by multiplying such Exercise Price by a fraction (i) the numerator of which shall be the Closing Sale Price of the shares
of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution (as determined in good faith
by the Company s Board of Directors) applicable to one share of Common Stock, and (ii) the denominator of which shall be the Closing
Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date; and 

(ii) the
number of Warrant Shares shall be increased to a number of shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable immediately
prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive
the Distribution multiplied by the reciprocal of the fraction set forth in the immediately preceding clause (i); provided, however, that
in the event that the Distribution is of shares of common stock of a company (other than the Company) whose common stock is traded on
a national securities exchange or a national automated quotation system Other Shares of Common Stock ), then the
Holder may elect to receive a warrant to purchase Other Shares of Common Stock in lieu of an increase in the number of Warrant Shares,
the terms of which shall be identical to those of this Warrant, except that such warrant shall be exercisable into the number of shares
of Other Shares of Common Stock that would have been payable to the Holder pursuant to the Distribution had the Holder exercised this
Warrant immediately prior to such record date and with an aggregate exercise price equal to the product of the amount by which the exercise
price of this Warrant was decreased with respect to the Distribution pursuant to the terms of the immediately preceding clause (i) and
the number of Warrant Shares calculated in accordance with the first part of this clause (ii). 

(b) Anti-Dilution
Adjustments to Exercise Price . If the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding,
shall sell or grant any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer,
sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Stock or securities (including but not limited to Common Stock
Equivalents) entitling any person or entity (for purposes of clarification, including but not limited to the Holder pursuant to (i) any
other security of the Company currently held by Holder, (ii) any other security of the Company issued to Holder on or after the Issuance
Date (including but not limited to the Note), or (iii) any other agreement entered into between the Company and Holder) to acquire shares
of Common Stock (upon conversion, exercise or otherwise), at an effective price per share less than the then Exercise Price (such lower
price, the Base Share Price and such issuances collectively, a Dilutive Issuance (if the holder of the Common
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, elimination of an applicable
floor price for any reason in the future (including but not limited to the passage of time or satisfaction of certain condition(s)), reset
provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued
in connection with such issuance, be entitled or potentially entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share
which is less than the Exercise Price at any time while such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are in existence, such issuance
shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance (regardless of whether the Common
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii)
actually converted or exercised at such Base Share Price), then the Exercise Price shall be reduced at the option of the Holder and only
reduced to equal the Base Share Price (the Exercise Price Adjustment ), and the number of Warrant Shares issuable hereunder
shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder, after taking into account the decrease in the Exercise Price,
shall be equal to the aggregate Exercise Price prior to such adjustment (the Warrant Share Adjustment (for the avoidance
of doubt, the aggregate Exercise Price prior to such adjustment is calculated as follows: the total number of Warrant Shares issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant immediately prior to such adjustment (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) multiplied
by the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment). By way of example, if E is the total number of Warrant Shares issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant immediately prior to such adjustment (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation), F is the Exercise
Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment, and G is the Base Share Price, the adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares can
be expressed in the following formula: Total number of Warrant Shares after such Dilutive Issuance = the number obtained from dividing
[E x F] by G. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued, regardless of whether the
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance
or (ii) actually converted or exercised at such Base Share Price by the holder thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, the Holder may utilize
the Base Share Price even if the Company did not actually issue shares of its common stock at the Base Share Price under the respective
Common stock Equivalents). The Company shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance of any
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 2(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable
reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice the Dilutive Issuance Notice ). For purposes
of clarification, regardless of whether (i) the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 2(b) upon the occurrence
of any Dilutive Issuance or (ii) the Holder accurately refers to the number of Warrant Shares or Base Share Price in the Exercise Notice,
the Holder is entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares based upon the Base Share Price as well as the Base Share Price at all times
on and after the date of such Dilutive Issuance. If a Dilutive Issuance occurs after the date that the Note is extinguished in the entirety,
then such Dilutive Issuance shall only result in the Exercise Price Adjustment and not the Warrant Share Adjustment (for the avoidance
of doubt, the Exercise Price Adjustment and Warrant Share Adjustment shall apply to every Dilutive Issuance that occurs on or prior to
the date that the Note is extinguished in the entirety). 

(c) Subdivision
or Combination of Common Stock . If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend,
recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Exercise
Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately
increased. If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or
more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such combination will be proportionately increased and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment
under this Section 2(c) shall become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective.
Each such adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be calculated to the nearest one-hundredth of a cent. Such adjustment shall be made successively
whenever any event covered by this Section 2(c) shall occur. 

3. FUNDAMENTAL
TRANSACTIONS . If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company effects any merger of the Company with or into another
entity and the Company is not the surviving entity (such surviving entity, the Successor Entity ), (ii) the Company
effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or by another individual or entity, and approved by the Company) is completed pursuant to which holders
of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their shares of Common Stock for other securities, cash or property and the holders
of at least 50 of the Common Stock accept such offer, or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other
than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock) (in any such case, a Fundamental Transaction ),
then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive the number of shares of Common Stock of
the Successor Entity or of the Company and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration receivable
upon or as a result of such reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or disposition of assets by a holder of the number
of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such event (disregarding any limitation on exercise
contained herein solely for the purpose of such determination). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price
shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect
of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration
in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common
Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be
given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.
To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any Successor Entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall issue to the
Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holder s right to exercise such warrant into Alternate
Consideration. 

4. NON-CIRCUMVENTION .
The Company covenants and agrees that it will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or through any reorganization,
transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action,
avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at all times in good faith carry out
all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon the exercise of this
Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the
Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii)
shall, for so long as this Warrant is outstanding, have authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, three (3) times the number
of shares of Common Stock into which the Warrants are then exercisable into to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by
this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise). 

5. WARRANT
HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Warrant, in and of itself, shall not entitle
the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall
be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a
stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

6.
 REISSUANCE . 

(a) Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Warrant . If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company will, on such terms as to indemnity
or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof), issue a new
Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed. 

(b) Issuance
of New Warrants . Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new Warrant shall
be of like tenor with this Warrant, and shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the same as
the Issuance Date. 

7. TRANSFER .
This Warrant shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its
successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the rights, interests or obligations of the Company hereunder
may not be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, by the Company without the prior signed written consent of
the Holder, which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Holder (any such assignment or transfer shall be null and void
if the Company does not obtain the prior signed written consent of the Holder). This Warrant or any of the severable rights and obligations
inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Holder hereunder may be assigned by Holder to a third party, in whole or in part, without
the need to obtain the Company s consent thereto. 

8. NOTICES .
Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance
with the notice provisions contained in the Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice (i) immediately
upon any adjustment of the Exercise Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, the calculation of such adjustment and (ii) at least 20
days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon the
shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any stock or other securities directly or indirectly convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or other property, pro rata to the holders of shares of Common Stock or
(C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that
such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to the Holder. 

9. AMENDMENT
AND WAIVER . The terms of this Warrant may be amended or waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively
or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 

10. GOVERNING
LAW AND VENUE . This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to
principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this
Warrant shall be brought only in the state courts located in Orange County, California or federal courts located in Orange County, California.
The parties to this Warrant hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall
not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER
TRANSACTION DOCUMENT ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY .
The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. In the event that any
provision of this Warrant or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute
or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified
to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect
the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process
and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Warrant or any other transaction document
entered into in connection with this Warrant by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence
of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under the Purchase Agreement and agrees that such service shall
constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any
right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

11. ACCEPTANCE . Receipt
of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions contained herein. 

12. CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS . For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a) Closing
Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, (i) the last closing trade price for such security on the Principal Market,
as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or, if the Principal Market begins to
operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to
4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or (ii) if
the foregoing does not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market for such security as reported by Quotestream
or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or (iii) if no last trade price is reported for such security by
Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, the average of the bid and ask prices of any market
makers for such security as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder. If the Closing
Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security
on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. All such determinations to be appropriately
adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period. 

(b) Common
Stock means the Company s common stock, par value 0.001, and any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

(c) Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock,
including without limitation any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

(d) Person 
and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust,
an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof. 

(e) Principal
Market means the principal securities exchange or trading market where such Common Stock is listed or quoted, including but
not limited to any tier of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market), or the NYSE American,
or any successor to such markets. 

(f) Market
Price means the highest traded price of the Common Stock during the one hundred and fifty Trading Days prior to the date of
the respective Exercise Notice. 

(g) Trading
Day means any day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted on its Principal Market, provided, however, that if the Common
Stock is not then listed or quoted on any Principal Market, then any calendar day. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused
this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set forth above. 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

Name: 
 Sean Folkson 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

EXHIBIT A 

EXERCISE NOTICE 

(To be executed by the registered holder
to exercise this Common Stock Purchase Warrant) 

T HE
 U NDERSIGNED holder hereby exercises the right to purchase of the shares of Common
Stock Warrant Shares of NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), evidenced by the attached
copy of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the Warrant ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have
the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant. 

1. Form of Exercise Price . The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as (check one): 

a cash exercise with respect to Warrant Shares; or 

by cashless exercise pursuant to the Warrant. 

2. Payment of Exercise Price . If cash exercise is selected above, the holder shall pay the applicable Aggregate Exercise
 Price in the sum of 
 to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 

3. Delivery of Warrant Shares . The Company shall deliver to the holder Warrant Shares
in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 

Date: 

(Print Name of Registered Holder) 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

A- 1 

EXHIBIT B 

ASSIGNMENT OF WARRANT 

(To be signed only upon authorized
transfer of the Warrant) 

F OR V ALUE R ECEIVED ,
the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto the
right to purchase 
shares of common stock of NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., to which the within Common Stock Purchase Warrant relates and appoints ,
as attorney-in-fact, to transfer said right on the books of NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. with full power of substitution and
re-substitution in the premises. By accepting such transfer, the transferee has agreed to be bound in all respects by the terms and
conditions of the within Warrant. 

Dated: 

(Signature) 

(Name) 

(Address) 

(Social Security or Tax Identification No.) 

The signature on this Assignment of Warrant must correspond
to the name as written upon the face of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any
change whatsoever. When signing on behalf of a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity, please indicate your position(s) and
title(s) with such entity. 

B-1 

</EX-10.47>

<EX-10.48>
 14
 f10k2023ex10-48_nightfood.htm
 LETTER OF ENGAGEMENT BETWEEN THE REGISTRANT AND SC DATED JULY 7, 2023

Exhibit 10.48 

Spencer
Clarke 

 Investment Banking 

 MEMBER FINRA SIPC 

 1111 Lincoln Road Suite 500 Miami Beach, Florida
33139 

 (P) 305-600-3268 (F) 212-446-6191 

 www.spencerclarke.com 

July 7, 2023 

Nightfood Holdings, Inc. 

 Sean Folkson CEO 

 520 White Plains Road Suite 500 

 Tarrytown, New York 10591 

RE: Letter of Engagement between Spencer Clarke LLC Nightfood
Holdings, Inc. 

Mr. Folkson, 

This letter
agreement/engagement confirms our agreement that Nightfood Holdings, Inc. NGTF ), a Nevada corporation, its surviving
entities, common interest entities, affiliates, and subsidiaries, (the Company has agreed to engage
Spencer Clarke LLC (SC) (together with its affiliates and subsidiaries, Spencer Clarke , SC or
the Placement Agent to act as the Company s Exclusive Placement Agent in connection with
any Capital/Debt Raise, warrant exercise, Financings and for any Sale, Joint Venture, Merger ,Acquisition or
transaction M A Transactions or any other financially structured corporate activity, collectively Corporate Finance Activity as of July 7, 2023. 

Upon acceptance, (indicated
by your signature below), this letter agreement (the Agreement will confirm the terms of the engagement between
the Placement Agent and the Company. 

1. Appointment . 

(a) Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby retains the Placement Agent, and the Placement Agent hereby agrees to
act, as the Company s exclusive Placement Agent in connection with any Offering or financing during the engagement period or as
defined in this agreement. As Placement Agent, Spencer Clarke will advise and assist the Company in identifying and assisting the Company
in issuing the securities to one or more accredited Investors or institutions Investors in an Offering. As Placement
Agent, Spencer Clarke will advise and assist the Company in identifying and assisting the Company in M A activity and other corporate
finance activity. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agent is only required to use its commercially reasonable
best efforts in connection with any Offering or Corporate finance activity and that this Agreement does not constitute a commitment
by the Placement Agent to purchase any securities or introduce the Company to Investors. Spencer Clarke will, in its sole discretion,
determine the reasonableness of its efforts, and is under no obligation to perform at any level other than what it deems reasonable. The
Company retains the right to determine all of the terms and conditions of the Offering and to accept or reject any proposals submitted
to it by the Placement Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 

(b) During
the Term (as defined in Section 4) of this Agreement, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries will, directly or indirectly, solicit
or otherwise encourage the submission of any proposal or offer Investment Proposal from any person or entity relating
to any issuance of the Company s or any of its subsidiaries equity or debt securities or participate in any discussions regarding
an Investment Proposal of Corporate Finance Activity. Further, the Company will immediately communicate all direct contacts, discussion
and negotiations with third parties regarding any Investment Proposal and, during the engagement term, will promptly inform Spencer Clarke
of any unsolicited Investment Proposals or communications received by the Company or its Representatives. Should any such active or future
Investment Proposals be received during the Term, the Placement Agent will act as the Company s exclusive Placement Agent in connection
with such Investment Proposals. 

www.SpencerClarke.com 1111 Lincoln Road Suite 500 Miami Beach, Florida 33139 Tel 305.600.3268 Fax 212.446.6191 1 

2. Information . 

(a) The
Company recognizes that, in completing its engagement hereunder, the Placement Agent will be using and relying on both publicly available
information and on data, material and other information furnished to Placement Agent by the Company or the Company s affiliates
and agents. The Company will cooperate with Spencer Clarke and furnish, and cause to be furnished, to Spencer Clarke, any and all information
and data concerning the Company, its subsidiaries and the Offering that Spencer Clarke deems appropriate, including, without limitation,
the Company s acquisition and/or merger plans and plans for raising capital or additional financing that is reasonably requested
by Spencer Clarke (the Information ), including subscription agreements, purchase agreements and any other forms of
the offering material (the Private Placement Materials ). Any Information and Private Placement Materials forwarded
to prospective Investors will be in form acceptable to Placement Agent and its counsel. The Company represents and warrants that all Information
and Private Placement Materials, including, but not limited to, the Company s financial statements and all information incorporated
by reference therein, will be complete and correct in all material respects and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading. 

(b) It
is further agreed that Spencer Clarke will use its reasonable efforts to conduct a due diligence investigation of the Company and the
Company will reasonably cooperate with such investigation as a condition of Spencer Clarke s obligations hereunder. The Company
recognizes and confirms that the Placement Agent: (i) will use and rely primarily on the Information, the Private Placement Materials
and information available from generally recognized public sources in performing the services contemplated by this letter without having
independently verified the same; (ii) is authorized as the Placement Agent to transmit to any prospective investors a copy or copies of
the Private Placement Materials and any other legal documentation supplied to the Placement Agent for transmission to any prospective
investors by or on behalf of the Company or by any of the Company s officers, representatives or agents, in connection with the
performance of the Placement Agent s services hereunder or any transaction contemplated hereby; (iii) does not assume responsibility
for the accuracy or completeness of the Information or the Private Placement Materials and such other information, if any provided to
the Investors; (iv) will not make an appraisal of any assets of the Company or the Company generally; and (v) retains the right to continue
to perform due diligence of the Company, its business and its officers and directors during the Term of the engagement. 

(c) Throughout
the Engagement period, Spencer Clarke will keep all information obtained from the Company confidential except: (i) Information which is
otherwise publicly available, or previously known to or obtained by, Spencer Clarke independently of the Company and without breach of
any of Spencer Clarke s agreements with the Company; (ii) Spencer Clarke may disclose such information to its officers, directors,
employees, agents, representatives, attorneys, and to its other advisors and financial sources on a need to know basis. This agreement
supersedes any prior non-disclosure or confidentiality agreement. No such obligation of confidentiality shall apply to information that:
(i) is in the public domain as of the date hereof or hereafter enters the public domain without a breach by Spencer Clarke, (ii) was known
or became known by Spencer Clarke prior to the Company s disclosure thereof to Spencer Clarke, (iii) becomes known to Spencer Clarke
from a source other than the Company, who Spencer Clarke believes can disclose such information other than by the breach of an obligation
of confidentiality owed to the Company, (iv) is disclosed by the Company to a third party without restrictions on its disclosure, (v)
is independently developed by Spencer Clarke, (vi) is required to be disclosed by Spencer Clarke or its officers, directors, employees,
agents, attorneys and to its other advisors and financial sources, pursuant to any order of a court of competent jurisdiction or other
governmental body or as may otherwise be required by law, or (vii) is required to be provided to prospective investors pursuant to Spencer
Clarke s efforts to fulfill its obligations hereunder. 

(d) The
Company recognizes that in order for Spencer Clarke to perform properly its obligations in a fiduciary and professional manner, the Company
will keep Spencer Clarke informed of and, to the extent practicable, permit Spencer Clarke to participate in, meetings and discussions
between the Company and any third party relating to the matters covered by the terms of Spencer Clarke s engagement or general information
about the company relevant to Spencer Clarke or its investors. If at any time during the course of Spencer Clarke s engagement or
during a period in which a Spencer Clarke investor is a lender or investor in the Company, and the Company becomes aware of any material
change in any of the information previously furnished to Spencer Clarke, it will promptly advise and provide Spencer Clarke with updated
information. 

www.SpencerClarke.com 1111 Lincoln Road Suite 500 Miami Beach, Florida 33139 Tel 305.600.3268 Fax 212.446.6191 2 

(e) Any
Offering shall be conditioned upon, among other things, the following: 

(i) Satisfactory
completion by Spencer Clarke of its due diligence investigation and analysis of: (a) the Company s arrangements with its officers,
directors, employees, affiliates, customers, and suppliers, and (b) the audited and unaudited historical financial statements of the Company;
and 

(ii) Satisfaction
of all the conditions to Closing (as defined below), and receipt of all deliverables, set forth in the Private Placement Materials. 

3. Compensation . 

(a) Upon
signing of this Agreement, the Company will pay Spencer Clarke a non-refundable activation fee of 0 (zero dollars) . Cash
fees will be paid via US bank wire transfer utilizing instructions provided by Spencer Clarke. 

(b) As
further additional consideration for rendering the services contemplated herein, the Company will issue to Spencer Clarke or
its designees, non-refundable warrants to purchase 4,800,000 shares of Retainer Stock, at an initial exercise price per warrant equal
to .0333 during the five (5)-year period commencing on the date of issuance. These warrants will be evidenced by a customary form of instrument
(form of warrant in Exhibit C) and will not be exercisable until at least 6 months and 1 day after the execution date of this Agreement.
There shall be no piggyback rights at any time that the holder could exercise into free trading shares under 144. 

(c) Monthly
Advisory Fee: A monthly fee of 0 (zero dollars) will be due on the first of each month during the term of the engagement. Advisory
Services may include general advice and assisting the company to develop its corporate finance needs. Advisory fees are non-refundable
and half of said fees will apply as an advance toward future success fees. In performing Advisory Services , as defined above,
under this Agreement, SC will use and rely primarily on the information and documentation provided to SC by the Company which SC determines
in its sole discretion to be necessary to obtain Information and secondarily on information available from generally recognized
public sources Research ). SC will not independently verify, and SC has no responsibility for the accuracy or completeness
of the Information, the Research or any other information as may be obtained by SC in connection with performing its services under this
Agreement. SC will not make an appraisal of any assets of the Company. 

(d) In
addition, as compensation for services rendered and to be rendered hereunder by Placement Agent, the Company agrees to pay Placement Agent
at each and any closing, capital raise or corporate financing activity Closing ), the fees set forth on Schedule
A hereto in consideration of the services rendered by the Placement Agent in connection with any Offering or Corporate financing activity
(collectively, the Placement Fees ). 

4. Term of Engagement . 

(a) This
Agreement will remain in effect from the initial signing of this agreement for three (3) months and shall automatically extend for six
(6) months periods unless SC was given seven (7) days written notice to cancel prior to any new extension period. This Agreement and Term
will extend upon any corporate financing activity as defined in Extensions (Section 9), after which either party shall have the right
to terminate it on seven (7) days written notice to cancel prior to any new extension period. The date of termination or expiration of
this Agreement is referred to herein from time to time as the Termination Date . The period of time during which this
Agreement remains in effect is referred to herein from time to time as the Term . The Agreement may also terminate
in the event of one or more of the following: In the event, however, that in the course of Spencer Clarke s performance of due diligence
it deems it necessary to terminate the engagement, Spencer Clarke may do so prior to the Termination Date and upon immediate written notice.
If, within twenty-four (24) months after the Termination Date, the Company completes any Financing, M A Transaction or other corporate
financing activity (other than the exercise by any person or entity of any options, or convertible securities other than the warrants
issued pursuant to this Agreement) with any of the Investors introduced to the Company by Spencer Clarke or as introduced via a potential
financing by the company, or with any other investor that Spencer Clarke had engaged in discussions with on behalf of the Company, or
introduced to the Company by a party originally introduced to the Company by SC, then the Company will pay to Spencer Clarke upon the
closing of such financing the compensation set forth in Sections 3(a), 3(b),3(c), 3(d) and Schedule A as a Source Fee . 

www.SpencerClarke.com 1111 Lincoln Road Suite 500 Miami Beach, Florida 33139 Tel 305.600.3268 Fax 212.446.6191 3 

(b) Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, subject to the twenty-four (24) month limitation described in Section 4(a) above, the obligation to pay
the compensation and expenses described in Section 3, this Section 4, Sections 7 and 9-18 and all of the Schedules and Exhibits attached,
hereto (the terms of which are incorporated by reference hereto), will survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement. The termination
of this Agreement shall not affect the Company s obligation to pay fees to the extent provided for in Section 3 and all of the Schedules
and Exhibits attached herein and shall not affect the Company s obligation to reimburse the expenses accruing prior to such termination
to the extent provided for herein. All such fees and reimbursements due shall be paid to the Placement Agent on or before the Termination
Date (in the event such fees and reimbursements are earned or owed as of the Termination Date) or upon a Closing or any applicable portion
thereof (in the event such fees are due pursuant to the terms of Section 3 hereof). 

5. Certain
Placement Procedures . The Company and the Placement Agent each represents to the other that it has not taken, and the Company
and the Placement Agent each agrees with the other that it will not take, any action, directly or indirectly, so as to cause the Offering
to fail to be entitled to rely upon the exemption from registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2), or such other exemption as may be available,
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act ). In effecting the Offering, the Company, and the Placement Agent
each agrees to comply in all material respects with applicable provisions of the Act and any regulations thereunder and any applicable
state laws and requirements. In order to induce Spencer Clarke to enter into this Agreement, the Company agrees that Spencer Clarke may
rely upon any representations and warranties made to any Investor in this Offering (as if fully set forth herein) for its benefit, whether
appearing in the Private Placement Materials or elsewhere, and that all such representations and warranties shall be true and correct
in all material respects and shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of each closing. The Company agrees that
it shall cause any opinion of its counsel delivered to any Investors in the Offering also to be addressed and delivered to the Placement
Agent, or to cause such counsel to deliver to the Placement Agent a letter authorizing it to rely upon such opinion. 

6. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Spencer Clarke. 

Spencer Clarke hereby represents and warrants
to, and covenants with, the Company that: 

(a) (i) Sales of the
securities by the Placement Agent will be made only in such jurisdictions in which the Placement Agent is a registered broker-dealer;
and (ii) the offering and sale of the securities will be registered under, or is exempt from registration under, applicable laws. 

(ii) Offers
and sales of the securities by the Placement Agent will be made in compliance with the appropriate government provisions such as Regulation
D under the Act and/or Section 4(a)(2) of the Act, and the Placement Agent shall furnish to each investor a copy of the Private Placement
Materials (including all Schedules and Exhibits thereto) prior to accepting any payments for securities. 

(b) The
Placement Agent is: (i) a registered broker-dealer under the Exchange Act; (ii) a member in good standing of FINRA; and (iii) registered
as a broker-dealer in each jurisdiction in which it is required to be registered as such in order to offer and sell the securities in
such jurisdiction. 

(c) The
Placement Agent will periodically notify the Company of the jurisdiction in which it intends the securities to be offered by it or will
be offered by it pursuant to this Agreement and will periodically notify the Company of the status of the Offering conducted pursuant
to this Agreement. 

7 . Indemnification .
 The Company agrees to indemnify Placement Agent in accordance with the indemnification and other provisions attached to the Agreement
as Exhibit A (the Indemnification Provisions ), which provisions are incorporated herein by reference and shall survive
the termination or expiration of the Agreement. 

www.SpencerClarke.com 1111 Lincoln Road Suite 500 Miami Beach, Florida 33139 Tel 305.600.3268 Fax 212.446.6191 4 

8. Other
Activities . The Company acknowledges that Spencer Clarke has been, and may in the future be, engaged to provide services as an
underwriter, placement agent, finder, advisor, and investment banker to other companies in the industry in which the Company is involved.
Subject to the confidentiality provisions of Spencer Clarke contained in Section 2 hereof, the Company acknowledges and agrees that nothing
contained in this Agreement shall limit or restrict the right of Spencer Clarke or of any member, manager, officer, employee, agent or
representative of Spencer Clarke, to be a member, manager, partner, officer, director, employee, agent or representative of, investor
in, or to engage in, any other business, whether or not of a similar nature to the Company s business, nor to limit or restrict
the right of Spencer Clarke to render services of any kind to any other corporation, firm, individual or association; provided that Spencer
Clarke and its members, managers, officers, employees, agents and representatives shall not use the Information to the detriment of the
Company. Spencer Clarke may, but shall not be required to, present opportunities to the Company. 

9. Extensions. 
Upon any and each funding, any M A transaction, Financings, Corporate Finance Activity, or business transaction including the Company,
through any transaction during the engagement period or thereafter through a Spencer Clarke introduction, the Company agrees to extend/retain/re-engage
Spencer Clarke as its exclusive investment banker and advisor for twelve (12) months from the completion of the closing of said transaction.
This contract and all its terms, fees and conditions will be used as the only contract for future extensions unless mutually agreed upon
in writing by both parties. This agreement allows for extensions up to a maximum of two (2) years. 

10. Governing
Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial . This Agreement will be governed as to validity, interpretation, construction, effect
and in all other respects by the internal law of the State of New York. The Company and Spencer Clarke each (i)
 agree that any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be instituted exclusively in
the New York State Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, (ii)
 waives any objection to the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding, and the right to assert that such forum is an inconvenient
forum, and (iii) irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of the New York
State Supreme Court, County of New York, and the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in any such suit,
action or proceeding. Each of the Company and Spencer Clarke further agrees to accept and acknowledge service of any and all process that
may be served in any such suit, action or proceeding in the New York State Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York and agree that service of process upon it mailed by certified mail to its address
shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process in any such suit, action or proceeding. The parties hereby expressly waive
all rights to trial by jury in any suit, action or proceeding arising under this Agreement. 

11. Securities
Law Compliance . The Company, at its own expense, will obtain any registration or qualification required to sell any securities
under the Blue-Sky laws of any applicable jurisdictions within the required time periods. 

12. Representations
and Warranties . The Company and Spencer Clarke each respectively represent and warrant that: (a) it has full right, power and
authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform all of its obligations hereunder; (b) this Agreement has been duly authorized and
executed and constitutes a legal, valid and binding agreement of such party enforceable in accordance with its terms; and (c) the execution
and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby does not conflict with or result in a breach
of (i) such party s certificate of incorporation or by-laws or (ii) any agreement to which such party is a party or by which any
of its property or assets is bound. 

13 Parties;
Assignment; Independent Contractor . This Agreement has been and is made solely for the benefit of Spencer Clarke and the Company
and each of the persons, agents, employees, officers, directors and controlling persons referred to in Exhibit A and their respective
heirs, executors, personal representatives, successors and assigns, and nothing contained in this Agreement will confer any rights upon,
nor will this Agreement be construed to create any rights in, any person who is not party to such Agreement, other than as set forth in
this paragraph. The rights and obligations of either party under this Agreement may not be assigned without the prior written consent
of the other party hereto and any other purported assignment will be null and void. Spencer Clarke has been retained under this Agreement
as an independent contractor, and it is understood and agreed that this Agreement does not create a fiduciary relationship between Spencer
Clarke and the Company or their respective Boards of Directors. Spencer Clarke shall not be considered to be the agent of the Company
for any purpose whatsoever and Spencer Clarke is not granted any right or authority to assume or create any obligation or liability, express
or implied, on the Company s behalf, or to bind the Company in any manner whatsoever. 

www.SpencerClarke.com 1111 Lincoln Road Suite 500 Miami Beach, Florida 33139 Tel 305.600.3268 Fax 212.446.6191 5 

14. Validity .
This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties hereto. No party has made any statement, agreement, or representation,
either oral or written, in connection herewith, modifying, adding, or changing the terms and conditions herein set forth. No present or
past dealings between the parties shall be permitted to contradict or modify the terms hereof. No modification of this Agreement shall
be binding unless such modification is in writing and signed by the parties hereto. In case any term of this Agreement will be held invalid,
illegal, or unenforceable, in whole or in part, the validity of any of the other terms of this Agreement will not in any way be affected
thereby. 

15. Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and each of such counterparts will for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and such
counterparts will together constitute one and the same instrument. 

16. Notices . 
All notices will be in writing and will be effective when delivered in person or sent via facsimile and confirmed by letter, to the party
to whom it is addressed at the following addresses or such other address as such party may advise the other in writing (copies shall not
constitute notice): 

To the Company: 

Nightfood Holdings, Inc. 

 Attention: Sean Folkson CEO 

 520 White Plains Road Suite 500 

 Tarrytown, New York 10591 

 Sean Folkson 

To Spencer Clarke: 
 Spencer Clarke LLC 

Attention: Reid Drescher, Chief Executive Officer 

1111 Lincoln Road Suite 500 

Miami Beach, Florida 33139 

Fax: (212) 446-6191 / RDrescher@SpencerClarke.com 

17. Best
Efforts Engagement and Exclusivity . It is expressly understood and acknowledged that Spencer Clarke s engagement hereunder
does not constitute any commitment, express or implied, on the part of Spencer Clarke or of any of its affiliates to purchase or place
any of the Company s securities or to provide any type of financing and that any Offering will be conducted by Spencer Clarke on
a reasonable efforts basis. 

Exclusivity: As defined here, the term Exclusive 
shall mean neither the Company nor any of its officers, directors, employees, subsidiaries, agents or representatives Representative will, directly or indirectly solicit or otherwise encourage or accept the submission of any proposal or offer Investment Proposal from any person or entity relating to any issuance of the Company s equity, debt, or equity-linked securities (including warrants)
or participate in any discussions regarding any joint venture or Merger or Acquisition activity without notifying Spencer Clarke LLC.
The Company will immediately cease all contacts, discussion, and negotiations with third parties regarding any Investment proposal and,
during the engagement term, will promptly inform SC of any unsolicited Investment Proposals or communications received by the Company
or its Representatives. 

18. Announcements .
The Company agrees that Spencer Clarke shall, upon completion of any transaction, corporate finance activity or portion thereof, have
the right to place advertisements or announcements on its website or marketing materials or in financial and other newspapers and journals
at its own expense describing its services provided to the Company hereunder. The Company further agrees that it shall not issue any press
release in connection with any Offering without Spencer Clarke s prior written approval of such press release. The Company further
agrees that Spencer Clarke s counsel shall have the right to review and comment on any Current Report on Form 8-K regarding any
Offering or transaction completed hereunder that is prepared by or on behalf of the Company before the same is filed with the SEC. 

(Signature Page Follows) 

www.SpencerClarke.com 1111 Lincoln Road Suite 500 Miami Beach, Florida 33139 Tel 305.600.3268 Fax 212.446.6191 6 

We are delighted at the prospect
of working with you and look forward to a successful offering. If you are in agreement with the foregoing, please execute and return
two copies of this engagement letter to the undersigned. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, electronic mail and by facsimile
transmission. 

Sincerely yours, 

SPENCER CLARKE LLC 

Name: 
 Reid Drescher 

Title: 
 President CEO 

Agreed to and accepted this 7th day of July
2023 

Nightfood Holdings, Inc. 

By: 

Name: 
 Sean Folkson 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

www.SpencerClarke.com 1111 Lincoln Road Suite 500 Miami Beach, Florida 33139 Tel 305.600.3268 Fax 212.446.6191 7 

Schedule A 

 Equity/Debt/Warrant Placement Fees 

As compensation for services rendered and to be
rendered hereunder by Placement Agent, the Company agrees to pay Placement Agent at each and any closing, capital raise or corporate financing
activity Closing ), the following fees in consideration of the services rendered by the Placement Agent in connection
with any Offering or Corporate financing activity (collectively, the Placement Fees ). 

Equity / Convertible Preferred / Convertible Debt Placement Success Fee Equity Placement ). 
Upon the closing of an equity placement, equity linked or its equivalent, Spencer Clarke shall be entitled to and have earned and be immediately
paid a success fee, in cash, for any and all financings (including cash warrant exercises) to the Company in an amount equal to a of
the total gross amount raised or committed by any source of the financing. The success fee will be: 10 (ten percent) on the first 5
million of each financing; and then 6 (six percent) cash fee on all money and commitments above 5 million per financing. Equity Placement
will include any debt structure that has any equity or warrant component. Fees shall be paid at each Closing. (Reg A offerings will
be 5 cash fee on all money raised as a cash investment, with no warrants and no other expense) 

Debt Offering / Mezzanine Credit Facility/Equipment Financing or Senior Debt Facility Mezzanine
Credit Facility Fee: Upon the closing of a Mezzanine Credit Facility, Spencer Clarke will have earned, be entitled to and
thus be immediately paid a success fee for any and all financing sources, in an amount equal to 6 (six percent) of the maximum amount
for the mezzanine credit facility committed by the source of the financing. The term Mezzanine Credit Facility shall be
defined as any debt instrument/credit facility (including any equipment loan, sale/lease back transaction, or any related financing agreement)
which may be, but not necessarily subordinated to any security interest by any other lender in any asset or stock of the company , its
subsidiaries and/or affiliates, and may other forms of yield enhancement in addition to a current cash pay interest coupon. Any and each
financing will trigger extension of exclusivity of this agreement for 24 (twenty-four) months. 

3(a)10 financings: The Company agrees to pay IB 8 of the face value of the Claims purchased in
the Placement for Placement Agent Services for claims up to 500,000; an 6 fee on face value Claims totaling 500,000 to 1 million;
and a 5 IB fee on all Claims with a total face value of over 1 million. Separate placement agreement may be required 

Bank Debt: 1.5 finance fee on commitment amount up to 10 million, 1 thereafter, due at initial
closing. 

Non-Accountable Expense Allowance. In addition to the other fees payable, Spencer Clarke will be
entitled to and have earned and be immediately paid a non-accountable expense allowance, in cash, (the Non-Accountable Fee upon each Closing equal to 2 of the first 1.5 million of the gross amount raised in each Closing (Closings include amounts raised via
conversion of existing indebtedness of the Company or exercise of cash warrants) . 

Warrant Coverage: In addition to the other fees payable The Company agrees to issue to Spencer
Clarke (or its designated affiliates or assignees), upon the closing of any financing, corporate finance activity or issuances, five (5)
year cashless warrants Warrants equal to 10 of the capital raised, warrants issued, debt incurred or Mezzanine Credit
Facility that is secured, in common stock of the Company, on a fully diluted basis, and based on the net valuation of said financing.
Warrants will be granted with the same strike/exercise price of the offering pari passu with other participating investors and lenders,
or the current estimated market capitalization price of the Company. If no valuation is available, the prior financing market valuation
will be used. The company will be responsible to disclose to investors placement agent compensation. The Company shall also reserve, and
at all times have available, a sufficient number of shares of its common stock to be issued upon the exercise of the Warrants. The Company
shall also grant unlimited piggy back registration rights, at the Company s expense, to include the shares of the
underlying Common Stock in any registration statement filed by the Company under the Securities Act of 1933 relating to the sales of shares
of common stock or other securities of the Company. The company will provide any documents needed to issue, convert, or exercise such
warrants. At the Company s expense, any legal opinions on any issued shares or warrants will be paid for or provided. 

www.SpencerClarke.com 1111 Lincoln Road Suite 500 Miami Beach, Florida 33139 Tel 305.600.3268 Fax 212.446.6191 8 

Schedule A (pg. 2) 

 Equity/Debt/Warrant Placement Fees 

Expenses: In addition to any fees payable to Spencer Clarke hereunder, the Company shall reimburse
Spencer Clarke for all approved expenses (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel and all travel and other out-of-pocket
expenses) incurred by Spencer Clarke in connection with its engagement hereunder; All fees and expenses are due as incurred. 

Filing Fees. The Company shall assist and cooperate with legal counsel to Spencer Clarke in effecting
a filing with respect to any public offering if a registration statement is filed in connection with the Offering (an Issuer
Filing with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA Corporate Financing Department pursuant
to FINRA Rule 5110 and the Company shall pay the filing fee required by any such Issuer related Filings and the fees and expenses of counsel
to Spencer Clarke in connection with any Issuer related Filing and clearing such filing with FINRA. The Company shall assist legal counsel
to Spencer Clarke in pursuing the Issuer Filing until FINRA issues a letter confirming that it does not object to the terms of the offering
contemplated by such registration statement. 

Business Agreement Fee. The Company agrees that should any joint venture be consummated, or any
manufacturing, production, distribution or joint development agreement(s) or any other business arrangements that generate revenue or
value, be entered into by the Company as a result of introductions arranged by, negotiations performed by, or other efforts of Spencer
Clarke outside of the scope of the services above, The Company will pay to Spencer Clarke an industry-standard commission to be determined
at a later date on the total consideration actually received or benefits actually derived from such transaction(s) by the Company at any
time. 

Payment Authorization : Prior to closing of any corporate financing activity, the company will sign a payment authorization
letter, in a form to be prepared at the sole discretion of SC, irrevocably instructing the source of the Financing to deduct the Success
Fees due to SC from the financing and to remit those Success Fees directly to SC. 

Merger or Acquisition Success Fee. If the Company consummates a sale, acquisition, divestiture,
merger, or other business combination, or other similar buy or sell side transaction involving the Company and any other party/entity,
then the Company shall pay Spencer Clarke a fee (the M A Fee in an amount equal to a 5 (five percent) on the first
Fifteen (15) Million dollars of the Aggregate Value of the transaction for acting as its exclusive advisor and placement agent. Thereafter,
an amount equal to 3 (three percent) will be paid on the Aggregate Value of the transaction above the initial Fifteen (15) million of
value. For purposes hereof, Aggregate Value is defined as the aggregate purchase price or value of the transaction plus
any assumed debt of the target company or companies, forgiveness of debt, extraordinary dividends and any other consideration (in the
form of compensation, stock purchase price or otherwise) paid to security holders, executives, or family members of security holders or
executives, in connection with the transaction, including, but not limited to, any contingent consideration, post-closing payments, the
value (as measured by the excess of acquisition price over exercise price or conversion price) of all unexercised options, warrants or
other convertible securities assumed or acquired. The M A Fee will consist of the same consideration as the Aggregate Value. The cash
portion of the M A Fee will be at least 100,000 and not offset the equity portion. The Company will pay all M A Fees to Spencer
Clarke immediately upon closing of the transaction, and at such other times subsequent to that closing when additional amounts of the
Aggregate Value of the total transaction are received that were not previously calculated during the extension period. Any or each Financing
or M A Transaction will trigger extension of exclusivity of all investment banking and corporate finance and advisory services. 

www.SpencerClarke.com 1111 Lincoln Road Suite 500 Miami Beach, Florida 33139 Tel 305.600.3268 Fax 212.446.6191 9 

Exhibit A 

INDEMNIFICATION PROVISIONS 

Capitalized terms used in
this Exhibit shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Agreement to which this Exhibit is attached. 

The Company agrees to indemnify
and hold harmless Placement Agent and each of the other Indemnified Parties (as hereinafter defined) from and against any and all losses,
claims, damages, obligations, penalties, judgments, awards, liabilities, costs, expenses and disbursements, and any and all actions, suits,
proceedings and investigations in respect thereof and any and all legal and other costs, expenses and disbursements in giving testimony
or furnishing documents in response to a subpoena or otherwise (including, without limitation, the costs, expenses and disbursements,
as and when incurred, of investigating, preparing, pursing or defending any such action, suit, proceeding or investigation (whether or
not in connection with litigation in which any Indemnified Party is a party)) (collectively, Losses ), directly or indirectly,
caused by, relating to, based upon, arising out of, or in connection with, Placement Agent s acting for the Company, including,
without limitation, any act or omission by Placement Agent in connection with its acceptance of or the performance or non-performance
of its obligations under the Agreement between the Company and Placement Agent to which these indemnification provisions are attached
and form a part, any breach by the Company of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement contained in the Agreement or the subscription
or securities purchase agreement with the investors (or in any instrument, document or agreement relating thereto, including any agency
agreement), or the enforcement by Placement Agent of its rights under the Agreement or these indemnification provisions, except to the
extent that any such Losses are found in a final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction (not subject to further appeal) to have
resulted primarily and directly from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Indemnified Party seeking indemnification hereunder. 

The Company also agrees that
no Indemnified Party shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise) to the Company for or in
connection with the engagement of Placement Agent by the Company or for any other reason, except to the extent that any such liability
is found in a final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction (not subject to further appeal) to have resulted primarily and directly
from such Indemnified Party s gross negligence or willful misconduct. 

These Indemnification Provisions
shall extend to the following persons (collectively, the Indemnified Parties ): Placement Agent, its present and former affiliated
entities, managers, members, officers, employees, legal counsel, agents and controlling persons (within the meaning of the federal securities
laws), and the officers, directors, partners, stockholders, members, managers, employees, legal counsel, agents and controlling persons
of any of them. These indemnification provisions shall be in addition to any liability which the Company may otherwise have to any Indemnified
Party. 

If any action, suit, proceeding
or investigation is commenced, as to which an Indemnified Party proposes to demand indemnification, it shall notify the Company with reasonable
promptness; provided , however , that any failure by an Indemnified Party to notify the Company shall not relieve the Company
from its obligations hereunder. An Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain one counsel of its own choice to represent it, and
the fees, expenses and disbursements of such counsel shall be borne by the Company. Any such counsel shall, to the extent consistent with
its professional responsibilities, cooperate with the Company and any counsel designated by the Company. The Company shall be liable for
any settlement of any claim against any Indemnified Party made with the Company s written consent. The Company shall not, without
the prior written consent of Placement Agent, settle or compromise any claim, or permit a default or consent to the entry of any judgment
in respect thereof, unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes, as an unconditional term thereof, the giving by the claimant
to all of the Indemnified Parties of an unconditional release from all liability in respect of such claim, and (ii) does not contain any
factual or legal admission by or with respect to an Indemnified Party or an adverse statement with respect to the character, professionalism,
expertise or reputation of any Indemnified Party or any action or inaction of any Indemnified Party. 

www.SpencerClarke.com 1111 Lincoln Road Suite 500 Miami Beach, Florida 33139 Tel 305.600.3268 Fax 212.446.6191 10 

INDEMNIFICATION PROVISIONS. 

Exhibit A (pg2) 

In order to provide for just
and equitable contribution, if a claim for indemnification pursuant to these indemnification provisions is made but it is found in a final
judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction (not subject to further appeal) that such indemnification may not be enforced in such case,
even though the express provisions hereof provide for indemnification in such case, then the Company shall contribute to the Losses to
which any Indemnified Party may be subject (i) in accordance with the relative benefits received by the Company and its stockholders,
subsidiaries and affiliates, on the one hand, and the Indemnified Party, on the other hand, and (ii) if (and only if) the allocation provided
in clause (i) of this sentence is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as to reflect not only the relative benefits, but
also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Indemnified Party, on the other hand, in connection with the statements,
acts or omissions which resulted in such Losses as well as any relevant equitable considerations. No person found liable for a fraudulent
misrepresentation shall be entitled to contribution from any person who is not also found liable for fraudulent misrepresentation. The
relative benefits received (or anticipated to be received) by the Company and it stockholders, subsidiaries and affiliates shall be deemed
to be equal to the aggregate consideration payable or receivable by such parties in connection with the transaction or transactions to
which the Agreement relates relative to the amount of fees actually received by Placement Agent in connection with such transaction or
transactions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the amount contributed by all Indemnified Parties exceed the amount of
fees previously received by Placement Agent pursuant to the Agreement. 

Neither termination nor completion
of the Agreement shall affect these Indemnification Provisions which shall remain operative and in full force and effect. The Indemnification
Provisions shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of the Indemnified Parties
and their respective successors, assigns, heirs and personal representatives. 

Exhibit B: DISCOUNTED CASH SUCCESS FEE: None 

Exhibit C : FORM OF WARRANT ATTACHED 

END 

www.SpencerClarke.com 1111 Lincoln Road Suite 500 Miami Beach, Florida 33139 Tel
305.600.3268 Fax 212.446.6191 

11 

</EX-10.48>

<EX-10.49>
 15
 f10k2023ex10-49_nightfood.htm
 COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT ISSUED TO SC DATED JULY 7, 2023

Exhibit 10.49 

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE
SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION
OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

FORM OF COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

NightFood
holdings, INC. 

Warrant Shares: 4,800,000 

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT
(the Warrant certifies that, for value received, Spencer Clarke LLC or its assigns (the Holder is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on July 7, 2028 (the
 Termination Date but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from NightFood Holdings, Inc. a Nevada corporation
(the Company ), up to 4,800,000 shares of Common Stock (or Membership Interests as relevant) (as subject to adjustment
hereunder, the Warrant Shares ). The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal
to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). The Warrant Value shall be equal to the Warrant Shares on the Initial Exercise Date
multiplied by the Exercise Price on the Initial Exercise Date. 

Section 1 . Definitions .
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Letter of Engagement (the Agreement ),
dated July 7, 2023, among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto. 

Section 2 . Exercise . 

a) Exercise
of Warrant . Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy
or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise ).
No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of
any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender
this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised
in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date
on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion
of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable
hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing
the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise
within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and
agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number
of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. 

1 

b) Exercise
Price . The term Exercise Price herein shall mean the initial exercise price or the exercise price at the exercise date,
and is subject to adjustment pursuant to the terms hereof, including but not limited to Section 3 below. 

The initial exercise
price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be .033 . 

c) Cashless
Exercise . 

Cashless Exercise
of Public Company Warrants. At any time this Warrant may be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless
exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing
[(A-B) (X)] by (A), where: 

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately
preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior
to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b)(68) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal
securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding
the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by
Bloomberg L.P. as of the time of the Holder s execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed
during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2)
hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the
date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both
executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day; 

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and 

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless
exercise. 

2 

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the holding period of the Warrant
Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this
Section 2(c). 

Bid Price 
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a national securities exchange (a Trading Market ), the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question
(or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P.
(based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading
Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable,
(c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported
on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price
per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and
reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company. 

VWAP 
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a
similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock
so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected
in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company. 

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c). 

3 

Cashless Exercise
of Private Company Warrants. At any time this Warrant may be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless
exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing
[(A-B) (X)] by (A), where: 

(A) = the price of the Company s Common Stock, or conversion
price for the Company s Common Stock, as valued in the Company s most recent capital raise. 

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; 

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless
exercise. 

d) Mechanics
of Exercise . 

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise . The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holder s or its designee s balance account with The Depository Trust Company
through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system DWAC if the Company is then a participant in such system
and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant
Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant
to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Company s
share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to
such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest of (i) two (2) Trading
Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise
Price to the Company (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date ). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder
shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant
has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price
(other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within five (5) Trading Days following delivery of the Notice of Exercise.
The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding
and exercisable. 

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise . If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant. 

4 

iii. Rescission
Rights . If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise. 

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise . In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its
broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holder s brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common
Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise
(a Buy-In ), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holder s
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained
by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise
at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the
Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in
which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been
issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common
Stock having a total purchase price of 11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with
an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of 10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the
Company shall be required to pay the Holder 1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable
to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit
a Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree
of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock
upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

v. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip . No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share. 

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses . Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided , however ,
that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition
thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent
fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing
corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares. 

5 

vii. Closing
of Books . The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof. 

e) Holder s
Exercise Limitations . The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holder s Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being
acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent
that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other
securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable
shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holder s determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company
shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status
as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic or annual report filed with
the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company
or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder,
the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. 
In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of
securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 9.99 of
the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions
of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99 of the number of shares of the Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the
Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be
effective until the 61 st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed
and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any
portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes
or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply
to a successor holder of this Warrant. 

6 

Section 3 . Certain
Adjustments . 

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits . If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common
Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the
numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective
date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re classification. 

b) Anti-Dilution
Adjustments to Exercise Price . Except with respect to an Exempt Issuance, if the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable,
at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, shall sell or grant any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise
dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Stock or securities
(including but not limited to Common Stock Equivalents) entitling any person or entity (for purposes of clarification, including but not
limited to the Holder pursuant to (i) any other security of the Company currently held by Holder, (ii) any other security of the Company
issued to Holder on or after the Issuance Date (including but not limited to the Note), or (iii) any other agreement entered into between
the Company and Holder) to acquire shares of Common Stock (upon conversion, exercise or otherwise), at an effective price per share less
than the then Exercise Price (such lower price, the Base Share Price and such issuances collectively, a Dilutive
Issuance (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase
price adjustments, elimination of an applicable floor price for any reason in the future (including but not limited to the passage of
time or satisfaction of certain condition(s)), reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due
to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled or potentially entitled to receive
shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share which is less than the Exercise Price at any time while such Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents are in existence, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the
Dilutive Issuance (regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the
Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) actually converted or exercised at such Base Share Price), then the Exercise Price
shall be reduced at the option of the Holder and only reduced to equal the Base Share Price, and the number of Warrant Shares issuable
hereunder shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder, after taking into account the decrease in the Exercise
Price, shall be equal to the aggregate Exercise Price prior to such adjustment (for the avoidance of doubt, the aggregate Exercise Price
prior to such adjustment is calculated as follows: the total number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant immediately
prior to such adjustment (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) multiplied by the Exercise Price in effect immediately
prior to such adjustment). By way of example, if E is the total number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant immediately
prior to such adjustment (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation), F is the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such adjustment, and G is the Base Share Price, the adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares can be expressed in the following formula:
Total number of Warrant Shares after such Dilutive Issuance = the number obtained from dividing [E x F] by G. Such adjustment shall be
made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued, regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) actually converted or exercised
at such Base Share Price by the holder thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, the Holder may utilize the Base Share Price even if the Company
did not actually issue shares of its common stock at the Base Share Price under the respective Common stock Equivalents). The Company
shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
subject to this Section 2(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion
price and other pricing terms (such notice the Dilutive Issuance Notice ). For purposes of clarification, regardless of whether
(i) the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 2(b) upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance or (ii)
the Holder accurately refers to the number of Warrant Shares or Base Share Price in the Exercise Notice, the Holder is entitled to receive
a number of Warrant Shares based upon the Base Share Price as well as the Base Share Price at all times on and after the date of such
Dilutive Issuance. Exempt Issuance means the issuance, vesting and/or exercise of options, warrants, restricted stock, restricted
stock units or other common stock purchase rights issued (or to be issued) to employees, officers or directors of, or consultants or advisors
to, the Company for compensatory purposes pursuant to any stock purchase plan, stock option plan, equity incentive plan or other plan
or arrangement approved by the Board of Directors (or the Compensation Committee thereof) at any time. Reg A Issuance means
an issuance of Common Stock (or units consisting of Common Stock and warrants) pursuant to an offering by the Company under Regulation
A so long as the offering price of each share of Common Stock is equal to or greater than 0.10 (subject to adjustment for any stock split,
stock combination, or other similar transaction; and for the avoidance of doubt, assuming any such warrants have no value), provided,
however, that if an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) occurs at any time, then this Section 2(b) of this Warrant shall apply to
each and every Reg A Issuance on or after the Issuance Date as well as the exercise price of any common stock purchase warrants issued
as part of a unit in connection with a Reg A Issuance. 

7 

c) Subsequent
Rights Offerings . In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells
any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any
class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights ), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms
applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number
of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including
without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance
or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are
to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights provided , however , to the extent that the Holder s
right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder
shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as
a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until
such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). 

d) Pro
Rata Distributions . During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution ), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the
record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution provided , however ,
to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of
any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance
for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation). 

e) Calculations .
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding. 

8 

f) Notice
to Holder . 

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price . Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. 

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder . If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common
Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall
authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock
of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property,
or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company,
then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email
address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be
entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other
property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to
be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a
Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such
notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein. 

9 

Section 4 . Transfer
of Warrant . 

a) Transferability .
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration
rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated
agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its
agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if
required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable,
and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing
the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers
an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised
by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued. 

b) New
Warrants . This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be
identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto. 

c) Warrant
Register . The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register ), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary. 

d) Transfer
Restrictions . Deleted 

e) Representation
by the Holder . The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act. 

10 

Section 5 . Miscellaneous . 

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash . This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set
forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to
Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required
to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant. 

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant . The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate. 

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc . If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day. 

d) Authorized
Shares . 

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the
necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares
which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue). 

11 

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior
to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and
legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts
to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary
to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant. 

Before taking any
action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof. 

e) Jurisdiction .
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Agreement. 

f) Restrictions .
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws. 

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses . No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holder s rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this
Warrant or the Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in
any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses
including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting
any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder. 

h) Notices .
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in
accordance with the notice provisions of the Agreement. 

i) Limitation
of Liability . No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company. 

12 

j) Remedies .
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate. 

k) Successors
and Assigns . Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares. 

l) Amendment .
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 

m) Severability .
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant. 

n) Headings .
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant. 

(Signature Page Follows) 

13 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated. 

NightFood holdings, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Sean Folkson 

Name: SEAN FOLKSON 

Title: CEO 

14 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE 

To: 

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant and tenders
herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any. 

(2) Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box): 

in lawful money
of the United States; or 

if permitted the
cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise
this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in
subsection 2(c). 

if permitted the
cancellation of such number of Additional Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(d),
to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Additional Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise
procedure set forth in subsection 2(d). 

(3) Please
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below: 

_______________________________ 

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number: 

_______________________________ 

_______________________________ 

_______________________________ 

(4) Accredited Investor .
The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER] 

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________ 

 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity : __________________________________________________ 

 Name of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________ 

 Title of Authorized Signatory: _____________________________________________________________________ 

 Date: ________________________________________________________________________________________ 

EXHIBIT B 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

(To assign the foregoing
Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.) 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing
Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to 

Name: 

(Please Print) 

Address: 

(Please Print) 

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holder s Signature:________________________ 

Holder s Address: ________________________ 

</EX-10.49>

<EX-10.50>
 16
 f10k2023ex10-50_nightfood.htm
 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT WITH FOURTH MAN, LLC DATED AUGUST 28, 2023

Exhibit 10.50 

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), dated as of August 28, 2023, by and between NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. , a Nevada
corporation, with headquarters located at 520 White Plains Road, Suite 500, Tarrytown, NY 10591 (the Company ), and FOURTH
MAN, LLC , a Nevada limited liability company, with its address at 21520 Yorba Linda Blvd., Suite G PMB 335, Yorba Linda, CA 92887
(the Buyer ). 

WHEREAS : 

A. The
Company and the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded
by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act and Rule 506(b) promulgated by the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the 1933 Act; and 

B. Buyer
desires to purchase from the Company, and the Company desires to issue and sell to the Buyer, upon the terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement, a promissory note of the Company, in the aggregate principal amount of 60,000.00 (as the principal amount thereof
may be increased pursuant to the terms thereof, and together with any note(s) issued in replacement thereof or as a dividend thereon or
otherwise with respect thereto in accordance with the terms thereof, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A , the Note ),
convertible into shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, of the Company (the Common Stock ), upon the terms and
subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such Note; and 

C. The
Buyer wishes to purchase, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, such principal amount of the Note as is set forth immediately
below its name on the signature pages hereto; and 

D. The
Company wishes to issue a common stock purchase warrant to purchase 650,000 shares of Common Stock (the Warrant and 3,333,333
shares of Common Stock (the Commitment Shares to the Buyer as additional consideration for the purchase of the Note, which
shall be earned in full as of the Closing Date, as further provided herein. 

NOW THEREFORE ,
in consideration of the foregoing and of the agreements and covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Buyer hereby agree as follows: 

1. Purchase and Sale of Note. 

a. Purchase
of Note. On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer, and the Buyer agrees to purchase from
the Company, the Note, as further provided herein. As used in this Agreement, the term business day shall mean any day other
than a Saturday, Sunday, or a day on which commercial banks in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive
order to remain closed. 

b. Form of Payment. On the Closing
Date: (i) the Buyer shall pay the purchase price of 51,000.00 (the Purchase Price for the Note, to be issued and
sold to it at the Closing (as defined below), by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company, in accordance with the
Company s written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Note, and (ii) the Company shall deliver such duly executed
Note and Warrant on behalf of the Company, to the Buyer, against delivery of such Purchase Price. On the Closing, the Buyer shall
withhold a sum of 2,500.00 from the Purchase Price to cover the Buyer s legal fees in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. On the Closing, the Buyer shall also withhold a sum of 2,550.00 from the Purchase Price to cover
the Company s fees owed to J. H. Darbie Co., a registered broker-dealer (CRD#: 43520), in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

c. Closing
Date. Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions thereto set forth in Section 6 and Section 7 below, the date
and time of the issuance and sale of the Note pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date shall be on the date that the
Purchase Price for the Note is paid by Buyer pursuant to terms of this Agreement. 

d. Closing .
The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing shall occur on the Closing Date at such location
as may be agreed to by the parties (including via exchange of electronic signatures). 

1A. Warrant; Commitment
Shares. On or before the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Warrant and Commitment Shares to the Buyer pursuant to the terms
of contained therein, which shall be earned in full as of the Closing Date. If the Note is extinguished in the entirety on or prior to
November 11, 2023, then 1,666,666 of the Commitment Shares shall be cancelled and returned to the Company s treasury. 

2. Buyer s
Representations and Warranties. The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company as of the Closing Date that: 

a. Investment
Purpose. As of the Closing Date, the Buyer is purchasing the Note and Warrant (the Note, Warrant, Commitment Shares, shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note (the Conversion Shares ), and shares of Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to the Warrant (the Exercise Shares shall collectively be referred to herein
as the Securities for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except
pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the 1933 Act; provided , however , that by making the representations
herein, the Buyer does not agree to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose
of the Securities at any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration statement or an exemption under the 1933 Act. 

b. Accredited
Investor Status. The Buyer is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D (an Accredited
Investor ). 

c. Reliance
on Exemptions. The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions from
the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy
of, and the Buyer s compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Buyer
set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Buyer to acquire the Securities. 

d. Information. 
The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remains outstanding will continue to be, furnished with all
materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities
which have been requested by the Buyer or its advisors. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remains
outstanding will continue to be, afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company regarding its business and affairs. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Buyer any material nonpublic information regarding the Company or otherwise and will
not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to or promptly following such disclosure to the
Buyer. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigation conducted by Buyer or any of its advisors or representatives shall
modify, amend or affect Buyer s right to rely on the Company s representations and warranties contained in Section 3 below. 

e. Governmental
Review. The Buyer understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed
upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities. 

f. Transfer
or Re-sale. The Buyer understands that (i) the sale or resale of the Securities has not been and is not being registered under
the 1933 Act or any applicable state securities laws, and the Securities may not be transferred unless (a) the Securities are sold
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act, (b) the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost
of the Company, an opinion of counsel (which may be the Legal Counsel Opinion (as defined below)) that shall be in form, substance
and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions to the effect that the Securities to be sold or transferred
may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company, (c) the
Securities are sold or transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a
successor rule) Rule 144 )) of the Buyer who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the Securities only in accordance
with this Section 2(f) and who is an Accredited Investor, (d) the Securities are sold pursuant to Rule 144 or other applicable
exemption, or (e) the Securities are sold pursuant to Regulation S under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) Regulation
S ), and the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Company, an opinion of counsel that shall be in
form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in corporate transactions, which opinion shall be accepted by the
Company; (ii) any sale of such Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in accordance with the terms of said Rule
and further, if said Rule is not applicable, any re-sale of such Securities under circumstances in which the seller (or the person
through whom the sale is made) may be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term is defined in the 1933 Act) may require compliance
with some other exemption under the 1933 Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder; and (iii) neither the Company nor
any other person is under any obligation to register such Securities under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws or to comply
with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder (in each case). Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else contained
herein to the contrary, the Securities may be pledged in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending
arrangement secured by the Securities, and such pledge of Securities shall not be deemed to be a transfer, sale or assignment of the
Securities hereunder, and the Buyer in effecting such pledge of Securities shall be not required to provide the Company with any
notice thereof or otherwise make any delivery to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise. 

2 

g. Legends. 
The Buyer understands that until such time as the Note, Warrant, Commitment Shares, Conversion Shares, and/or Exercise Shares, have been
registered under the 1933 Act or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A under the 1933 Act, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption
without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, the Securities may bear
a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of such Securities): 

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND
SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE [CONVERTIBLE/EXERCISABLE] HAVE
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR
SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM,
THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A, REGULATION S, OR OTHER APPLICABLE
EXEMPTION UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR
OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

The legend set
forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate or book entry statement for the applicable shares of Common Stock
without such legend to the holder of any Security upon which it is stamped or (as requested by such holder) issue the applicable shares
of Common Stock to such holder by electronic delivery by crediting the account of such holder s broker with The Depository Trust
Company DTC ), if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws, (a) such Security is registered
for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A,
Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then
be immediately sold, or (b) the Company or the Buyer provides the Legal Counsel Opinion (as contemplated by and in accordance with Section
4(m) hereof) to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Security may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which
opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected. The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its
transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance. The Buyer agrees to sell all Securities, including those represented
by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In
the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided by the Buyer with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant
to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption at the Deadline (as defined
in the Note), it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note. 

h. Authorization;
Enforcement. This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized by the Buyer and has been duly executed and delivered on behalf
of the Buyer, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer enforceable in accordance with its terms,
except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting
creditors rights generally and except as may be limited by the exercise of judicial discretion in applying principles of
equity. 

3 

3. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer as of the Closing Date that: 

a. Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below), if any, is a corporation duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated or formed, with full power and authority (corporate
and other) to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated and
conducted. The SEC Documents set forth a list of all of the Subsidiaries of the Company and the jurisdiction in which each is incorporated.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction
in which its ownership or use of property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary except where
the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Material Adverse Effect means
any material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, financial condition or prospects of the Company or its Subsidiaries,
if any, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements or instruments to be entered into in connection
herewith. Subsidiaries means any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, in which the
Company owns, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest. 

b. Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, the Note, and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the Securities, in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof,
(ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Warrant, the Note, Commitment Shares, Conversion Shares, and the Exercise Shares
by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including without limitation, the issuance
of the Note, Warrant, Commitment Shares, as well as the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares
issuable upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant) have been duly authorized by the Company s Board of Directors
and no further consent or authorization of the Company, its Board of Directors, its shareholders, or its debt holders is required, (iii)
this Agreement and the Note (together with any other instruments executed in connection herewith or therewith) have been duly executed
and delivered by the Company by its authorized representative, and such authorized representative is the true and official representative
with authority to sign this Agreement, the Note and the other instruments documents executed in connection herewith or therewith and bind
the Company accordingly, and (iv) this Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and delivery by the Company of the Note, each of such
instruments will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with
their terms. 

c. Capitalization;
Governing Documents. As of August 28, 2023, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of: 200,000,000 authorized shares
of Common Stock, of which 123,587,968 shares were issued and outstanding, and 1,005,000 authorized shares of preferred stock, of which
1,000 shares of Series A preferred stock and 2,300 shares of Series B preferred stock were issued and outstanding. All of such outstanding
shares of capital stock of the Company, the Commitment Shares, Conversion Shares, and Exercise Shares are, or upon issuance will be, duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. No shares of capital stock of the Company are subject to preemptive rights
or any other similar rights of the shareholders of the Company or any liens or encumbrances imposed through the actions or failure to
act of the Company. As of the effective date of this Agreement, other than as publicly announced prior to such date and reflected in the
SEC Documents of the Company (i) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe for, puts, calls, rights of first
refusal, agreements, understandings, claims or other commitments or rights of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights
convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or arrangements by which the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
(ii) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any
of its or their securities under the 1933 Act and (iii) there are no anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions contained in any security
issued by the Company (or in any agreement providing rights to security holders) that will be triggered by the issuance of any of the
Securities. The Company has furnished to the Buyer true and correct copies of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation as in effect
on the date hereof Certificate of Incorporation ), the Company s By-laws, as in effect on the date hereof (the By-laws ),
and the terms of all securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock of the Company and the material rights of the holders
thereof in respect thereto. 

4 

d. Issuance
of Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares. The Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares are duly authorized and reserved for issuance
and, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant in accordance with its terms, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable,
and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights
or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. 

e. Issuance
of Warrant and Commitment Shares. The issuance of the Warrant and Commitment Shares is duly authorized and will be validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not
be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the
holder thereof. 

f. Acknowledgment
of Dilution. The Company understands and acknowledges the potentially dilutive effect of the Commitment Shares as well as the Conversion
Shares and Exercise Shares to the Common Stock upon the conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant. The Company further acknowledges
that its obligation to issue, the Commitment Shares, and upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant, the Conversion Shares
and/or Exercise Shares, are absolute and unconditional regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership
interests of other shareholders of the Company. 

g. No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Note by the Company and the consummation by the Company
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion
Shares and Exercise Shares) will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or
By-laws, or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which with
notice or lapse of time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or
cancellation of, any agreement, note, evidence of indebtedness, indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including
federal and state securities laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company or its securities
is subject) applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect), or (iv) trigger any anti-dilution and/or ratchet provision contained
in any other contract in which the Company is a party thereto or any security issued by the Company. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is in violation of its Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws or other organizational documents and neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries is in default (and no event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time or both could put the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries in default) under, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any action or failed to take any
action that would give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument
to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any property or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is bound or affected, except for possible defaults as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The
businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, are not being conducted, and shall not be conducted so long as the Buyer owns
any of the Securities, in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity. Except as specifically contemplated
by this Agreement and as required under the 1933 Act and any applicable state securities laws, the Company is not required to obtain any
consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court, governmental agency, regulatory agency, self-regulatory
organization or stock market or any third party in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement
and the Note in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or to issue and sell the Note and Commitment Shares in accordance with the
terms hereof and, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant, issue Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares as applicable.
All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the Company is required to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence
have been obtained or effected on or prior to the date hereof. The Company is not in violation of the listing requirements of the Principal
Market (as defined herein) and does not reasonably anticipate that the Common Stock will be delisted by the Principal Market in the foreseeable
future. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. The
 Principal Market shall mean the principal securities exchange or trading market where such Common Stock is listed or traded,
including but not limited to any tier of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market), or the
NYSE American, or any successor to such markets. 

5 

h. SEC
Documents; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be
filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto
and documents (other than exhibits to such documents) incorporated by reference therein, being hereinafter referred to herein as the SEC
Documents ). As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934
Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at
the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. None of the statements made in any such SEC Documents is, or has been, required to be amended or updated under applicable
law (except for such statements as have been amended or updated in subsequent filings prior the date hereof). As of their respective dates,
the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting
requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved and fairly present
in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof
and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements,
to normal year-end audit adjustments). Except as set forth in the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents, the
Company has no liabilities, contingent or otherwise, other than (i) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business subsequent
to March 31, 2023, and (ii) obligations under contracts and commitments incurred in the ordinary course of business and not required under
generally accepted accounting principles to be reflected in such financial statements, which, individually or in the aggregate, are not
material to the financial condition or operating results of the Company. The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934
Act. The Company has never been a shell company as described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i). 

i. Absence
of Certain Changes . Since March 31, 2023, there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse development in the assets,
liabilities, business, properties, operations, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or 1934 Act reporting status of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

j. Absence
of Litigation. There is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government
agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened against
or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or their officers or directors in their capacity as such, that could have a Material
Adverse Effect. The SEC Documents contain a complete list and summary description of any pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened proceeding against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, without regard to whether it would have a Material
Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. 

k. Intellectual
Property. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses the requisite licenses or rights to use all patents, patent applications,
patent rights, inventions, know-how, trade secrets, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, service names, trade names and
copyrights Intellectual Property necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated
to be operated in the future); there is no claim or action by any person pertaining to, or proceeding pending, or to the Company s
knowledge threatened, which challenges the right of the Company or of a Subsidiary with respect to any Intellectual Property necessary
to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated in the future); to the best of the
Company s knowledge, the Company s or its Subsidiaries current and intended products, services and processes do not
infringe on any Intellectual Property or other rights held by any person; and the Company is unaware of any facts or circumstances which
might give rise to any of the foregoing. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the
secrecy, confidentiality and value of their Intellectual Property. 

l. No
Materially Adverse Contracts, Etc. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any charter, corporate or other legal
restriction, or any judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation which in the judgment of the Company s officers has or is expected
in the future to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any contract or agreement
which in the judgment of the Company s officers has or is expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6 

m. Tax
Status. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has made or filed all federal, state and foreign income and all other tax returns,
reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject (unless and only to the extent that the Company and each
of its Subsidiaries has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes) and
has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns,
reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith and has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for
the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid
taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know of no
basis for any such claim. The Company has not executed a waiver with respect to the statute of limitations relating to the assessment
or collection of any foreign, federal, state or local tax. None of the Company s tax returns is presently being audited by any taxing
authority. 

n. Transactions
with Affiliates. Except for arm s length transactions pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries makes
payments in the ordinary course of business upon terms no less favorable than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries could obtain
from third parties and other than the grant of stock options described in the SEC Documents, none of the officers, directors, or
employees of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than for
services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing
of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any
officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which
any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner. 

o. Disclosure. 
All information relating to or concerning the Company or any of its Subsidiaries set forth in this Agreement and provided to the Buyer
pursuant to Section 2(d) hereof and otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby is true and correct in all material
respects and the Company has not omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made herein or therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No event or circumstance has occurred or exists with respect
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its or their business, properties, prospects, operations or financial conditions, which,
under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company but which has not been so publicly
announced or disclosed (assuming for this purpose that the Company s reports filed under the 1934 Act are being incorporated into
an effective registration statement filed by the Company under the 1933 Act). 

p. Acknowledgment
Regarding Buyer s Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Buyer is acting solely in the capacity
of arm s length purchaser with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company further acknowledges
that the Buyer is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby and any statement made by the Buyer or any of its respective representatives or agents in connection
with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby is not advice or a recommendation and is merely incidental to the Buyer s
purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Buyer that the Company s decision to enter into this Agreement
has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the Company and its representatives. 

q. No
Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly
or indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would
require registration under the 1933 Act of the issuance of the Securities to the Buyer. The issuance of the Securities to the Buyer
will not be integrated with any other issuance of the Company s securities (past, current or future) for purposes of any
shareholder approval provisions applicable to the Company or its securities. 

7 

r. No
Brokers; No Solicitation. Except with respect to J. H. Darbie Co., a registered broker-dealer (CRD#: 43520), the Company has
taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions, transaction fees or similar payments relating
to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company acknowledges and agrees that neither the Buyer nor its employee(s),
member(s), beneficial owner(s), or partner(s) solicited the Company to enter into this Agreement and consummate the transactions described
in this Agreement. The Company represents and warrants that neither the Buyer nor its employee(s), member(s), beneficial owner(s), or
partner(s) is required to be registered as a broker-dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 in order to (i) enter into or consummate
the transactions encompassed by this Agreement, the Note, Warrant, and the related transaction documents entered into in connection herewith
(the Transaction Documents ), (ii) fulfill the Investor s obligations under the Transaction Documents, or (iii) exercise
any of the Buyer s rights under the Transaction Documents (including but not limited to the sale of the Securities). 

s. Permits;
Compliance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits,
easements, variances, exemptions, consents, certificates, approvals and orders necessary to own, lease and operate its properties and
to carry on its business as it is now being conducted (collectively, the Company Permits ), and there is no action pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened regarding suspension or cancellation of any of the Company Permits. Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or violation of, any of the Company Permits, except for any such conflicts,
defaults or violations which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Since
March 31, 2023, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notification with respect to possible conflicts, defaults
or violations of applicable laws, except for notices relating to possible conflicts, defaults or violations, which conflicts, defaults
or violations would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

t. Environmental Matters. 

(i) There
are, to the Company s knowledge, with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor of the Company, no past
or present violations of Environmental Laws (as defined below), releases of any material into the environment, actions, activities, circumstances,
conditions, events, incidents, or contractual obligations which may give rise to any common law environmental liability or any liability
under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 or similar federal, state, local or foreign laws
and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice with respect to any of the foregoing, nor is any action pending
or, to the Company s knowledge, threatened in connection with any of the foregoing. The term Environmental Laws means
all federal, state, local or foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including, without limitation,
ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws relating to emissions,
discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively,
 Hazardous Materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment,
storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands or demand letters,
injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations issued, entered, promulgated or approved
thereunder. 

(ii) Other
than those that are or were stored, used or disposed of in compliance with applicable law, no Hazardous Materials are contained on or
about any real property currently owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and no Hazardous Materials were released
on or about any real property previously owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries during the period the property
was owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except in the normal course of the Company s or any of its
Subsidiaries business. 

(iii) There
are no underground storage tanks on or under any real property owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that are
not in compliance with applicable law. 

8 

u. Title
to Property. The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property and good and marketable
title to all personal property owned by them which is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in each case free
and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as are described in the SEC Documents, or such as would not have a Material
Adverse Effect. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting
and enforceable leases with such exceptions as would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

v. Insurance. 
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks
and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries
are engaged. Neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance
coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business
at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Upon written request the Company will provide to the Buyer true and correct copies
of all policies relating to directors and officers liability coverage, errors and omissions coverage, and commercial general
liability coverage. 

w. Internal
Accounting Controls. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient, in the
judgment of the Company s board of directors, to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with
management s general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is
permitted only in accordance with management s general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets
is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. 

x. Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, agent, employee or other person acting
on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, in the course of his actions for, or on behalf of, the Company, used any corporate funds
for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; made any direct or indirect
unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; violated or is in violation of any provision
of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other
unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee. 

y. [Intentionally
Omitted] . 

z. No
Investment Company. The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement will not
be an investment company required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (an Investment Company ).
The Company is not controlled by an Investment Company. 

aa. No Off Balance
Sheet Arrangements . There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and
an unconsolidated or other off balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its 1934 Act filings and is not
so disclosed or that otherwise could be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

bb. No Disqualification
Events . None of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the
Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20 or more of the Company s outstanding voting equity
securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the 1933 Act) connected
with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person is subject to any of the Bad
Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the 1933 Act (a Disqualification Event ), except
for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer
Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. 

cc. Manipulation
of Price . The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has: (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action
designed to cause or to result, or that could reasonably be expected to cause or result, in the stabilization or manipulation of the price
of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation
for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any person any compensation for soliciting another
to purchase any other securities of the Company. 

9 

dd. Bank Holding
Company Act . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ). Neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5 or more of the outstanding shares of
any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25 or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the
BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates exercises a controlling influence
over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. 

ee. Illegal or
Unauthorized Payments; Political Contributions . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Company s knowledge,
any of the officers, directors, employees, agents or other representatives of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any other business
entity or enterprise with which the Company or any Subsidiary is or has been affiliated or associated, has, directly or indirectly, made
or authorized any payment, contribution or gift of money, property, or services, whether or not in contravention of applicable law, (i)
as a kickback or bribe to any person or (ii) to any political organization, or the holder of or any aspirant to any elective or appointive
public office except for personal political contributions not involving the direct or indirect use of funds of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries. 

ff. Breach of
Representations and Warranties by the Company. The Company agrees that if the Company breaches any of the representations or warranties
set forth in this Section 3 and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered
an Event of Default under Section 3.4 of the Note. 

4. ADDITIONAL COVENANTS, AGREEMENTS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS . 

a. Best
Efforts. The parties shall use their best efforts to satisfy timely each of the conditions described in Section 6 and 7 of this Agreement. 

b. Form
D; Blue Sky Laws . The Company agrees to file a Form D with respect to the Securities if required under Regulation D and to provide
a copy thereof to the Buyer promptly after such filing. The Company shall, on or before the Closing Date, take such action as the Company
shall reasonably determine is necessary to qualify the Securities for sale to the Buyer at the applicable closing pursuant to this Agreement
under applicable securities or blue sky laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption from such qualification),
and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Buyer on or prior to the Closing Date. 

c. Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall use the proceeds for working capital and business development, and not for any other purpose, including
but not limited to (i) the repayment of any indebtedness owed to officers, directors or employees of the Company or their affiliates,
(ii) the repayment of any debt issued in corporate finance transactions (including but not limited to promissory notes that have the ability
to be converted into Common Stock), (iii) any loan to or investment in any other corporation, partnership, enterprise or other person
(except in connection with the Company s currently existing operations), (iv) any loan, credit, or advance to any officers, directors,
employees, or affiliates of the Company, or (v) in violation or contravention of any applicable law, rule or regulation. 

d. Right of Participation and First Refusal . 

(i) Other
than arrangements that are in place or disclosed in SEC Documents prior to the date of this
Agreement, from the date of this Agreement until the Note is extinguished in its entirety, the Company will not, (i) directly or indirectly,
offer, sell, grant any option to purchase, or otherwise dispose of (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other
disposition of) any of its or its Subsidiaries debt, equity, or equity equivalent securities, including without limitation any
debt, preferred shares or other instrument or security that is, at any time during its life and/or under any circumstances, convertible
into, exchangeable, or exercisable for Common Stock (any such offer, sale, grant, disposition or announcement being referred to as a Subsequent
Placement or (ii) enter into any definitive agreement with regard to the foregoing, in each case unless the Company shall have
first complied with this Section 4(d). 

10 

(ii) The
Company shall deliver to the Buyer an irrevocable written notice (the Offer Notice of any proposed or intended Subsequent
Placement, which shall (w) identify and describe the Subsequent Placement, (x) describe the price and other terms upon which they are
to be issued, sold or exchanged, and the number or amount of the securities in the Subsequent Placement to be issued, sold, or exchanged
and (y) offer to issue and sell to or exchange with the Buyer at least one hundred percent (100 of the securities in the Subsequent
Placement (in each case, an Offer ). 

(iii) To
accept an Offer, in whole or in part, the Buyer must deliver a written notice (the Notice of Acceptance to the Company
prior to the end of the fifth (5 th Trading Day (as defined in the Note) after the Buyer s receipt of the Offer Notice
(the Offer Period ), setting forth the amount that the Buyer elects to purchase (the Subscription Amount ).
The Company shall complete the Subsequent Placement and issue and sell the Subscription Amount to the Buyer upon terms and conditions
(including, without limitation, unit prices and interest rates) set forth in the Offer Notice, unless a change to such terms and conditions
is agreed to in writing between the Company and Buyer. 

(iv) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, if the Company desires to modify or amend the terms or conditions of a Subsequent Placement
at any time after the Offer Notice is given to Buyer (provided, however, that such modification or amendment to the terms or conditions
cannot occur during any Offer Period), the Company shall deliver to the Buyer a new Offer Notice and the Offer Period of such new Offer
shall expire at the end of the fifth (5 th Trading Day after the Buyer s receipt of such new Offer Notice. 

e. Usury .
To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will
resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter
in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Buyer in order to enforce any right or remedy under this
Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained
in this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, it is expressly agreed and provided that the
total liability of the Company under this Agreement, the Note or any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby for payments
which under applicable law are in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the
 Maximum Rate ), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both
of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under applicable law in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to
pay under this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed
that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law applicable to this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument
contemplated thereby is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum
contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or
instrument contemplated thereby from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under
any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Buyer with respect to indebtedness
evidenced by this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, such excess shall be applied by
the Buyer to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to
be at the Buyer s election. 

f. Restriction
on Activities . Commencing as of the date first above written, and until the earlier of payment of the Note in full or full conversion
of the Note, the Company shall not, directly or indirectly, without the Buyer s prior written consent, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld: (a) change the nature of its business; or (b) sell, divest, acquire, change the structure of any material assets
other than in the ordinary course of business. 

g. Listing. 
The Company will, so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, maintain the listing and trading of its Common Stock on the Principal
Market or any equivalent replacement exchange or electronic quotation system (including but not limited to the Pink Sheets electronic
quotation system) and will comply in all respects with the Company s reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or
rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA and such exchanges, as applicable. The Company shall promptly
provide to the Buyer copies of any notices it receives from the Principal Market and any other exchanges or electronic quotation systems
on which the Common Stock is then traded regarding the continued eligibility of the Common Stock for listing on such exchanges and quotation
systems. 

11 

h. Corporate
Existence. The Company will, so long as the Buyer beneficially owns any of the Securities, maintain its corporate existence and shall
not sell all or substantially all of the Company s assets, except in the event of a merger or consolidation or sale of all or substantially
all of the Company s assets, where the surviving or successor entity in such transaction (i) assumes the Company s obligations
hereunder and under the agreements and instruments entered into in connection herewith and (ii) is a publicly traded corporation whose
Common Stock is listed for trading or quotation on the Principal Market, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market, the New York Stock Exchange
or the NYSE American. 

i. No
Integration. The Company shall not make any offers or sales of any security (other than the Securities) under circumstances that would
require registration of the Securities being offered or sold hereunder under the 1933 Act or cause the offering of the Securities to be
integrated with any other offering of securities by the Company for the purpose of any stockholder approval provision applicable to the
Company or its securities. 

j. Compliance
with 1934 Act; Public Information Failures. For so long as the Buyer beneficially owns the Note, Warrant, Commitment Shares, Conversion
Shares, or any Exercise Shares, the Company shall comply with the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act; and the Company shall continue
to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. During the period beginning on the date of this Agreement continuing so long
as the Buyer beneficially owns the Note, if the Company shall (i) fail for any reason to satisfy the requirements of Rule 144(c)(1), including,
without limitation, the failure to satisfy the current public information requirements under Rule 144(c) or (ii) if the Company has ever
been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) or becomes such an issuer in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition
set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (each, a Public Information Failure then, as partial relief for the damages to the Buyer by
reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Securities (which remedy shall not be exclusive of any other remedies
available pursuant to this Agreement, the Note, or at law or in equity), the Company shall pay to the Buyer an amount in cash equal to
three percent (3 of the Purchase Price on each of the day of a Public Information Failure and on every thirtieth day (pro rated for
periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter until the date such Public Information Failure is cured. The payments to which a holder
shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 4(j) are referred to herein as Public Information Failure Payments. Public Information
Failure Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during which such Public Information Failure Payments
are incurred and (iii) the third business day after the event or failure giving rise to the Public Information Failure Payments is cured.
In the event the Company fails to make Public Information Failure Payments in a timely manner, such Public Information Failure Payments
shall bear interest at the rate of 5 per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full. 

k. Acknowledgement
Regarding Buyer s Trading Activity . Until the Note is fully repaid or fully converted, the Buyer shall not effect any short
sale (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the 1934 Act) of the Common Stock which establishes a net short
position with respect to the Common Stock. 

l. Disclosure
of Transactions and Other Material Information . Within four (4) business days following the date this Agreement has been fully executed,
the Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K (if required) describing the terms of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
in the form required by the 1934 Act and including this Agreement, the form of Note, and the form of Warrant as exhibits thereto. 

m. Legal
Counsel Opinions . Upon the request of the Buyer from to time to time, the Company shall be responsible (at its cost) for promptly
supplying to the Company s transfer agent and the Buyer a customary legal opinion letter of its counsel (the Legal Counsel
Opinion to the effect that the resale of the Commitment Shares, Conversion Shares, and/or Exercise Shares by the Buyer or its
affiliates, successors and assigns is exempt from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act pursuant to Rule 144 (provided the requirements
of Rule 144 are satisfied and provided the Commitment Shares, Conversion Shares, and/or Exercise Shares are not then registered under
the 1933 Act for resale pursuant to an effective registration statement) or other applicable exemption (provided the requirements of such
other applicable exemption are satisfied). In addition, the Buyer may (at the Company s cost) at any time secure its own legal counsel
to issue the Legal Counsel Opinion, and the Company will instruct its transfer agent to accept such opinion. The Company hereby agrees
that it may never take the position that it is a shell company in connection with its obligations under this Agreement or
otherwise. 

12 

n. Piggy-Back
Registration Rights . The Company hereby grants to the Buyer the piggy-back registration rights set forth on Exhibit B hereto. 

o. [Intentionally
Omitted] . 

p. Subsequent
Variable Rate Transactions . From the date hereof until such time as the Note is fully converted or fully repaid, the Company shall
be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction 
means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or
exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or
exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock
at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is
subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified
or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into
any agreement, including, but not limited to, an Equity Line of Credit (as defined in the Note), whereby the Company may issue securities
at a future determined price. The Buyer shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance,
which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages. 

q. Non-Public
Information . The Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other person acting on its behalf will provide the Buyer or
its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material non-public information,
unless prior thereto the Buyer shall have consented to the receipt of such information and agreed with the Company to keep such information
confidential. The Company understands and confirms that the Buyer shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions
in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public information to the Buyer without such
Buyer s consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Buyer shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or affiliates, not to trade on the basis of,
such material, non- public information, provided that the Buyer shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice
provided, information provided, or any other communications made by the Company, to the Buyer, constitutes or contains material non-public
information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice or other material information
with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. In addition to any other remedies provided by this Agreement or the related transaction
documents, if the Company provides any material non-public information to the Buyer without their prior written consent, and it fails
to immediately (no later than that business day) file a Form 8-K disclosing this material non-public information, it shall pay the Buyer
as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty a sum equal to 3,000 per day beginning with the day the information is disclosed
to the Buyer and ending and including the day the Form 8-K disclosing this information is filed. 

r. D O
Insurance . Within 60 calendar days of the Closing, the Company shall purchase director and officer insurance on behalf of the Company s
(including its subsidiary) officers and directors for a period of 18 months after the Closing with respect to any losses, claims, damages,
liabilities, costs and expense in connection with any actual or threatened claim or proceeding that is based on, or arises out of their
status as a director or officer of the Company. The insurance policy shall provide for two years of tail coverage. 

s. No
Broker-Dealer Acknowledgement . Absent a final adjudication from a court of competent jurisdiction stating otherwise, the Company shall
not to any person, institution, governmental or other entity, state, claim, allege, or in any way assert, that Buyer is currently, or
ever has been, a broker-dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

t. Breach
of Covenants. The Company acknowledges and agrees that if the Company breaches any of the covenants set forth in this Section 4, in
addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of Default under Section
3.3 of the Note. 

13 

5. Transfer
Agent Instructions. The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to the Company s transfer agent to issue certificates and/or
issue shares electronically at the Buyer s option, registered in the name of the Buyer or its nominee, upon conversion of the Note
and/or exercise of the Warrant, the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares, and the Commitment Shares, in such amounts as specified from
time to time by the Buyer to the Company in accordance with the terms thereof (the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions ).
In the event that the Company proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Company shall provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement,
a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to this Agreement (including but not
limited to the provision to irrevocably reserved shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount (as defined in the Note)) signed by the
successor transfer agent to the Company and the Company. Prior to registration of the Commitment Shares, Conversion Shares, and/or Exercise
Shares under the 1933 Act or the date on which the Commitment Shares, Conversion Shares, and/or Exercise Shares may be sold pursuant to
Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of Securities as of a particular
date that can then be immediately sold, all such certificates or book entry shares shall bear the restrictive legend specified in Section
2(g) of this Agreement. The Company warrants that: (i) no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred
to in this Section 5 will be given by the Company to its transfer agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable
on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent provided in this Agreement and the Note; (ii) it will not direct its transfer
agent not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically or in certificated
form) any certificate for Securities to be issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note and/or upon exercise
of or otherwise pursuant to the Warrant as and when required by the Note and this Agreement; (iii) it will not fail to remove (or directs
its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw
any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Securities issued to the Buyer, including but not limited
to the Commitment Shares and upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note and/or upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to the
Warrant as and when required by the Note, Warrant, and/or this Agreement and (iv) it will provide any required corporate resolutions and
issuance approvals to its transfer agent within 6 hours of each conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant. Nothing in this
Section shall affect in any way the Buyer s obligations and agreement set forth in Section 2(g) hereof to comply with all applicable
prospectus delivery requirements, if any, upon re-sale of the Securities. If the Buyer provides the Company, at the cost of the Company,
with (i) an opinion of counsel in form, substance and scope customary for opinions in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public
sale or transfer of such Securities may be made without registration under the 1933 Act and such sale or transfer is effected or (ii)
the Buyer provides reasonable assurances that the Securities can be sold pursuant to 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable
exemption, the Company shall permit the transfer, and, in the case of the Securities, promptly instruct its transfer agent to issue one
or more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in such name and in such denominations as specified by the Buyer. The Company acknowledges
that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the
transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this
Section 5 may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section,
that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate
transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. 

6. Conditions
to the Company s Obligation to Sell. The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Note to the Buyer at the
Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions thereto, provided that these
conditions are for the Company s sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion: 

a. The Buyer shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Company. 

b. The Buyer shall have delivered the Purchase
Price in accordance with Section 1(b) above. 

c. The
representations and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the
Closing Date, as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the Buyer
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement
to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date. 

d. No
litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or
endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over
the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

14 

7. Conditions
to The Buyer s Obligation to Purchase. The obligation of the Buyer hereunder to purchase the Note, on the Closing Date, is subject
to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Buyer s
sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any time in its sole discretion: 

a. The Company shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Buyer. 

b. The
Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the duly executed Note in such denominations as the Buyer shall request and in accordance with
Section 1(b) above. 

c. The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the Warrant and Commitment Shares. 

d. The
Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer, shall have been delivered to and acknowledged
in writing by the Company s Transfer Agent. 

e. The
representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of Closing
Date, as though made at such time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the Company shall have
performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to
be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date. 

f. No
litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or
endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over
the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

g. No
event shall have occurred which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but not limited
to a change in the 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its 1934 Act reporting obligations. 

h. Trading
in the Common Stock on the Principal Market shall not have been suspended by the SEC, FINRA or the Principal Market. 

i. The
Company shall have delivered to the Buyer (i) a certificate evidencing the formation and good standing of the Company and each of its
Subsidiaries in such entity s jurisdiction of formation issued by the Secretary of State (or comparable office) of such jurisdiction,
as of a date within ten (10) days of the Closing Date and (ii) resolutions adopted by the Company s Board of Directors at a duly
called meeting or by unanimous written consent authorizing this Agreement and all other documents, instruments and transactions contemplated
hereby. 

8. Governing Law; Miscellaneous. 

a. Governing
Law; Venue . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to
principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be brought only in the state
courts located in Orange County, California or in the federal courts located in Orange County, California. The parties to this Agreement
hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based
on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE,
AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT
OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s
fees and costs. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action
or proceeding in connection with this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby
or thereby by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party
at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service
of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner
permitted by law. 

15 

b. Counterparts. 
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute
one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party.
A facsimile or .pdf signature shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and
effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile or .pdf signature. Delivery of a counterpart signature hereto by facsimile
or email/.pdf transmission shall be deemed validly delivery thereof. 

c. Construction;
Headings. This Agreement shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Buyer and shall not be construed against any
person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect
the interpretation of, this Agreement. 

d. Severability. 
In the event that any provision of this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement or instrument delivered in connection herewith is
invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that
it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove
invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, the Note,
or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby. 

e. Entire
Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement, the Note, and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor
the Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement or
any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the Buyer. 

f. Notices. 
All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and,
unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand
delivery, telegram, e-mail or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most
recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a)
upon hand delivery or delivery by e-mail or facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at
the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received),
or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice
is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed
to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be: 

If to the Company, to: 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

 520 White Plains Road, Suite 500 

 Tarrytown, NY 10591 

 Attention: Sean Folkson 

 e-mail: sean@nightfood.com 

If to the Buyer: 

FOURTH MAN, LLC 

 21520 Yorba Linda Blvd., Suite G PMB
335 

 Yorba Linda, CA 92887 

 e-mail: ed@fourth-man.com 

16 

g. Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns. The Company
shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Buyer. The Buyer may assign
its rights hereunder to any accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act) in a private transaction from
the Buyer or to any of its affiliates, as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Company. 

h. Third
Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and
assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person. 

i. Survival. 
The representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall survive the closing
hereunder notwithstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer. The Company agrees to indemnify and
hold harmless the Buyer and all their officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related to
any breach or alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement or any
of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred. 

j. Publicity. 
The Company, and the Buyer shall have the right to review a reasonable period of time before issuance of any press releases, SEC, Principal
Market or FINRA filings, or any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby; provided , however ,
that the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the Buyer, to make any press release or SEC, Principal Market (or other
applicable trading market) or FINRA filings with respect to such transactions as is required by applicable law and regulations (although
the Buyer shall be consulted by the Company in connection with any such press release prior to its release and shall be provided with
a copy thereof and be given an opportunity to comment thereon). 

k. Further
Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute
and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to
carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

l. No
Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their
mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. 

m. Indemnification .
In consideration of the Buyer s execution and delivery of this Agreement and acquiring the Securities hereunder, and in addition
to all of the Company s other obligations under this Agreement or the Note, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold
harmless the Buyer and its stockholders, partners, members, officers, directors, employees and direct or indirect investors and any of
the foregoing persons agents or other representatives (including, without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement) (collectively, the Indemnitees from and against any and all actions, causes of action,
suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether
any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys 
fees and disbursements (the Indemnified Liabilities ), incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, or arising out of, or relating
to (a) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company in this Agreement, the Note or any other
agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (b) any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation
of the Company contained in this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or
thereby or (c) any cause of action, suit or claim brought or made against such Indemnitee by a third party (including for these purposes
a derivative action brought on behalf of the Company) and arising out of or resulting from (i) the execution, delivery, performance or
enforcement of this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii)
any transaction financed or to be financed in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance of the Securities,
or (iii) the status of the Buyer or holder of the Securities as an investor in the Company pursuant to the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall make
the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities that is permissible under applicable law. 

17 

n. Remedies. 
The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by vitiating the intent
and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations
under this Agreement, the Note, the Warrant, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby
will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Agreement, the Note,
the Warrant, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, that the Buyer shall be entitled,
in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction
or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Agreement, the Note, the Warrant, or any other agreement, certificate,
instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof and thereof, without
the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. 

o. Payment
Set Aside . To the extent that the (i) Company makes a payment or payments to the Buyer hereunder, pursuant to the Note, pursuant to
the Warrant, or pursuant to any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, or (ii) the Buyer
enforces or exercises its rights hereunder, pursuant to the Note, pursuant to the Warrant, or pursuant to any other agreement, certificate,
instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or
any part thereof (including but not limited to the sale of the Securities) are for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to
be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, or disgorged by the Buyer, or (ii) are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise
restored to the Company, a trustee, government entity, receiver or any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation,
any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then (i) to the extent of any such restoration
the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such
payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred and (ii) the Company shall immediately pay to the Buyer a dollar
amount equal to the amount that was for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside,
recovered from, or disgorged by the Buyer, or (ii) required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, government
entity, receiver or any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal
law, common law or equitable cause of action). 

p. Failure
or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Buyer in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies of the Buyer existing hereunder are cumulative to,
and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the undersigned Buyer and the Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 SEAN FOLKSON 

Title: 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

FOURTH MAN, LLC 

By: 

Name: 
 EDWARD DEESE 

Title: 
 MANAGER 

SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT: 

Principal Amount of Note: 60,000.00 

 Actual Amount of Purchase Price of Note: 51,000.00 

19 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF NOTE 

[attached hereto] 

20 

EXHIBIT B 

PIGGY-BACK REGISTRATION RIGHTS 

All of the Conversion
Shares, Exercise Shares, and Commitment Shares shall be deemed Registrable Securities subject to the provisions of this
Exhibit B. All capitalized terms used but not defined in this Exhibit B shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Securities
Purchase Agreement to which this Exhibit is attached. 

1. Piggy-Back Registration . 

1.1 Piggy-Back
Rights . If at any time on or after the date of the Closing the Company proposes to file any Registration Statement under the 1933
Act (a Registration Statement with respect to any offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable
or exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for shareholders of the Company for
their account (or by the Company and by shareholders of the Company), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection with
any employee stock option or other benefit plan on Form S-8, (ii) for a dividend reinvestment plan, (iii) in connection with a merger
or acquisition, or (iv) solely for an Equity Line of Credit transaction with Mast Hill Fund, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, then
the Company shall (x) give written notice of such proposed filing to the holders of Registrable Securities appearing on the books and
records of the Company as such a holder as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date
of the Registration Statement, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such Registration Statement,
the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, of the offering, and
(y) offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such notice the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Registrable Securities
as such holders may request in writing within three (3) days following receipt of such notice (a Piggy-Back Registration ).
The Company shall cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such registration and shall cause the managing underwriter or underwriters
of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested to be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the
same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities
in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof (with the understanding that the Company shall file the initial prospectus
covering the Buyer s sale of the Registrable Securities at prevailing market prices on the same date that the Registration Statement
is declared effective by the SEC). 

1.2 Withdrawal .
Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holder s request for inclusion of Registrable Securities in any
Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand pursuant to written
contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement.
Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable Securities in connection
with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in Section 1.5 below. 

1.3 The
Company shall notify the holders of Registrable Securities at any time when a prospectus relating to such holder s Registrable Securities
is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, upon discovery that, or upon the happening of any event as a result of which, the prospectus
included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing.
At the request of such holder, the Company shall also prepare, file and furnish to such holder a reasonable number of copies of a supplement
to or an amendment of such prospectus as may be necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of the Registrable Securities,
such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing. The holders of Registrable Securities
shall not to offer or sell any Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement after receipt of such notification until the
receipt of such supplement or amendment. 

21 

1.4 The Company
may request a holder of Registrable Securities to furnish the Company such information with respect to such holder and such
holder s proposed distribution of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement as the Company may from
time to time reasonably request in writing or as shall be required by law or by the SEC in connection therewith, and such holders
shall furnish the Company with such information. 

1.5 All fees and
expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with this Exhibit B by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether or
not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing
sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses
of the Company s counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the SEC, (B)
with respect to filings required to be made with any trading market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, (C) in
compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without
limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the
Registrable Securities) and (D) with respect to any filing that may be required to be made by any broker through which a holder of
Registrable Securities intends to make sales of Registrable Securities with the FINRA, (ii) printing expenses, (iii) messenger,
telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) 1933 Act liability insurance, if the
Company so desires such insurance, (vi) fees and expenses of all other persons or entities retained by the Company in connection
with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit B and (vii) reasonable fees and disbursements of a single
special counsel for the holders of Registrable Securities (selected by holders of the majority of the Registrable Securities
requesting such registration). In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses incurred in connection
with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses
of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event
shall the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any holder of Registrable Securities. 

1.6 The
Company and its successors and assigns shall indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer, each holder of Registrable Securities, the officers,
directors, members, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person
holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each individual or entity who controls
the Buyer or any such holder of Registrable Securities (within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act)
and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally
equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such controlling individual
or entity (each, an Indemnified Party ), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all
losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively,
 Losses ), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
contained in a Registration Statement, any related prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in
any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any such prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or any
state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Exhibit B,
except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based upon information regarding the Buyer
or such holder of Registrable Securities furnished to the Company by such party for use therein. The Company shall notify the Buyer and
each holder of Registrable Securities promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any proceeding arising from or in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit B of which the Company is aware. 

22 

1.7 If the
indemnification under Section 1.6 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless for
any Losses, then the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is
appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or
omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company and
Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or
alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or
relates to information supplied by, the Company or the Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access
to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a
result of any Losses shall be deemed to include any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in
connection with any proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification
provided for in Section 1.6 was available to such party in accordance with its terms. It is agreed that it would not be just and
equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 1.7 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation
that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the
provisions of this Section 1.7, neither the Buyer nor any holder of Registrable Securities shall be required to contribute, in the
aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net proceeds actually received by such party from the sale of all of
their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement or related prospectus exceeds the amount of any damages that
such party has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged
omission. 

[End of Exhibit B] 

23 

</EX-10.50>

<EX-10.51>
 17
 f10k2023ex10-51_nightfood.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE WITH FOURTH MAN, LLC DATED AUGUST 28, 2023

Exhibit 10.51 

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF
THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED
OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,
OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE THE LEGAL COUNSEL OPINION (AS DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT)), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE
FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A OR REGULATION S UNDER SAID
ACT OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN
ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

Principal Amount: 60,000.00 
 Issue Date: August 28, 2023 
 
 Actual Amount of Purchase Price: 51,000.00 

PROMISSORY NOTE 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED ,
 NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. , a Nevada corporation (hereinafter called the Borrower or the Company (Trading
Symbol: NGTF), hereby promises to pay to the order of FOURTH MAN, LLC , a Nevada limited liability company, or registered assigns
(the Holder ), in the form of lawful money of the United States of America, the principal sum of 60,000.00 (the Principal
Amount (subject to adjustment herein), of which 51,000.00 is the actual amount of the purchase price hereof plus an original
issue discount in the amount of 9,000.00 (the OID (subject to adjustment herein) (the Principal Amount and to pay guaranteed interest on the unpaid Principal Amount hereof at the rate of fifteen percent (15 (the Interest Rate per annum through the Maturity Date (for the avoidance of doubt, the first twelve months of interest (equal to 9,000.00) shall be guaranteed
and earned in full as of the Issue Date) until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment
or otherwise, as further provided herein. The maturity date shall be twelve (12) months from the Issue Date (the Maturity Date ),
and is the date upon which the Principal Amount (which includes the OID) and any accrued and unpaid interest and other fees, shall be
due and payable. 

This Note may not be prepaid or repaid in whole or in part
except as otherwise explicitly set forth herein. 

Any Principal
Amount or interest on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of the lesser of (i) sixteen percent (16 per annum and (ii) the maximum amount permitted by law from the due date thereof until the same is paid Default Interest ).
Default Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. 

All payments due
hereunder (to the extent not converted into shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, of the Borrower (the Common Stock in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America. All payments shall be made at such
address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made in accordance with the provisions of this Note. Whenever
any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a business day, the same shall instead be due
on the next succeeding day which is a business day. 

Each capitalized
term used herein, and not otherwise defined, shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated
as of the Issue Date, pursuant to which this Note was originally issued (the Purchase Agreement ). As used in this Note,
the term business day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in the city of
New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed. As used herein, the term Trading Day 
means any day that shares of Common Stock are listed for trading or quotation on the Principal Market (as defined in the Purchase Agreement),
provided, however, that if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on any Principal Market, then any calendar day. 

This Note is free
from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other
similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. 

1 

The following terms shall also apply to this Note: 

ARTICLE I. CONVERSION RIGHTS 

1.1 Conversion Right .
The Holder shall have the right, on any calendar day, at any time on or following the earlier of the (a) date that is one hundred eighty
(180) calendar days after the Issue Date or (b) the date that a registration statement of the Company has been declared effective by
the SEC and such registration statement covers the Holder s resale of Common Stock underlying the Note, to convert all or any portion
of the then outstanding and unpaid Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) into fully paid and non-assessable
shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Borrower
into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified, at the Conversion Price (as defined below) determined as provided
herein (a Conversion ); by submitting to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent a Notice of Conversion (as defined
in this Note) by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable means of communication dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 11:59 p.m.,
New York, New York time; provided, however , that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the a Holder shall
not have the right to convert any portion of this Note, pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to
such issuance after conversion as set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, the Holder (together with the Holder s affiliates
(the Affiliates ), and any other Persons (as defined below) acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holder s
Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
(as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and
Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note with respect to which such
determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) conversion of the
remaining, nonconverted portion of this Note beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii)
exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company subject to a limitation on conversion
or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties.
Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1.1, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that
the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination as to any
group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 1.1, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may
rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic or annual report
filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice
by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request
of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Note, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be
4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. Person 
and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an
unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof. The limitations contained
in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Note. The number of Conversion Shares to be issued upon each conversion of
this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined below) by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect
on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Conversion ),
delivered to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent by the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note; provided that the
Notice of Conversion is submitted by facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected to result in, notice)
to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the Conversion
Date ). The term Conversion Amount means, with respect to any conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the Principal
Amount of this Note to be converted in such conversion plus (2) at the Holder s option, accrued and unpaid interest, if
any, on such Principal Amount at the Interest Rate to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at the Holder s option, Default Interest,
if any, on the amounts referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2). 

2 

1.2 Conversion Price. 

(a) Calculation
of Conversion Price. The per share conversion price into which Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) under
this Note shall be convertible into shares of Common Stock hereunder (the Conversion Price shall equal 0.033, subject
to adjustment as provided in this Note. If at any time the Conversion Price as determined hereunder for any conversion would be less than
the par value of the Common Stock, then at the sole discretion of the Holder, the Conversion Price hereunder may equal such par value
for such conversion and the Conversion Amount for such conversion may be increased to include Additional Principal, where Additional
Principal means such additional amount to be added to the Conversion Amount to the extent necessary to cause the number of conversion
shares issuable upon such conversion to equal the same number of conversion shares as would have been issued had the Conversion Price
not been adjusted by the Holder to the par value price. Holder shall be entitled to deduct 1,750.00 from the conversion amount in each
Notice of Conversion to cover Holder s fees associated with each Notice of Conversion. All such Conversion Price determinations
are to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, rights offerings, reclassification or similar
transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock. If the Company, at any time while this Note is outstanding:
(i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock
or any Common Stock Equivalents, (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including
by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues, in the event of a
reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Company, then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied
by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) outstanding
immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after
such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence shall become effective immediately after the record date
for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. Common Stock Equivalents means any securities
of the Company or the Company s subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

1.3 Authorized
and Reserved Shares. The Borrower covenants that at all times until the Note is satisfied in full, the Borrower will reserve from
its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of a
number of Conversion Shares equal to the greater of: (a) 10,050,000 shares of Common Stock or (b) the sum of (i) the number of Conversion
Shares issuable upon the full conversion of this Note (assuming no payment of Principal Amount or interest) at the time of such calculation
(taking into consideration any adjustments to the Conversion Price as provided in this Note) multiplied by (ii) three (3) (the
 Reserved Amount ). The Borrower represents that upon issuance, the Conversion Shares will be duly and validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable. The Borrower (i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer agent to issue certificates for
the Conversion Shares or instructions to have the Conversion Shares issued as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof, and (ii) agrees that
its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of executing stock
certificates or cause the Company to electronically issue shares of Common Stock to execute and issue the necessary certificates for the
Conversion Shares or cause the Conversion Shares to be issued as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof in accordance with the terms and
conditions of this Note. 

If, at any time, the
Borrower does not maintain the Reserved Amount, it will be considered an Event of Default (as defined in this Note) under this Note. 

1.4 Method of Conversion. 

(a) [Intentionally
Omitted] . 

(b) Surrender
of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in accordance with
the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid Principal
Amount is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the Principal Amount so converted and the dates of
such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower, so as not to require physical
surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, such records of the Holder shall, prima
facie, be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any portion of this Note
is converted as aforesaid, the Holder may not transfer this Note unless the Holder first physically surrenders this Note to the Borrower,
whereupon the Borrower will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note of like tenor, registered as the Holder
(upon payment by the Holder of any applicable transfer taxes) may request, representing in the aggregate the remaining unpaid Principal
Amount of this Note. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions
of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted Principal Amount of this Note represented
by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. 

3 

(c) Payment
of Taxes . The Borrower shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issue
and delivery of shares of Common Stock or other securities or property on conversion of this Note in a name other than that of the Holder
(or in street name), and the Borrower shall not be required to issue or deliver any such shares or other securities or property unless
and until the person or persons (other than the Holder or the custodian in whose street name such shares are to be held for the Holder s
account) requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Borrower the amount of any such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction
of the Borrower that such tax has been paid. 

(d) Delivery
of Common Stock Upon Conversion . Upon receipt by the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent from the Holder of a facsimile transmission
or e-mail (or other reasonable means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided in
this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates
for the Conversion Shares (or cause the electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof) within
two (2) Trading Days after such receipt (the Deadline (and, solely in the case of conversion of the entire unpaid Principal
Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) under this Note, surrender of this Note). If the Company shall fail for any reason
or for no reason to issue to the Holder on or prior to the Deadline a certificate for the number of Conversion Shares or to which the
Holder is entitled hereunder and register such Conversion Shares on the Company s share register or to credit the Holder s
balance account with DTC (as defined below) for such number of Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder s
conversion of this Note (a Conversion Failure ), then, in addition to all other remedies available to the Holder, (i) the
Company shall pay in cash to the Holder on each day after the Deadline and during such Conversion Failure an amount equal to 2.0 of the
product of (A) the sum of the number of Conversion Shares not issued to the Holder on or prior to the Deadline and to which the Holder
is entitled and (B) the closing sale price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the last possible date which the
Company could have issued such Conversion Shares to the Holder without violating this Section 1.4(d); and (ii) the Holder, upon written
notice to the Company, may void all or any portion of such Notice of Conversion; provided that the voiding of all or any portion of a
Notice of Conversion shall not affect the Company s obligations to make any payments which have accrued prior to the date of such
notice. In addition to the foregoing, if on or prior to the Deadline the Company shall fail to issue and deliver a certificate to the
Holder and register such Conversion Shares on the Company s share register or credit the Holder s balance account with DTC
for the number of Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder s exercise hereunder or pursuant to the Company s
obligation pursuant to clause (ii) below, and if on or after such Trading Day the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise)
shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise that the
Holder anticipated receiving from the Company, then the Company shall, within two (2) Trading Days after the Holder s request and
in the Holder s discretion, either (i) pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holder s total purchase price (including
brokerage commissions and other reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (the
 Buy-In Price ), at which point the Company s obligation to deliver such certificate (and to issue such Conversion Shares)
or credit such Holder s balance account with DTC for such Conversion Shares shall terminate, or (ii) promptly honor its obligation
to deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing such Conversion Shares or credit such Holder s balance account
with DTC and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of (A) such number
of shares of Common Stock, times (B) the closing sales price of the Common Stock on the date of exercise. Nothing shall limit the Holder s
right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without limitation, a decree of specific
performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to timely deliver certificates representing the Conversion
Shares (or to electronically deliver such Conversion Shares) upon the conversion of this Note as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

4 

(e) Obligation
of Borrower to Deliver Common Stock. At the time that the Holder submits the Notice of Conversion to the Borrower or Borrower s
transfer agent, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Conversion Shares issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding
Principal Amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest (including any Default Interest) under this Note shall be reduced to reflect
such conversion, and, unless the Borrower defaults on its obligations under this Article I, all rights with respect to the portion of
this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock or other securities, cash or other
assets, as herein provided, on such conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided herein, the Borrower s
obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for the Conversion Shares (or cause the electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares
as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof) shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder
to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or any
action to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation of the Borrower to the holder of record, or
any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to the
Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in connection
with such conversion. The Conversion Date specified in the Notice of Conversion shall be the Conversion Date so long as the Notice of
Conversion is sent to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time, on such date. 

(f) Delivery
of Conversion Shares by Electronic Transfer . In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Conversion Shares issuable
upon conversion hereof, provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company DTC Fast Automated Securities
Transfer or Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian programs, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions contained in Section
1.1 and in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Conversion
Shares issuable upon conversion hereof to the Holder by crediting the account of Holder s Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit
Withdrawal Agent Commission system. 

1.5 Concerning
the Shares . The Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless (i) such shares are
sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have been furnished
with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be the Legal Counsel Opinion (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)) to the effect that
the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration or (iii) such shares are
sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, or (iv) such shares are transferred
to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares only in accordance
with this Section 1.5 and who is an Accredited Investor (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). Except as otherwise provided in the Purchase
Agreement (and subject to the removal provisions set forth below), until such time as the Conversion Shares have been registered under
the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction
as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, each certificate for the Conversion Shares that
has not been so included in an effective registration statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an effective registration statement
or an exemption that permits removal of the legend, shall bear a legend substantially in the following form, as appropriate: 

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND
SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED
OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,
OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE THE LEGAL COUNSEL OPINION (AS DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT)), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE
FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A, REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT,
OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT
OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

5 

The legend set
forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue to the Holder a certificate for the applicable Conversion Shares without such
legend upon which it is stamped or (as requested by the Holder) issue the applicable Conversion Shares by electronic delivery by crediting
the account of such holder s broker with DTC, if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws: (a) such Conversion
Shares are registered for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to
Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular
date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) the Company or the Holder provides the Legal Counsel Opinion (as contemplated by and in
accordance with Section 4(m) of the Purchase Agreement) to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Conversion Shares may be
made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected.
The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance. The Holder agrees
to sell all Conversion Shares, including those represented by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance with
applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided by
the Holder with respect to the transfer of Conversion Shares pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, Rule 144A,
Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, at the Deadline, notwithstanding that the conditions of Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S,
or other applicable exemption, as applicable, have been met, it will be considered an Event of Default under this Note. 

1.6 Effect of Certain Events. 

(a) Effect
of Merger, Consolidation, Etc . At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Borrower, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower with or into any other Person (as defined
below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall either: (i) be deemed to be an Event of Default pursuant to which the Borrower
shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition to such transaction an amount equal to the Default
Amount (as defined in this Note) or (ii) be treated pursuant to Section 1.6(b) hereof. Person shall mean any individual,
corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization. 

(b) Adjustment
Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc . If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion of all of this
Note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event, as a result
of which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of another class or classes
of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this Note shall thereafter
have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified herein and in lieu
of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or assets which the Holder would
have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such transaction (without
regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect to the
rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions for adjustment
of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as
may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower shall not effectuate
any transaction described in this Section 1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable, at least thirty (30) days prior
written notice (but in any event at least fifteen (15) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special meeting of shareholders
to approve, or if there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization,
reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to convert this Note) and (b)
the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations of this Section 1.6(b).
The above provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges. 

(c) Adjustment
Due to Distribution. If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders
of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend or distribution to the
Borrower s shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary (i.e., a spin-off)) (a
 Distribution ), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note after the date of record
for determining shareholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would have been payable to the
Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been the holder of such shares of Common
Stock on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to such Distribution. 

6 

(d) Purchase
Rights. If, at any time when all or any portion of this Note is issued and outstanding, the Borrower issues any convertible securities
or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property (the Purchase Rights pro rata to the record holders
of any class of Common Stock, then the Holder of this Note will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights,
the aggregate Purchase Rights which such Holder could have acquired if such Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on conversion contained herein) immediately before the date on
which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the
record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights. 

(e) Dilutive
Issuance . If the Borrower, at any time while this Note or any amounts due hereunder are outstanding, issues, sells or grants (or has
issued, sold or granted as of the Issue Date, as the case may be) any option to purchase, or sells or grants any right to reprice, or
otherwise disposes of, or issues (or has sold or issued, as the case may be, or announces any sale, grant or any option to purchase or
other disposition), any Common Stock or other securities convertible into, exercisable for, or otherwise entitle any person or entity
the right to acquire, shares of Common Stock (including, without limitation, upon conversion of this Note, and any convertible notes or
warrants outstanding as of or following the Issue Date), in each or any case at an effective price per share that is lower than the then
Conversion Price (such lower price, the Base Conversion Price and such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive Issuance (it being agreed that if the holder of the Common Stock or other securities so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase
price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights
per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share
that is lower than the Conversion Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Conversion Price on such date
of the Dilutive Issuance), then the Conversion Price shall be reduced, at the option of the Holder, to a price equal to the Base Conversion
Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or other securities are issued. By way of example, and for the avoidance
of doubt, if the Company issues a convertible promissory note (including but not limited to a Variable Rate Transaction (as defined in
the Purchase Agreement)), and the holder of such convertible promissory note has the right to convert it into Common Stock at an effective
price per share that is lower than the then Conversion Price (including but not limited to a conversion price with a discount that varies
with the trading prices of or quotations for the Common Stock), then the Holder has the right to reduce the Conversion Price to such Base
Conversion Price (including but not limited to a conversion price with a discount that varies with the trading prices of or quotations
for the Common Stock) in perpetuity regardless of whether the holder of such convertible promissory note ever effectuated a conversion
at the Base Conversion Price. In the event of an issuance of securities involving multiple tranches or closings, any adjustment pursuant
to this Section 1.6(e) shall be calculated as if all such securities were issued at the initial closing. 

(f) Notice
of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events described
in Section 1.6 of this Note, the Borrower shall, at its expense and within one (1) calendar day after the occurrence of each respective
adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price, compute such adjustment or readjustment and prepare and furnish to the Holder a certificate
setting forth (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such time based upon the Dilutive Issuance, (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock
and the amount, if any, of other securities or property which at the time would be received upon conversion of the Note, (iii) the detailed
facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based, and (iv) copies of the documentation (including but not limited to relevant
transaction documents) that evidences the adjustment or readjustment. In addition, the Borrower shall, within one (1) calendar day after
each written request from the Holder, furnish to such Holder a like certificate setting forth (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such
time based upon the Dilutive Issuance, (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities or property
which at the time would be received upon conversion of the Note, (iii) the detailed facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is
based, and (iv) copies of the documentation (including but not limited to relevant transaction documents) that evidences the adjustment
or readjustment. For the avoidance of doubt, each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events described
in Section 1.6 of this Note shall occur without any action by the Holder and regardless of whether the Borrower complied with the notification
provisions in Section 1.6 of this Note. 

7 

1.7 [Intentionally
Omitted] . 

1.8 Status
as Shareholder. Upon submission of a Notice of Conversion by a Holder, (i) the Conversion Shares covered thereby (other than the Conversion
Shares, if any, which cannot be issued because their issuance would exceed such Holder s allocated portion of the Reserved Amount
or Maximum Share Amount) shall be deemed converted into shares of Common Stock and (ii) the Holder s rights as a Holder of such
converted portion of this Note shall cease and terminate, excepting only the right to receive certificates for such shares of Common Stock
and to any remedies provided herein or otherwise available at law or in equity to such Holder because of a failure by the Borrower to
comply with the terms of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Holder has not received certificates for all shares of Common
Stock prior to the tenth (10th) business day after the expiration of the Deadline with respect to a conversion of any portion of this
Note for any reason, then (unless the Holder otherwise elects to retain its status as a holder of Common Stock by so notifying the Borrower)
the Holder shall regain the rights of a Holder of this Note with respect to such unconverted portions of this Note and the Borrower shall,
as soon as practicable, return such unconverted Note to the Holder or, if the Note has not been surrendered, adjust its records to reflect
that such portion of this Note has not been converted. In all cases, the Holder shall retain all of its rights and remedies for the Borrower s
failure to convert this Note. 

1.9 Prepayment. 
At any time prior to the date that an Event of Default occurs under this Note, the Borrower shall have the right, exercisable on seven
(7) Trading Days prior written notice to the Holder of the Note, to prepay the outstanding Principal Amount and interest then due under
this Note in accordance with this Section 1.9. Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an Optional Prepayment Notice shall
be delivered to the Holder of the Note at its registered addresses and shall state: (1) that the Borrower is exercising its right to prepay
the Note, and (2) the date of prepayment which shall be seven (7) Trading Days from the date of the Optional Prepayment Notice (the Optional
Prepayment Date ). If this Note is convertible into Common Stock as of the date of Holder s receipt of the Optional Prepayment
Notice pursuant to Section 1.1 of this Note, the Holder shall have the right, during the period beginning on the date of Holder s
receipt of the Optional Prepayment Notice and until the Holder s actual receipt of the full prepayment amount on the Optional Prepayment
Date, to instead convert all or any portion of the Note pursuant to the terms of this Note, including the amount of this Note to be prepaid
by the Borrower in accordance with this Section 1.9. On the Optional Prepayment Date, the Borrower shall make payment of the amounts designated
below to or upon the order of the Holder as specified by the Holder in writing to the Borrower. If the Borrower exercises its right to
prepay the Note in accordance with this Section 1.9, the Borrower shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum
of: (w) 110 multiplied by the Principal Amount then outstanding plus (x) 110 multiplied by the accrued and unpaid interest on
the Principal Amount to the Optional Prepayment Date plus (y) 750.00 to reimburse Holder for administrative fees. 

If the Borrower delivers an Optional
Prepayment Notice and fails to pay the applicable prepayment amount due to the Holder of the Note as provided in this Section 1.9, then
the Borrower shall forever forfeit its right to prepay any part of the Note pursuant to this Section 1.9. 

1.10 Repayment
from Proceeds . If, at any time prior to the full repayment or full conversion of all amounts owed under this Note, the Company receives
cash proceeds from any source or series of related or unrelated sources, including but not limited to, from payments from customers, the
issuance of equity or debt, the conversion of outstanding warrants of the Borrower, the issuance of securities pursuant to an Equity Line
of Credit (as defined in this Note) of the Borrower or the sale of assets, the Borrower shall, within one (1) business day of Borrower s
receipt of such proceeds, inform the Holder of or publicly disclose such receipt, following which the Holder shall have the right in its
sole discretion to require the Borrower to immediately apply up to 35 of such proceeds to repay all or any portion of the outstanding
Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) then due under this Note. Failure of the Borrower to comply with this provision
shall constitute an Event of Default. Equity Line of Credit shall mean any transaction involving a written agreement between
the Company and an investor or underwriter whereby the Company has the right to put its Common Stock to the investor or
underwriter over an agreed period of time and at an agreed price or price formula (such Common Stock must be registered pursuant to a
registration statement of the Company for the investor s or underwriter s resale). Any repayment from proceeds prior to the
date that an Event of Default occurs under this Note, pursuant to this Section 1.10 of the Note, shall also include the prepayment premium
(110 provided for in Section 1.9 of this Note. 

8 

ARTICLE II. RANKING AND CERTAIN
COVENANTS 

2.1 Ranking
and Security . This Note shall have priority over all unsecured indebtedness of the Borrower incurred on or after the Issue Date and
shall rank pari passu with all unsecured indebtedness of the Borrower incurred prior to the Issue Date. 

2.2 Other
Indebtedness . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not (directly or indirectly through
any Subsidiary or affiliate) incur or suffer to exist or guarantee any unsecured indebtedness that is senior to or pari passu with (in
priority of payment and performance) the Borrower s obligations hereunder, except with respect to unsecured indebtedness issued
prior to the Issue Date which shall rank pari passu with this Note as provide in Section 2.1 of this Note. 

2.3 Distributions
on Capital Stock. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the Holder s
written consent (a) pay, declare or set apart for such payment, any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, property or other
securities) on shares of capital stock other than dividends on shares of Common Stock solely in the form of additional shares of Common
Stock or (b) directly or indirectly or through any subsidiary make any other payment or distribution in respect of its capital stock except
for distributions pursuant to any shareholders rights plan which is approved by a majority of the Borrower s disinterested
directors. 

2.4 Restriction
on Stock Repurchases and Debt Repayments. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not
without the Holder s written consent redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire (whether for cash or in exchange for property or other
securities or otherwise) in any one transaction or series of related transactions any shares of capital stock of the Borrower or any warrants,
rights or options to purchase or acquire any such shares, or repay any pari passu or subordinated indebtedness of Borrower. 

2.5 Sale
of Assets. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s written
consent, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets outside the ordinary course of business. Any consent
by the Holder to the disposition of any assets may be conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds of disposition. 

2.6 Advances
and Loans; Affiliate Transactions. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without
the Holder s written consent, lend money, give credit, make advances to or enter into any transaction with any person, firm, joint
venture or corporation, including, without limitation, officers, directors, employees, subsidiaries and affiliates of the Borrower, except
loans, credits or advances (a) in existence or committed on the Issue Date and which the Borrower has informed Holder in writing prior
to the Issue Date, (b) in regard to transactions with unaffiliated third parties, made in the ordinary course of business or (c) in regard
to transactions with unaffiliated third parties, not in excess of 100,000. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this
Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s written consent, repay any affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower
in connection with any indebtedness or accrued amounts owed to any such party. 

2.7 Section
3(a)(9) or 3(a)(10) Transaction . So long as this Note is outstanding, the Borrower shall not enter into any transaction or arrangement
structured in accordance with, based upon, or related or pursuant to, in whole or in part, either Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act
(a 3(a)(9) Transaction or Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act (a 3(a)(10) Transaction ). In the event that
the Borrower does enter into, or makes any issuance of Common Stock related to a 3(a)(9) Transaction or a 3(a)(10) Transaction while this
note is outstanding, a liquidated damages charge of 25 of the outstanding principal balance of this Note, but not less than 25,000,
will be assessed and will become immediately due and payable to the Holder at its election in the form of a cash payment or added to the
balance of this Note (under Holder's and Borrower's expectation that this amount will tack back to the Issue Date). 

2.8 Preservation of Business
and Existence, etc . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s
written consent, (a) change the nature of its business; (b) sell, divest, change the structure of any material assets other than in the
ordinary course of business; (c) enter into a Variable Rate Transaction; or (d) enter into any merchant cash advance transactions. In
addition, so long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall maintain and preserve, and cause each
of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its existence, rights and privileges, and become or remain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries
(other than dormant Subsidiaries that have no or minimum assets) to become or remain, duly qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction
in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary. 

9 

2.9 Noncircumvention .
The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate or Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws,
or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities,
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, and will at all
times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. 

2.10 Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Note . Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction
or mutilation of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company
in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute and deliver
to the Holder a new Note. 

ARTICLE III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

It shall be considered an event of default
if any of the following events listed in this Article III (each, an Event of Default shall occur: 

3.1 Failure
to Pay Principal or Interest. The Borrower fails to pay the Principal Amount hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note, whether
at maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, or fails to fully comply with Section 1.10 of this Note. 

3.2 Conversion
and the Shares. The Borrower (i) fails to issue Conversion Shares to the Holder (or announces or threatens in writing that it will
not honor its obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of
this Note, (ii) fails to transfer or cause its transfer agent to transfer (issue) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate
for the Conversion Shares issuable to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note,
(iii) fails to reserve the Reserved Amount at all times, (iv) the Borrower directs its transfer agent not to transfer or delays, impairs,
and/or hinders its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for the Conversion
Shares issuable to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, or fails to remove
(or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend
(or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Conversion Shares issued to the Holder upon
conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note (or makes any written announcement, statement or threat
that it does not intend to honor the obligations described in this paragraph) and any such failure shall continue uncured (or any written
announcement, statement or threat not to honor its obligations shall not be rescinded in writing) for two (2) Trading Days after the Holder
shall have delivered a Notice of Conversion, and/or (v) fails to remain current in its obligations to its transfer agent (including but
not limited to payment obligations to its transfer agent). It shall be an Event of Default of this Note, if a conversion of this Note
is delayed, hindered or frustrated due to a balance owed by the Borrower to its transfer agent. If at the option of the Holder, the Holder
advances any funds to the Borrower s transfer agent in order to process a conversion, such advanced funds shall be added to the
principal balance of the Note. 

3.3 Breach
of Agreements and Covenants. The Borrower breaches any covenant, agreement, or other term or condition contained in the Purchase Agreement,
this Note, Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, Warrant (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Warrant ), or in
any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith or therewith. 

3.4 Breach
of Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made in the Purchase Agreement, this Note, Irrevocable
Transfer Agent Instructions, Warrant, or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection
herewith or therewith shall be false or misleading in any material respect when made. 

3.5 Receiver
or Trustee. The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply for or
consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such a receiver or
trustee shall otherwise be appointed. 

3.6 Judgments. 
Any money judgment, writ or similar process shall be entered or filed against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower or any of
its property or other assets for more than 100,000, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty (20) days
unless otherwise consented to by the Holder, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. 

10 

3.7 Bankruptcy. 
Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief under any
bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower. 

3.8 Failure
to Comply with the 1934 Act. At any time after the Issue Date, the Borrower shall fail to comply with the reporting requirements of
the 1934 Act and/or the Borrower shall cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. 

3.9 Liquidation. 
Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business. 

3.10 Cessation
of Operations. Any cessation of operations by Borrower or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts as such
debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrower s ability to continue as a going concern 
shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due. 

3.11 Maintenance
of Assets. The failure by Borrower to maintain any material intellectual property rights, personal, real property or other assets
which are necessary to conduct its business (whether now or in the future). 

3.12 Financial
Statement Restatement. The restatement of any financial statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC for any date or period from
two years prior to the Issue Date of this Note and until this Note is no longer outstanding. 

3.13 Replacement
of Transfer Agent. In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide, prior to
the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount)
signed by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower. 

3.14 Cross-Default .
The declaration of an event of default by any lender or other extender of credit to the Company under any notes, loans, agreements or
other instruments of the Company evidencing any indebtedness of the Company (including those filed as exhibits to or described in the
Company s filings with the SEC), after the passage of all applicable notice and cure or grace periods. 

3.15 Variable
Rate Transactions . The Borrower consummates a Variable Rate Transaction at any time on or after the Issue Date. 

3.16 Inside
Information . Any attempt by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates to transmit, convey, disclose, or any actual
transmittal, conveyance, or disclosure by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates of, material non-public information
concerning the Borrower, to the Holder or its successors and assigns, which is not immediately cured by Borrower s filing of a Form
8-K pursuant to Regulation FD on that same date. 

3.17 Unavailability
of Rule 144 . If, at any time on or after the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date, the Holder is unable to (i)
obtain a standard 144 legal opinion letter from an attorney reasonably acceptable to the Holder, the Holder s brokerage
firm (and respective clearing firm), and the Borrower s transfer agent in order to facilitate the Holder s conversion of any
portion of the Note into free trading shares of the Borrower s Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144, and/or (ii) thereupon deposit
such shares into the Holder s brokerage account. 

3.18 Delisting,
Suspension, or Quotation of Trading of Common Stock . If, at any time on or after the Issue Date, the Borrower s Common Stock
(i) is suspended from trading, (ii) halted from trading, and/or (iii) fails to be quoted or listed (as applicable) on a Principal Market. 

11 

3.19 Market
Capitalization . The Borrower fails to maintain a market capitalization of at least 1,000,000 on any Trading Day, which shall
be calculated by multiplying (i) the closing price of the Borrower s Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the
respective date of calculation by (ii) the total shares of the Borrower s Common Stock issued and outstanding on the Trading
Day immediately preceding the respective date of calculation. 

3.20 Failure
to Pay an Amortization Payment . The Borrower fails to pay an Amortization Payment (as defined in this Note) when due as provided in
Section 4.16 of this Note. 

3.21 Rights
and Remedies Upon an Event of Default . Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default specified in this Article III, this Note shall
become immediately due and payable, and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount
equal to the Principal Amount then outstanding plus accrued interest (including any Default Interest) through the date of full repayment
multiplied by 150 (collectively the Default Amount ), as well as all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees and
expenses, of collection, all without demand, presentment or notice, all of which hereby are expressly waived by the Borrower. Holder may,
in Holder s sole discretion, convert all or any portion of this Note (including the Default Amount) into Common Stock pursuant to
the terms of this Note. If (i) any Event of Default specified in this Article III has occurred and (ii) the Holder is permitted to effectuate
a conversion under this Note pursuant to Section 1.1 of this Note, then the Holder may, in Holder s sole discretion, adjust the
Conversion Price to 0.001 per share of Common Stock (subject to adjustment as provided in this Note, including but not limited to appropriate
adjustments for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, rights offerings, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately
decreases or increases the Common Stock, or other adjustment as provided for in this Note). The Holder shall be entitled to exercise all
other rights and remedies available at law or in equity. 

ARTICLE IV. MISCELLANEOUS 

4.1 Failure
or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies of the Holder existing hereunder are cumulative to,
and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. 

4.2 Notices. 
All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and,
unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery,
telegram, e-mail or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently
by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand
delivery or delivery by e-mail or facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address
or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first
business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be
received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such
address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be: 

If to the Borrower, to: 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

 520 White Plains Road, Suite 500 

 Tarrytown, NY 10591 

 Attention: Sean Folkson 

 e-mail: sean@nightfood.com 

If to the Holder: 

FOURTH MAN, LLC 

 21520 Yorba Linda Blvd., Suite G PMB 335 

 Yorba Linda, CA 92887 

 e-mail: ed@fourth-man.com 

4.3 Amendments. 
This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder. The term Note 
and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument as originally executed, or if later amended
or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented. 

12 

4.4 Assignability. 
This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its successors
and assigns. The Borrower shall not assign this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Holder.
The Holder may assign its rights hereunder to any accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act) in a private
transaction from the Holder or to any of its affiliates , as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent
of the Borrower. Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note may be pledged as collateral in connection with a bona
fide margin account or other lending arrangement. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that
following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note represented by this Note may
be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. 

4.5 Cost
of Collection. If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection, including
reasonable attorneys fees. 

4.6 Governing
Law; Venue; Attorney s Fees. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada
without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated
by this Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be brought only in the state courts
located in Orange County, California or federal courts located in Orange County, California. The Borrower hereby irrevocably waives any
objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction
or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . THE BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO
REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby
or thereby by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party
at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of
process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner
permitted by law. The prevailing party in any action or dispute brought in connection with this the Note or any other agreement, certificate,
instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s
fees and costs. 

4.7 Certain
Amounts. Whenever pursuant to this Note the Borrower is required to pay an amount in excess of the outstanding Principal Amount (or
the portion thereof required to be paid at that time) plus accrued and unpaid interest plus Default Interest on such interest, the Borrower
and the Holder agree that the actual damages to the Holder from the receipt of cash payment on this Note may be difficult to determine
and the amount to be so paid by the Borrower represents stipulated damages and not a penalty and is intended to compensate the Holder
in part for loss of the opportunity to convert this Note and to earn a return from the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired upon conversion
of this Note at a price in excess of the price paid for such shares pursuant to this Note. The Borrower and the Holder hereby agree that
such amount of stipulated damages is not plainly disproportionate to the possible loss to the Holder from the receipt of a cash payment
without the opportunity to convert this Note into shares of Common Stock. 

4.8 Purchase
Agreement. The Company and the Holder shall be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement and the documents entered into
in connection herewith and therewith. 

4.9 Notice
of Corporate Events. Except as otherwise provided below, the Holder of this Note shall have no rights as a Holder of Common Stock
unless and only to the extent that it converts this Note into Common Stock. The Borrower shall provide the Holder with prior notification
of any meeting of the Borrower s shareholders (and copies of proxy materials and other information sent to shareholders). In the
event of any taking by the Borrower of a record of its shareholders for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to receive
payment of any dividend or other distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire (including by way of merger,
consolidation, reclassification or recapitalization) any share of any class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other
right, or for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to vote in connection with any change in control or any proposed
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Borrower, the Borrower shall mail a notice to the Holder, at least twenty (20) days prior
to the record date specified therein (or thirty (30) days prior to the consummation of the transaction or event, whichever is earlier),
of the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, right or other event, and a brief
statement regarding the amount and character of such dividend, distribution, right or other event to the extent known at such time. The
Borrower shall make a public announcement of any event requiring notification to the Holder hereunder substantially simultaneously with
the notification to the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Section 4.9. 

13 

4.10 Remedies. 
The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by vitiating the
intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach
of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Borrower of the
provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition
to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Note and to enforce
specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being
required. 

4.11 Construction;
Headings . This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and all the Holder and shall not be construed against any
person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation
of, this Note. 

4.12 Usury .
To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will
resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter
in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Holder in order to enforce any right or remedy under
this Note. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Note, it is expressly agreed and provided that the total liability
of the Company under this Note for payments which under the applicable law are in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum
lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate ), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any
rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under the applicable law in the nature
of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under this Note exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum contract
rate of interest allowed by applicable law and applicable to this Note is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental
action subsequent to the Issue Date, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to this
Note from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under any circumstances whatsoever,
interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Holder with respect to indebtedness evidenced by this the Note, such
excess shall be applied by the Holder to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner
of handling such excess to be at the Holder s election. 

4.13 Severability. 
In the event that any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law (including any judicial
ruling), then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to
conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Note. 

4.14 Additional
Exchange Rights . In addition to all other rights provided to the Holder under this Agreement, the Holder shall have an unlimited number
of exchange rights, which are options in Holder s sole discretion and not obligations, to exchange all or a portion of Holder s
Note into a Subsequent Placement (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (each a Subsequent Placement ). At the time of each
Subsequent Placement, the Holder would have the option of either (a) retaining all or a portion of the Note or one of the Subsequent Placements
into which the Holder previously exchanged into, or (b) exchanging all or a portion of the Note or such Subsequent Placement into which
the Holder previously exchanged into, into the next Subsequent Placement. 

4.15 Dispute
Resolution . In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount or
Default Amount, Issue, Closing or Maturity Date, the closing bid price, or fair market value (as the case may be) or the arithmetic calculation
of the Conversion Price or the applicable prepayment amount(s) (as the case may be), the Borrower or the Holder shall submit the disputed
determinations or arithmetic calculations via facsimile (i) within one (1) Trading Day after receipt of the applicable notice giving rise
to such dispute to the Borrower or the Holder or (ii) if no notice gave rise to such dispute, at any time after the Holder learned of
the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Borrower are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation
within one (1) Trading Day of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation (as the case may be) being submitted to the Borrower
or the Holder, then the Borrower shall, within one (1) Trading Day, submit (a) the disputed determination of the Conversion Price, the
closing bid price, the or fair market value (as the case may be) to an independent, reputable investment bank selected by the Borrower
and approved by the Holder or (b) the disputed arithmetic calculation of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount
or Default Amount, to an independent, outside accountant selected by the Holder that is reasonably acceptable to the Borrower. The Borrower
shall cause at its expense the investment bank or the accountant to perform the determinations or calculations and notify the Borrower
and the Holder of the results no later than one (1) Trading Day from the time it receives such disputed determinations or calculations.
Such investment bank s or accountant s determination or calculation shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable
error. 

4.16 Amortization
Payments . 

(a) In addition
to all other payment obligations under this Note, Borrower shall also make the following amortization payments (each an Amortization
Payment in cash to the Holder towards the repayment of this Note, as provided in the following table: 

Payment Date: 
 Payment Amount: 
 
 February 28, 2024 
 41,400.00 
 
 March 28, 2024 
 10,350.00 
 
 April 28, 2024 
 10,350.00 
 
 May 28, 2024 
 2,070.00 
 
 June 28, 2024 
 2,070.00 
 
 July 28, 2024 
 2,070.00 
 
 August 28, 2024 
 All remaining amounts owed under the Note 

[signature page follows] 

14 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , Borrower has caused
this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer on August 28, 2023. 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Name: Sean Folkson 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

15 

EXHIBIT A -- NOTICE OF CONVERSION 

The undersigned hereby elects
to convert _________ principal amount of the Note (defined below) into that number of shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant
to the conversion of the Note Common Stock as set forth below, of NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. , a Nevada corporation
(the Borrower ), according to the conditions of the promissory note of the Borrower dated as of August 28, 2023 (the Note ),
as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion, except for transfer taxes, if any. 

Box Checked as to applicable instructions: 

The Borrower shall electronically
transmit the Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned or its nominee with DTC through
its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system DWAC Transfer ). 

Name of DTC Prime Broker: 

Account Number: 

The undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a certificate
or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock set forth below (which numbers are based on the Holder s calculation attached
hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional space is necessary, on an attachment hereto: 

Date of Conversion: 

Applicable Conversion Price: 

Number of Shares of Common Stock to be Issued Pursuant to Conversion of the Note: 

Amount of Principal Balance Due remaining Under the Note after this conversion: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

</EX-10.51>

<EX-10.52>
 18
 f10k2023ex10-52_nightfood.htm
 COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT ISSUED TO FOURTH MAN, LLC DATED AUGUST 28, 2023

Exhibit 10.52 

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES
AS TO WHICH THIS SECURITY MAY BE EXERCISED HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION
OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT. THIS SECURITY AND THE
SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED
BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

 NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS,
INC. 

Warrant Shares: 650,000 

 Date of Issuance: August 28, 2023 Issuance
Date 

This COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant certifies that, for value received (in connection with the issuance of the promissory note in the principal amount of 60,000.00 to the
Holder (as defined below) of even date) (the Note ), Fourth Man, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company (including any permitted
and registered assigns, the Holder ), is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the
conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date of issuance hereof, to purchase from NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada
corporation (the Company ), 650,000 shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares (whereby such
number may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Warrant) at the Exercise Price per share then in
effect. This Warrant is issued by the Company as of the date hereof in connection with that certain securities purchase agreement dated
August 28, 2023, by and among the Company and the Holder (the Purchase Agreement ). 

Capitalized
terms used in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless otherwise defined in the body of this Warrant
or in Section 12 below. For purposes of this Warrant, the term Exercise Price shall mean 0.10, subject to adjustment as
provided herein (including but not limited to cashless exercise), and the term Exercise Period shall mean the period commencing
on the Trigger Date (as defined in this Warrant) and ending on 5:00 p.m. eastern standard time on the date that is five (5) years after
the Trigger Date. 

1. EXERCISE OF WARRANT . 

(a) Mechanics
of Exercise . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised in whole or in part
at any time or times during the Exercise Period by delivery of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the
 Exercise Notice ), of the Holder s election to exercise this Warrant. The Holder shall not be required to deliver
the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of
the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable
hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. On or before the second Trading Day (the Warrant
Share Delivery Date following the date on which the Holder sent the Exercise Notice to the Company or the Company s
transfer agent, and upon receipt by the Company of payment to the Company of an amount equal to the applicable Exercise Price multiplied
by the number of Warrant Shares as to which all or a portion of this Warrant is being exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price 
and together with the Exercise Notice, the Exercise Delivery Documents in cash or by wire transfer of immediately
available funds (or by cashless exercise, in which case there shall be no Aggregate Exercise Price provided), the Company shall (or direct
its transfer agent to) issue and deliver by overnight courier to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice, a certificate, registered
in the Company s share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the
Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise (or deliver such shares of Common Stock in electronic format if requested by the Holder).
Upon delivery of the Exercise Delivery Documents, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record
of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the certificates
evidencing such Warrant Shares. If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise and the number of Warrant Shares represented
by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired upon an exercise, then the Company
shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three business days after any exercise and at its own expense, issue a new Warrant
(in accordance with Section 6) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares purchasable immediately prior to such exercise
under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. 

1 

If the Company
fails to cause its transfer agent to issue to the Holder the respective shares of Common Stock by the respective Warrant Share Delivery
Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise in Holder s sole discretion in addition to all other rights and
remedies at law, under this Warrant, or otherwise, and such failure shall also be deemed an event of default under the Note, a material
breach under this Warrant, and a material breach under the Purchase Agreement. 

If the Market
Price of one share of Common Stock is greater than the Exercise Price, then the Holder may elect to receive Warrant Shares pursuant to
a cashless exercise, in lieu of a cash exercise, equal to the value of this Warrant determined in the manner described below (or of any
portion thereof remaining unexercised) by surrender of this Warrant and an Exercise Notice, in which event the Company shall issue to
Holder a number of Common Stock computed using the following formula: 

X = Y (A-B) 

 A 

Where X = 
 the number of Shares to be issued to Holder. 

Y = 
 the number of Warrant Shares that the Holder elects to purchase under this Warrant (at the date of such
calculation). 

A = 
 the Market
Price (at the date of such calculation). 

B = 
 Exercise Price
(as adjusted to the date of such calculation). 

(b) No
Fractional Shares . No fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant as a consequence of any adjustment pursuant
hereto. All Warrant Shares (including fractions) issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may be aggregated for purposes of determining
whether the exercise would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after aggregation, the exercise would result in the issuance
of a fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuance of any fractional share, pay the Holder otherwise entitled to such fraction
a sum in cash equal to the product resulting from multiplying the then-current fair market value of a Warrant Share by such fraction. 

2 

(c) Holder s
Exercise Limitations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not effect any exercise of this
Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise, to the extent
that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Exercise Notice, the Holder (together with the
Holder s affiliates (the Affiliates ), and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the
Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the
Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect
to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise
of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties
and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without
limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained
herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence,
for purposes of this Section 1(c), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules
required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined
in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section
1(c), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B)
a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Company s transfer agent
setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within
two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company,
including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock
outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor
holder of this Warrant. 

(d) Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise . In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Company s transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of this Warrant (including but not limited to Section 1(a) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the respective Warrant Share Delivery
Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holder s
brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which
the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In ), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder, within
one (1) business day of Holder s request, the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holder s total purchase price (including brokerage
commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the
Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving
rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent
number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to
the Holder within one (1) business day of Holder s request the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had
the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases, or effectuates
a cashless exercise hereunder for, Common Stock having a total purchase price of 11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted
exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of 10,000, under clause (A) of
the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be required to pay the Holder 1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written
notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount
of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity
including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to
timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

(e) Returnable
Warrant . This Warrant shall, without any further action by either party hereto, be cancelled and extinguished in its entirety if the
Note is fully extinguished (by repayment in cash and/or conversion into Common Stock) on or prior to November 11, 2023. 

3 

2. ADJUSTMENTS .
The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted from time to time as follows: 

(a) Distribution
of Assets . If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets)
to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including without limitation any distribution of cash,
stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement or other similar
transaction) (a Distribution ), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case: 

(i) any
Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares
of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution shall be reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record date, to a
price determined by multiplying such Exercise Price by a fraction (i) the numerator of which shall be the Closing Sale Price of the shares
of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution (as determined in good faith
by the Company s Board of Directors) applicable to one share of Common Stock, and (ii) the denominator of which shall be the Closing
Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date; and 

(ii) the
number of Warrant Shares shall be increased to a number of shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable immediately
prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive
the Distribution multiplied by the reciprocal of the fraction set forth in the immediately preceding clause (i); provided, however, that
in the event that the Distribution is of shares of common stock of a company (other than the Company) whose common stock is traded on
a national securities exchange or a national automated quotation system Other Shares of Common Stock ), then the
Holder may elect to receive a warrant to purchase Other Shares of Common Stock in lieu of an increase in the number of Warrant Shares,
the terms of which shall be identical to those of this Warrant, except that such warrant shall be exercisable into the number of shares
of Other Shares of Common Stock that would have been payable to the Holder pursuant to the Distribution had the Holder exercised this
Warrant immediately prior to such record date and with an aggregate exercise price equal to the product of the amount by which the exercise
price of this Warrant was decreased with respect to the Distribution pursuant to the terms of the immediately preceding clause (i) and
the number of Warrant Shares calculated in accordance with the first part of this clause (ii). 

4 

(b) Anti-Dilution
Adjustments to Exercise Price . If the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding,
shall sell or grant any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer,
sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Stock or securities (including but not limited to Common Stock
Equivalents) entitling any person or entity (for purposes of clarification, including but not limited to the Holder pursuant to (i) any
other security of the Company currently held by Holder, (ii) any other security of the Company issued to Holder on or after the Issuance
Date (including but not limited to the Note), or (iii) any other agreement entered into between the Company and Holder) to acquire shares
of Common Stock (upon conversion, exercise or otherwise), at an effective price per share less than the then Exercise Price (such lower
price, the Base Share Price and such issuances collectively, a Dilutive Issuance (if the holder of the Common
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, elimination of an applicable
floor price for any reason in the future (including but not limited to the passage of time or satisfaction of certain condition(s)), reset
provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued
in connection with such issuance, be entitled or potentially entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share
which is less than the Exercise Price at any time while such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are in existence, such issuance
shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance (regardless of whether the Common
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii)
actually converted or exercised at such Base Share Price), then the Exercise Price shall be reduced at the option of the Holder and only
reduced to equal the Base Share Price (the Exercise Price Adjustment ), and the number of Warrant Shares issuable hereunder
shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder, after taking into account the decrease in the Exercise Price,
shall be equal to the aggregate Exercise Price prior to such adjustment (the Warrant Share Adjustment (for the avoidance
of doubt, the aggregate Exercise Price prior to such adjustment is calculated as follows: the total number of Warrant Shares issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant immediately prior to such adjustment (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) multiplied
by the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment). By way of example, if E is the total number of Warrant Shares issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant immediately prior to such adjustment (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation), F is the Exercise
Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment, and G is the Base Share Price, the adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares can
be expressed in the following formula: Total number of Warrant Shares after such Dilutive Issuance = the number obtained from dividing
[E x F] by G. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued, regardless of whether the
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance
or (ii) actually converted or exercised at such Base Share Price by the holder thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, the Holder may utilize
the Base Share Price even if the Company did not actually issue shares of its common stock at the Base Share Price under the respective
Common stock Equivalents). The Company shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance of any
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 2(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable
reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice the Dilutive Issuance Notice ). For purposes
of clarification, regardless of whether (i) the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 2(b) upon the occurrence
of any Dilutive Issuance or (ii) the Holder accurately refers to the number of Warrant Shares or Base Share Price in the Exercise Notice,
the Holder is entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares based upon the Base Share Price as well as the Base Share Price at all times
on and after the date of such Dilutive Issuance. If a Dilutive Issuance occurs after the date that the Note is extinguished in the entirety,
then such Dilutive Issuance shall only result in the Exercise Price Adjustment and not the Warrant Share Adjustment (for the avoidance
of doubt, the Exercise Price Adjustment and Warrant Share Adjustment shall apply to every Dilutive Issuance that occurs on or prior to
the date that the Note is extinguished in the entirety). 

(c) Subdivision
or Combination of Common Stock . If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend,
recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Exercise
Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately
increased. If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or
more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such combination will be proportionately increased and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment
under this Section 2(c) shall become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective.
Each such adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be calculated to the nearest one-hundredth of a cent. Such adjustment shall be made successively
whenever any event covered by this Section 2(c) shall occur. 

5 

3. FUNDAMENTAL
TRANSACTIONS . If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company effects any merger of the Company with or into another
entity and the Company is not the surviving entity (such surviving entity, the Successor Entity ), (ii) the Company
effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or by another individual or entity, and approved by the Company) is completed pursuant to which holders
of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their shares of Common Stock for other securities, cash or property and the holders
of at least 50 of the Common Stock accept such offer, or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other
than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock) (in any such case, a Fundamental Transaction ),
then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive the number of shares of Common Stock of
the Successor Entity or of the Company and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration receivable
upon or as a result of such reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or disposition of assets by a holder of the number
of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such event (disregarding any limitation on exercise
contained herein solely for the purpose of such determination). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price
shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect
of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration
in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common
Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be
given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.
To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any Successor Entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall issue to the
Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holder s right to exercise such warrant into Alternate
Consideration. 

4. NON-CIRCUMVENTION .
The Company covenants and agrees that it will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or through any reorganization,
transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action,
avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at all times in good faith carry out
all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon the exercise of this
Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the
Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii)
shall, for so long as this Warrant is outstanding, have authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, three (3) times the number
of shares of Common Stock into which the Warrants are then exercisable into to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by
this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise). 

5. WARRANT
HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Warrant, in and of itself, shall not entitle
the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall
be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a
stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

6.
 REISSUANCE . 

(a) Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Warrant . If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company will, on such terms as to indemnity
or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof), issue a new
Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed. 

(b) Issuance
of New Warrants . Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new Warrant shall
be of like tenor with this Warrant, and shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the same as
the Issuance Date. 

6 

7. TRANSFER .
This Warrant shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its
successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the rights, interests or obligations of the Company hereunder
may not be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, by the Company without the prior signed written consent of
the Holder, which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Holder (any such assignment or transfer shall be null and void
if the Company does not obtain the prior signed written consent of the Holder). This Warrant or any of the severable rights and obligations
inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Holder hereunder may be assigned by Holder to a third party, in whole or in part, without
the need to obtain the Company s consent thereto. 

8. NOTICES .
Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance
with the notice provisions contained in the Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice (i) immediately
upon any adjustment of the Exercise Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, the calculation of such adjustment and (ii) at least 20
days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon the
shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any stock or other securities directly or indirectly convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or other property, pro rata to the holders of shares of Common Stock or
(C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that
such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to the Holder. 

9. AMENDMENT
AND WAIVER . The terms of this Warrant may be amended or waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively
or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 

10. GOVERNING
LAW AND VENUE . This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to
principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this
Warrant shall be brought only in the state courts located in Orange County, California or federal courts located in Orange County, California.
The parties to this Warrant hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall
not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER
TRANSACTION DOCUMENT ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY .
The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. In the event that any
provision of this Warrant or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute
or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified
to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect
the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process
and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Warrant or any other transaction document
entered into in connection with this Warrant by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence
of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under the Purchase Agreement and agrees that such service shall
constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any
right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

11. ACCEPTANCE . Receipt
of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions contained herein. 

7 

12. CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS . For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a) Closing
Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, (i) the last closing trade price for such security on the Principal Market,
as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or, if the Principal Market begins to
operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to
4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or (ii) if
the foregoing does not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market for such security as reported by Quotestream
or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or (iii) if no last trade price is reported for such security by
Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, the average of the bid and ask prices of any market
makers for such security as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder. If the Closing
Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security
on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. All such determinations to be appropriately
adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period. 

(b) Common
Stock means the Company s common stock, par value 0.001, and any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

(c) Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock,
including without limitation any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

(d) Person 
and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust,
an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof. 

(e) Principal
Market means the principal securities exchange or trading market where such Common Stock is listed or quoted, including but
not limited to any tier of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market), or the NYSE American,
or any successor to such markets. 

(f) Market
Price means the highest traded price of the Common Stock during the one hundred and fifty Trading Days prior to the date of
the respective Exercise Notice. 

(g) Trading
Day means any day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted on its Principal Market, provided, however, that if the Common
Stock is not then listed or quoted on any Principal Market, then any calendar day. 

(h) Trigger
Date means November 12, 2023. 

8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused
this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set forth above. 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

Name: 
 Sean Folkson 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

9 

EXHIBIT A 

EXERCISE NOTICE 

(To be executed by the registered holder to exercise
this Common Stock Purchase Warrant) 

The
Undersigned holder hereby exercises the right to purchase
 of
the shares of Common Stock Warrant Shares of NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Company ),
evidenced by the attached copy of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the Warrant ). Capitalized terms used herein and not
otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant. 

1. Form of Exercise Price . The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as (check one): 

a cash exercise with respect to Warrant Shares; or 

by cashless exercise pursuant to the Warrant. 

2. Payment of Exercise Price . If cash exercise is selected above, the holder shall pay the applicable Aggregate Exercise
 Price in the sum of 
 to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 

3. Delivery of Warrant Shares . The Company shall deliver to the holder Warrant Shares
in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 

Date: 

(Print Name of Registered Holder) 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

A- 1 

EXHIBIT B 

ASSIGNMENT OF WARRANT 

(To be signed only upon authorized
transfer of the Warrant) 

For
Value Received , the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto 
 the right to purchase 
 shares of common stock of NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., to which the within Common Stock Purchase Warrant relates and appoints ,
as attorney-in-fact, to transfer said right on the books of NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. with full power of substitution and re-substitution
in the premises. By accepting such transfer, the transferee has agreed to be bound in all respects by the terms and conditions of the
within Warrant. 

Dated: 

(Signature) 

(Name) 

(Address) 

(Social Security or Tax Identification No.) 

The signature on this Assignment of Warrant must correspond
to the name as written upon the face of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any
change whatsoever. When signing on behalf of a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity, please indicate your position(s) and
title(s) with such entity. 

B-1 

</EX-10.52>

<EX-10.53>
 19
 f10k2023ex10-53_nightfood.htm
 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT WITH MAST HILL, L.P. DATED OCTOBER 6, 2023

Exhibit 10.53 

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This SECURITIES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), dated as of October 5, 2023, by and between NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. , a Nevada corporation,
with headquarters located at 520 White Plains Road, Suite 500, Tarrytown, New York 10591 (the Company ), and MAST HILL
FUND, L.P. , a Delaware limited partnership, with its address at 48 Parker Road, Wellesley, MA 02482 (the Buyer ). 

WHEREAS : 

A. The
Company and the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded
by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act and Rule 506(b) promulgated by the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the 1933 Act; 

B. Buyer
desires to purchase from the Company, and the Company desires to issue and sell to the Buyer, upon the terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement, a secured promissory note of the Company, in the aggregate principal amount of 62,000.00 (as the principal amount
thereof may be increased pursuant to the terms thereof, and together with any note(s) issued in replacement thereof or as a dividend thereon
or otherwise with respect thereto in accordance with the terms thereof, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A , the Note ),
convertible into shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, of the Company (the Common Stock ), upon the terms and
subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such Note; 

C. In
connection with the execution of this Agreement, the Company and the Buyer are also entering into that certain amendment to the security
agreement dated on or around June 1, 2023 (the Security Amendment ), amendment to the pledge agreement dated on or around
June 1, 2023 (the Pledge Amendment ), and amendment to the guarantee agreement dated on or around June 1, 2023 (the Guarantee
Amendment ); 

D. The
Buyer wishes to purchase, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, such principal amount of the Note as is set forth immediately
below its name on the signature pages hereto. 

NOW THEREFORE , in
consideration of the foregoing and of the agreements and covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Buyer hereby agree as follows: 

1. Purchase and Sale of Note. 

a. Purchase
of Note. On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer, and the Buyer agrees to purchase from
the Company, the Note, as further provided herein. As used in this Agreement, the term business day shall mean any day other
than a Saturday, Sunday, or a day on which commercial banks in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive
order to remain closed. 

b. Form of Payment. On the Closing Date: (i) the Buyer shall pay the purchase price of 52,700.00 (the Purchase Price for the Note, to be issued and sold to it at the Closing (as defined below), by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company, in accordance with the Company s written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Note, and (ii) the Company shall deliver such duly executed Note on behalf of the Company, to the Buyer, against delivery of such Purchase Price. On the Closing, the Buyer shall withhold a non-accountable sum of 2,500.00 from the Purchase Price to cover the Buyer s legal fees in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

c. Closing
Date. Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions thereto set forth in Section 6 and Section 7 below, the date
and time of the issuance and sale of the Note pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date shall be on the date that the
Purchase Price for the Note is paid by Buyer pursuant to terms of this Agreement. 

d. Closing .
The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing shall occur on the Closing Date at such location
as may be agreed to by the parties (including via exchange of electronic signatures). 

1 

2. Buyer s
Representations and Warranties. The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company as of the Closing Date that: 

a. Investment
Purpose. As of the Closing Date, the Buyer is purchasing the Note (the Note, and shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
or otherwise pursuant to the Note (the Conversion Shares shall collectively be referred to herein as the Securities for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or
exempted from registration under the 1933 Act; provided , however , that by making the representations herein, the Buyer does
not agree to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at
any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration statement or an exemption under the 1933 Act. 

b. Accredited
Investor Status. The Buyer is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D (an Accredited
Investor ). 

c. Reliance
on Exemptions. The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions from
the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy
of, and the Buyer s compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Buyer
set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Buyer to acquire the Securities. 

d. Information. 
The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remains outstanding will continue to be, furnished with all
materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities
which have been requested by the Buyer or its advisors. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remains
outstanding will continue to be, afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company regarding its business and affairs. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Buyer any material nonpublic information regarding the Company or otherwise and will
not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to or promptly following such disclosure to the
Buyer. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigation conducted by Buyer or any of its advisors or representatives shall
modify, amend or affect Buyer s right to rely on the Company s representations and warranties contained in Section 3 below. 

e. Governmental
Review. The Buyer understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed
upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities. 

2 

f. Transfer or Re-sale. The Buyer
understands that (i) the sale or resale of the Securities has not been and is not being registered under the 1933 Act or any
applicable state securities laws, and the Securities may not be transferred unless (a) the Securities are sold pursuant to an
effective registration statement under the 1933 Act, (b) the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Company,
an opinion of counsel (which may be the Legal Counsel Opinion (as defined below)) that shall be in form, substance and scope
customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions to the effect that the Securities to be sold or transferred may be sold
or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company, (c) the Securities
are sold or transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) Rule 144 )) of the Buyer who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the Securities only in accordance with this Section
2(f) and who is an Accredited Investor, (d) the Securities are sold pursuant to Rule 144 or other applicable exemption, or (e) the
Securities are sold pursuant to Regulation S under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) Regulation S ), and the Buyer
shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Company, an opinion of counsel that shall be in form, substance and scope
customary for opinions of counsel in corporate transactions, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company; (ii) any sale of such
Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in accordance with the terms of said Rule and further, if said Rule is not
applicable, any re-sale of such Securities under circumstances in which the seller (or the person through whom the sale is made) may
be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term is defined in the 1933 Act) may require compliance with some other exemption under the
1933 Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder; and (iii) neither the Company nor any other person is under any
obligation to register such Securities under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of
any exemption thereunder (in each case). Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else contained herein to the contrary, the
Securities may be pledged in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement secured by the
Securities, and such pledge of Securities shall not be deemed to be a transfer, sale or assignment of the Securities hereunder, and
the Buyer in effecting such pledge of Securities shall be not required to provide the Company with any notice thereof or otherwise
make any delivery to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise. 

g. Legends. 
The Buyer understands that until such time as the Note and Conversion Shares have been registered under the 1933 Act or may be sold pursuant
to Rule 144, Rule 144A under the 1933 Act, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities
as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, the Securities may bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following
form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of such Securities): 

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE [CONVERTIBLE/EXERCISABLE] HAVE BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED
OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,
OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT
REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A, REGULATION S, OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION UNDER SAID ACT.
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING
ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

The legend set forth above
shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate or book entry statement for the applicable shares of Common Stock without such
legend to the holder of any Security upon which it is stamped or (as requested by such holder) issue the applicable shares of Common Stock
to such holder by electronic delivery by crediting the account of such holder s broker with The Depository Trust Company DTC ),
if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws, (a) such Security is registered for sale under an effective registration
statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption
without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) the Company or
the Buyer provides the Legal Counsel Opinion (as contemplated by and in accordance with Section 4(m) hereof) to the effect that a public
sale or transfer of such Security may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company
so that the sale or transfer is effected. The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its transfer agent and all DTC fees associated
with any such issuance. The Buyer agrees to sell all Securities, including those represented by a certificate(s) from which the legend
has been removed, in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In the event that the Company does not accept
the opinion of counsel provided by the Buyer with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration, such
as Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption at the Deadline (as defined in the Note), it will be considered an
Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note. 

3 

h. Authorization; Enforcement. This
Agreement has been duly and validly authorized by the Buyer and has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Buyer, and
this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as
enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors 
rights generally and except as may be limited by the exercise of judicial discretion in applying principles of equity. 

3. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer as of the Closing Date that: 

a. Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below), if any, is a corporation duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, with full power and authority (corporate and other)
to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated and conducted.
Schedule 3(a), if attached hereto, sets forth a list of all of the Subsidiaries of the Company and the jurisdiction in which each is incorporated.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction
in which its ownership or use of property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary except where
the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Material Adverse Effect means
any material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, financial condition or prospects of the Company or its Subsidiaries,
if any, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements or instruments to be entered into in connection
herewith. Subsidiaries means any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, in which the
Company owns, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest. 

b. Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, the Note, and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the Securities, in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof,
(ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Note, and Conversion Shares by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby (including without limitation, the issuance of the Note, as well as the issuance and reservation for issuance
of the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) have been duly authorized by the Company s Board of Directors and
no further consent or authorization of the Company, its Board of Directors, its shareholders, or its debt holders is required, (iii) this
Agreement and the Note (together with any other instruments executed in connection herewith or therewith) have been duly executed and
delivered by the Company by its authorized representative, and such authorized representative is the true and official representative
with authority to sign this Agreement, the Note and the other instruments documents executed in connection herewith or therewith and bind
the Company accordingly, and (iv) this Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and delivery by the Company of the Note, each of such
instruments will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with
their terms. 

c. Capitalization;
Governing Documents. As of October 5, 2023, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of: 200,000,000 authorized shares
of Common Stock, of which 126,921,301 shares were issued and outstanding, and 1,005,000 authorized shares of preferred stock, of which
1,000 shares of Series A preferred stock and 2,300 shares of Series B preferred stock were issued and outstanding. All of such outstanding
shares of capital stock of the Company and the Conversion Shares are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable. No shares of capital stock of the Company are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights of the
shareholders of the Company or any liens or encumbrances imposed through the actions or failure to act of the Company. As of the effective
date of this Agreement, other than as publicly announced prior to such date and reflected in the SEC Documents of the Company (i) there
are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe for, puts, calls, rights of first refusal, agreements, understandings,
claims or other commitments or rights of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable
for any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) there are no agreements
or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of its or their securities
under the 1933 Act and (iii) there are no anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions contained in any security issued by the Company
(or in any agreement providing rights to security holders) that will be triggered by the issuance of any of the Securities. The Company
has furnished or made available (which may be through the SEC Documents) to the Buyer true and correct copies of the Company s Certificate
of Incorporation as in effect on the date hereof Certificate of Incorporation ), the Company s By-laws, as in effect
on the date hereof (the By-laws ), and the terms of all securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock of the
Company and the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto. 

4 

d. Issuance
of Conversion Shares. The Conversion Shares are duly authorized and reserved for issuance (or will be reserved for issuance as provided
in the Note) and, upon conversion of the Note in accordance with its terms, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and
free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or
other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. 

e. [Intentionally
Omitted] . 

f. Acknowledgment
of Dilution. The Company understands and acknowledges the potentially dilutive effect of the Conversion Shares to the Common Stock
upon the conversion of the Note. The Company further acknowledges that its obligation to issue, upon conversion of the Note, the Conversion
Shares in accordance with the terms thereof, are absolute and unconditional regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have
on the ownership interests of other shareholders of the Company. 

g. Ranking;
No Conflicts. Once the Company pays the Final Settlement Payments (as defined in this Agreement), the Note shall have priority in
payment and performance over all indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries, as further provided in that certain Security Amendment
entered into between the Company, the Subsidiaries, and the Buyer on the date of this Agreement, a form of which is attached hereto as
 Exhibit C . The Company represents and warrants that, once the Company pays the Final Settlement Payments, there will be no security
interests in, or liens on, the Company s assets except as created in favor of the Buyer under the Security Amendment. The execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Note by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares) will not (i) conflict
with or result in a violation of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws, or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result
in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could become a default)
under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, note, evidence of indebtedness,
indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation
of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations and regulations of
any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company or its securities is subject) applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults,
terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect), or (iv) trigger any anti-dilution and/or ratchet provision contained in any other contract in which the Company is a
party thereto or any security issued by the Company. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of its Certificate
of Incorporation, By-laws or other organizational documents and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default (and no
event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time or both could put the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in default) under, and
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any action or failed to take any action that would give to others any rights
of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party or by which any property or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected, except for
possible defaults as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The businesses of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, if any, are not being conducted, and shall not be conducted so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, in violation
of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity. Except as specifically contemplated by this Agreement and as required
under the 1933 Act and any applicable state securities laws, the Company is not required to obtain any consent, authorization or order
of, or make any filing or registration with, any court, governmental agency, regulatory agency, self-regulatory organization or stock
market or any third party in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement and the Note in accordance
with the terms hereof or thereof or to issue and sell the Note in accordance with the terms hereof and, upon conversion of the Note, issue
Conversion Shares. All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the Company is required to obtain pursuant to
the preceding sentence have been obtained or effected on or prior to the date hereof. The Company is not in violation of the listing requirements
of the Principal Market (as defined herein) and does not reasonably anticipate that the Common Stock will be delisted by the Principal
Market in the foreseeable future. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to
any of the foregoing. The Principal Market shall mean the principal securities exchange or trading market where such Common
Stock is listed or traded, including but not limited to any tier of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ
Capital Market), or the NYSE American, or any successor to such markets. 

5 

h. SEC
Documents; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be
filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto
and documents (other than exhibits to such documents) incorporated by reference therein, being hereinafter referred to herein as the SEC
Documents ). As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934
Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at
the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. None of the statements made in any such SEC Documents is, or has been, required to be amended or updated under applicable
law (except for such statements as have been amended or updated in subsequent filings prior the date hereof). As of their respective dates,
the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting
requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved and fairly present
in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof
and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements,
to normal year-end audit adjustments). Except as set forth in the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents, the
Company has no liabilities, contingent or otherwise, other than (i) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business subsequent
to March 31, 2023, and (ii) obligations under contracts and commitments incurred in the ordinary course of business and not required under
generally accepted accounting principles to be reflected in such financial statements, which, individually or in the aggregate, are not
material to the financial condition or operating results of the Company. The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934
Act. The Company has never been a shell company as described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i). 

i. Absence
of Certain Changes . Since March 31, 2023, there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse development in the assets,
liabilities, business, properties, operations, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or 1934 Act reporting status of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

j. Absence
of Litigation. There is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government
agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened against
or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or their officers or directors in their capacity as such, that could have a Material
Adverse Effect. With the exception of a certain pending lawsuit filed June 2, 2022 titled Jose Meija vs. Nightfood Inc. regarding the
accessibility of the Nightfood.com website for consumers with visual impairments, which the Company believes is part of a coordinated
effort on behalf of certain law firms to use the Americans with Disabilities Act to extort settlements from companies that conduct commerce
online, and which the Company has retained counsel and expects to settle for between 10,000 and 16,000, the SEC Documents contain a
complete list and summary description of any pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened proceeding against or affecting the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, without regard to whether it would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries
are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. 

k. Intellectual
Property. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses the requisite licenses or rights to use all patents, patent applications,
patent rights, inventions, know-how, trade secrets, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, service names, trade names and
copyrights Intellectual Property necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated
to be operated in the future); there is no claim or action by any person pertaining to, or proceeding pending, or to the Company s
knowledge threatened, which challenges the right of the Company or of a Subsidiary with respect to any Intellectual Property necessary
to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated in the future); to the best of the
Company s knowledge, the Company s or its Subsidiaries current and intended products, services and processes do not
infringe on any Intellectual Property or other rights held by any person; and the Company is unaware of any facts or circumstances which
might give rise to any of the foregoing. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the
secrecy, confidentiality and value of their Intellectual Property. 

6 

l. No
Materially Adverse Contracts, Etc. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any charter, corporate or other legal
restriction, or any judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation which in the judgment of the Company s officers has or is expected
in the future to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any contract or agreement
which in the judgment of the Company s officers has or is expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

m. Tax
Status. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has made or filed all federal, state and foreign income and all other tax returns,
reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject (unless and only to the extent that the Company and each
of its Subsidiaries has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes) and
has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns,
reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith and has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for
the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid
taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know of no
basis for any such claim. The Company has not executed a waiver with respect to the statute of limitations relating to the assessment
or collection of any foreign, federal, state or local tax. None of the Company s tax returns is presently being audited by any taxing
authority. 

n. Transactions
with Affiliates. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents or for arm s length transactions pursuant to which the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries makes payments in the ordinary course of business upon terms no less favorable than the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries could obtain from third parties and other than the grant of stock options described in the SEC Documents, none of the officers,
directors, or employees of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than
for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing
of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer,
director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which any officer,
director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner. 

o. Disclosure. 
All information relating to or concerning the Company or any of its Subsidiaries set forth in this Agreement and provided to the Buyer
pursuant to Section 2(d) hereof and otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby is true and correct in all material
respects and the Company has not omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made herein or therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No event or circumstance has occurred or exists with respect
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its or their business, properties, prospects, operations or financial conditions, which,
under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company but which has not been so publicly
announced or disclosed (assuming for this purpose that the Company s reports filed under the 1934 Act are being incorporated into
an effective registration statement filed by the Company under the 1933 Act). 

p. Acknowledgment
Regarding Buyer s Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Buyer is acting solely in the capacity
of arm s length purchaser with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company further acknowledges
that the Buyer is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby and any statement made by the Buyer or any of its respective representatives or agents in connection
with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby is not advice or a recommendation and is merely incidental to the Buyer s
purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Buyer that the Company s decision to enter into this Agreement
has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the Company and its representatives. 

q. No
Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly or
indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would require
registration under the 1933 Act of the issuance of the Securities to the Buyer. The issuance of the Securities
to the Buyer will not be integrated with any other issuance of the Company s securities (past, current or future) for purposes of
any shareholder approval provisions applicable to the Company or its securities. 

7 

r. No
Brokers; No Solicitation. Except with respect to J. H. Darbie Co., a registered broker-dealer (CRD#: 43520), the Company has
taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions, transaction fees or similar payments relating
to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company acknowledges and agrees that neither the Buyer nor its employee(s),
member(s), beneficial owner(s), or partner(s) solicited the Company to enter into this Agreement and consummate the transactions described
in this Agreement. 

s. Permits;
Compliance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits,
easements, variances, exemptions, consents, certificates, approvals and orders necessary to own, lease and operate its properties and
to carry on its business as it is now being conducted (collectively, the Company Permits ), and there is no action pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened regarding suspension or cancellation of any of the Company Permits. Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or violation of, any of the Company Permits, except for any such conflicts,
defaults or violations which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Since
March 31, 2023, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notification with respect to possible conflicts, defaults
or violations of applicable laws, except for notices relating to possible conflicts, defaults or violations, which conflicts, defaults
or violations would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

t. Environmental Matters. 

(i) There
are, to the Company s knowledge, with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor of the Company, no past
or present violations of Environmental Laws (as defined below), releases of any material into the environment, actions, activities, circumstances,
conditions, events, incidents, or contractual obligations which may give rise to any common law environmental liability or any liability
under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 or similar federal, state, local or foreign laws
and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice with respect to any of the foregoing, nor is any action pending
or, to the Company s knowledge, threatened in connection with any of the foregoing. The term Environmental Laws means
all federal, state, local or foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including, without limitation,
ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws relating to emissions,
discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively,
 Hazardous Materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment,
storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands or demand letters,
injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations issued, entered, promulgated or approved
thereunder. 

(ii) Other
than those that are or were stored, used or disposed of in compliance with applicable law, no Hazardous Materials are contained on or
about any real property currently owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and no Hazardous Materials were released
on or about any real property previously owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries during the period the property
was owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except in the normal course of the Company s or any of its
Subsidiaries business. 

(iii) There
are no underground storage tanks on or under any real property owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that are
not in compliance with applicable law. 

u. Title to Property. The Company and
its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property and good and marketable title to all personal
property owned by them which is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all
liens, encumbrances and defects except such as are described in Schedule 3(u), if attached hereto, or such as would not have a
Material Adverse Effect. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions
as would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

8 

v. Insurance. 
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks
and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries
are engaged. Neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance
coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business
at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Upon written request the Company will provide to the Buyer true and correct copies
of all policies relating to directors and officers liability coverage, errors and omissions coverage, and commercial general
liability coverage. 

w. Internal
Accounting Controls. Except as may be disclosed in the SEC Documents, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries maintain a system of
internal accounting controls sufficient, in the judgment of the Company s board of directors, to provide reasonable assurance that
(i) transactions are executed in accordance with management s general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain
asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management s general or specific authorization
and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is
taken with respect to any differences. 

x. Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, agent, employee or other person acting
on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, in the course of his actions for, or on behalf of, the Company, used any corporate funds
for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; made any direct or indirect
unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; violated or is in violation of any provision
of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other
unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee. 

y. Solvency. 
The Company has no information that would lead it to reasonably conclude that the Company would not, after giving effect to the transaction
contemplated by this Agreement, have the ability to, nor does it intend to take any action that would impair its ability to, pay its debts
from time to time incurred in connection therewith as such debts mature. 

z. No
Investment Company. The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement will not
be an investment company required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (an Investment Company ).
The Company is not controlled by an Investment Company. 

aa. No Off Balance Sheet
Arrangements . There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and an unconsolidated
or other off balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its 1934 Act filings and is not so disclosed or that
otherwise could be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

bb. No Disqualification
Events . None of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the
Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20 or more of the Company s outstanding voting equity
securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the 1933 Act) connected
with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person is subject to any of the Bad
Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the 1933 Act (a Disqualification Event ), except
for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company
has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. 

9 

cc. Manipulation of Price .
The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has: (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause
or to result, or that could reasonably be expected to cause or result, in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security
of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for
soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any person any compensation for soliciting another to
purchase any other securities of the Company. 

dd. Bank Holding Company
Act . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ). Neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5 or more of the outstanding shares of
any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25 or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the
BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates exercises a controlling influence
over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. 

ee. Illegal or Unauthorized
Payments; Political Contributions . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Company s knowledge, any of the
officers, directors, employees, agents or other representatives of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any other business entity
or enterprise with which the Company or any Subsidiary is or has been affiliated or associated, has, directly or indirectly, made or authorized
any payment, contribution or gift of money, property, or services, whether or not in contravention of applicable law, (i) as a kickback
or bribe to any person or (ii) to any political organization, or the holder of or any aspirant to any elective or appointive public office
except for personal political contributions not involving the direct or indirect use of funds of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

ff. Breach of Representations
and Warranties by the Company. The Company agrees that if the Company breaches any of the representations or warranties set forth
in this Section 3 and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event
of Default under Section 3.4 of the Note. 

4. ADDITIONAL COVENANTS, AGREEMENTS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS . 

a. Best
Efforts. The parties shall use their best efforts to satisfy timely each of the conditions described in Section 6 and 7 of this Agreement. 

b. Form
D; Blue Sky Laws . The Company agrees to file a Form D with respect to the Securities if required under Regulation D and to provide
a copy thereof to the Buyer promptly after such filing. The Company shall, on or before the Closing Date, take such action as the Company
shall reasonably determine is necessary to qualify the Securities for sale to the Buyer at the applicable closing pursuant to this Agreement
under applicable securities or blue sky laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption from such qualification),
and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Buyer on or prior to the Closing Date. 

c. Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall use the proceeds first for the payment of 25,000.00 owed to Gries Associates, LLC for audits
services for the year ended June 30, 2023, 10,000.00 owed to The Accounting Connection Ltd. for account services, 3,200.00 to Platform
Services, LLC for accounting services, and 5,000.00 to Jerold Isaacson for accounting services, and second for all other expenses necessary
for the Company to file its Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, and not for any other purpose, including but not limited to (i)
the repayment of any indebtedness owed to officers, directors or employees of the Company or their affiliates, (ii) any loan to or investment
in any other corporation, partnership, enterprise or other person (except in connection with the Company s currently existing operations),
(iii) any loan, credit, or advance to any officers, directors, employees, or affiliates of the Company, or (iv) in violation or contravention
of any applicable law, rule or regulation. 

d. Right of Participation and First Refusal . 

(i) Other
than arrangements that are in place or disclosed in SEC Documents prior to the date of this
Agreement, from the date of this Agreement until the Note is extinguished in its entirety, the Company will not, (i) directly or indirectly,
offer, sell, grant any option to purchase, or otherwise dispose of (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other
disposition of) any of its or its Subsidiaries debt, equity, or equity equivalent securities, including without limitation any
debt, preferred shares or other instrument or security that is, at any time during its life and/or under any circumstances, convertible
into, exchangeable, or exercisable for Common Stock (any such offer, sale, grant, disposition or announcement being referred to as a Subsequent
Placement or (ii) enter into any definitive agreement with regard to the foregoing, in each case unless the Company shall have
first complied with this Section 4(d). 

10 

(ii) The
Company shall deliver to the Buyer an irrevocable written notice (the Offer Notice of any proposed or intended Subsequent
Placement, which shall (w) identify and describe the Subsequent Placement, (x) describe the price and other terms upon which they are
to be issued, sold or exchanged, and the number or amount of the securities in the Subsequent Placement to be issued, sold, or exchanged
and (y) offer to issue and sell to or exchange with the Buyer at least one hundred percent (100 of the securities in the Subsequent
Placement (in each case, an Offer ). 

(iii) To
accept an Offer, in whole or in part, the Buyer must deliver a written notice (the Notice of Acceptance to the Company
prior to the end of the fifth (5 th Trading Day (as defined in the Note) after the Buyer s receipt of the Offer Notice
(the Offer Period ), setting forth the amount that the Buyer elects to purchase (the Subscription Amount ).
The Company shall complete the Subsequent Placement and issue and sell the Subscription Amount to the Buyer upon terms and conditions
(including, without limitation, unit prices and interest rates) set forth in the Offer Notice, unless a change to such terms and conditions
is agreed to in writing between the Company and Buyer. 

(iv) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, if the Company desires to modify or amend the terms or conditions of a Subsequent Placement
at any time after the Offer Notice is given to Buyer (provided, however, that such modification or amendment to the terms or conditions
cannot occur during any Offer Period), the Company shall deliver to the Buyer a new Offer Notice and the Offer Period of such new Offer
shall expire at the end of the fifth (5 th Trading Day after the Buyer s receipt of such new Offer Notice. 

(v) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, the terms and conditions of this Section 4(d) of this Agreement shall not apply to any of the following
issuances of securities (collectively, the Excluded Offerings ): (A) [reserved]; (B) pursuant to the issuance, vesting and/or
exercise of options, warrants, restricted stock, restricted stock units or other common stock purchase rights issued (or to be issued)
to employees, officers or directors of, or consultants or advisors to, the Company for compensatory purposes pursuant to any stock purchase
plan, stock option plan, equity incentive plan or other plan or arrangement approved by the Board of Directors (or the Compensation Committee
thereof) at any time; (C) pursuant to the exercise or conversion of preferred stock, options, warrants or any evidence of indebtedness,
shares of capital stock (other than Common Stock) or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock outstanding (or
in the case of warrants underlying outstanding preferred stock, which may be issued and outstanding) as of the date hereof and as disclosed
in the SEC Documents prior to the date hereof; (D) in connection with the acquisition of all or part of another entity by stock acquisition,
merger, consolidation or other reorganization, or by the purchase of all or part of the assets of such other entity (including securities
issued to persons formerly employed by such other entity and subsequently hired by the Company and to any brokers or finders in connection
therewith); (E) in connection with strategic transactions approved by the Board of Directors (provided such transactions is not primarily
for the purpose of raising capital); (F) to bona fide commercial partners, or lessors in connection with credit arrangements, equipment
financings or similar transactions approved by the Board of Directors; (G) in connection with the Company s acquisition, joint-venture,
licensing or business transaction of intellectual property assets from any individuals or entities approved by the Board of Directors
(provided such transactions is not primarily for the purpose of raising capital); (H) shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to equipment
lease arrangements or financings from a bank approved by the Board of Directors of the Company; and (I) any units, shares of common stock,
warrants or other securities issued or issuable pursuant to the Company s Regulation A+ offering as the same may be amended from
time to time, and any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof (the Reg A+ Offering ). 

11 

e. Usury .
To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will
resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter
in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Buyer in order to enforce any right or remedy under this
Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained
in this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, it is expressly agreed and provided that the
total liability of the Company under this Agreement, the Note or any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby for payments
which under applicable law are in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the
 Maximum Rate ), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both
of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under applicable law in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to
pay under this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed
that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law applicable to this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument
contemplated thereby is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum
contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or
instrument contemplated thereby from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under
any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Buyer with respect to indebtedness
evidenced by this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, such excess shall be applied by
the Buyer to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to
be at the Buyer s election. 

f. Restriction
on Activities . Commencing as of the date first above written, and until the earlier of payment of the Note in full or full conversion
of the Note, the Company shall not, directly or indirectly, without the Buyer s prior written consent, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld: (a) change the nature of its business; or (b) sell, divest, acquire, change the structure of any material assets
other than in the ordinary course of business. 

g. Listing. 
The Company will, so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, maintain the listing and trading of its Common Stock on the Principal
Market or any equivalent replacement exchange or electronic quotation system (including but not limited to the Pink Sheets electronic
quotation system) and will comply in all respects with the Company s reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or
rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA and such exchanges, as applicable. The Company shall promptly
provide to the Buyer copies of any notices it receives from the Principal Market and any other exchanges or electronic quotation systems
on which the Common Stock is then traded regarding the continued eligibility of the Common Stock for listing on such exchanges and quotation
systems. 

h. Corporate
Existence. The Company will, so long as the Buyer beneficially owns any of the Securities, maintain its corporate existence and shall
not sell all or substantially all of the Company s assets, except in the event of a merger or consolidation or sale of all or substantially
all of the Company s assets, where the surviving or successor entity in such transaction (i) assumes the Company s obligations
hereunder and under the agreements and instruments entered into in connection herewith and (ii) is a publicly traded corporation whose
Common Stock is listed for trading or quotation on the Principal Market, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market, the New York Stock Exchange
or the NYSE MKT. 

i. No
Integration. The Company shall not make any offers or sales of any security (other than the Securities) under circumstances that would
require registration of the Securities being offered or sold hereunder under the 1933 Act or cause the offering of the Securities to be
integrated with any other offering of securities by the Company for the purpose of any stockholder approval provision applicable to the
Company or its securities. 

j. Compliance
with 1934 Act; Public Information Failures. For so long as the Buyer beneficially owns the Note or Conversion Shares, the Company
shall comply with the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act; and the Company shall continue to be subject to the reporting requirements
of the 1934 Act. During the period that the Buyer beneficially owns the Note, if the Company shall (i) fail for any reason to satisfy
the requirements of Rule 144(c)(1), including, without limitation, the failure to satisfy the current public information requirements
under Rule 144(c) or (ii) if the Company has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) or becomes such an issuer in the future,
and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (each, a Public Information Failure then,
as partial relief for the damages to the Buyer by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Securities (which
remedy shall not be exclusive of any other remedies available pursuant to this Agreement, the Note, or at law or in equity), the Company
shall pay to the Buyer an amount in cash equal to three percent (3 of the Purchase Price on each of the day of a Public Information
Failure and on every thirtieth day (pro rated for periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter until the date such Public Information
Failure is cured. The payments to which a holder shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 4(k) are referred to herein as Public
Information Failure Payments. Public Information Failure Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar
month during which such Public Information Failure Payments are incurred and (iii) the third business day after the event or failure giving
rise to the Public Information Failure Payments is cured. In the event the Company fails to make Public Information Failure Payments in
a timely manner, such Public Information Failure Payments shall bear interest at the rate of 5 per month (prorated for partial months)
until paid in full. 

12 

k. Acknowledgement
Regarding Buyer s Trading Activity . Until the Note is fully repaid or fully converted, the Buyer shall not effect any short
sale (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the 1934 Act) of the Common Stock which establishes a net short
position with respect to the Common Stock. 

l. Legal
Counsel Opinions . Upon the request of the Buyer from to time to time, the Company shall be responsible (at its cost) for promptly
supplying to the Company s transfer agent and the Buyer a customary legal opinion letter of its counsel (the Legal Counsel
Opinion to the effect that the resale of the Conversion Shares by the Buyer or its affiliates, successors and assigns is exempt
from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act pursuant to Rule 144 (provided the requirements of Rule 144 are satisfied by the delivery
to the Company of customary representations letters to that effect and provided the Conversion Shares are not then registered under the
1933 Act for resale pursuant to an effective registration statement) or other applicable exemption (provided the requirements of such
other applicable exemption are satisfied by the delivery to the Company of customary representations letters to that effect). In addition,
the Buyer may (at the Company s cost) at any time secure its own legal counsel to issue the Legal Counsel Opinion, and the Company
will instruct its transfer agent to accept such opinion. The Company hereby agrees that it may never take the position that it is a shell
company in connection with its obligations under this Agreement or otherwise. 

m. Piggy-Back
Registration Rights . The Company hereby grants to the Buyer the piggy-back registration rights set forth in Exhibit B hereto. 

n. Most
Favored Nation . So long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, the Company shall not enter into any public or private offering of
its securities (including securities convertible into shares of Common Stock) with any individual or entity (an Other Investor that has the effect of establishing rights or otherwise benefiting such Other Investor in a manner more favorable in any material respect
to such Other Investor (even if the Other Investor does not receive the benefit of such more favorable term until a default occurs under
such other security) than the rights and benefits established in favor of the Buyer by this Agreement, the Note, and the related transaction
documents unless, in any such case, the Buyer has been provided with such rights and benefits pursuant to a definitive written agreement
or agreements between the Company and the Buyer. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, this Section 4(n)
of this Agreement shall not apply to the issuance of Common Stock (or warrants if sold with the Common Stock as a component of units)
pursuant to a Regulation A offering. 

o. Subsequent
Variable Rate Transactions . From the date hereof until such time as the Note is fully converted or fully repaid, the Company shall
be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction 
means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or
exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or
exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock
at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is
subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified
or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into
any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined
price. The Buyer shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be
in addition to any right to collect damages. This Section 4(o) shall not apply to the Company s existing obligations as of the date
hereof, which are disclosed in the SEC Documents. 

13 

p. Non-Public
Information . Except as may be required pursuant to Section 4(d), the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other person
acting on its behalf will provide the Buyer or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably
believes constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto the Buyer shall have consented to the receipt of such information
and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that the Buyer shall be relying
on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. Except as may be required pursuant to Section 4(d),
to the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public information to the Buyer without such Buyer s consent, the Company
hereby covenants and agrees that such Buyer shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any
of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or affiliates, not to trade on the basis of, such material, non- public information,
provided that the Buyer shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided, information provided, or any other
communications made by the Company, to the Buyer, constitutes or contains material non-public information regarding the Company or any
Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice or other material information with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report
on Form 8-K. In. addition to any other remedies provided by this Agreement or the related transaction documents, if the Company provides
any material non-public information to the Buyer without their prior written consent, and it fails to immediately (no later than that
business day) file a Form 8-K disclosing this material non-public information, it shall pay the Buyer as partial liquidated damages and
not as a penalty a sum equal to 3,000 per day beginning with the day the information is disclosed to the Buyer and ending and including
the day the Form 8-K disclosing this information is filed. 

q. D O
Insurance . In the event the Company does not so have as of the date hereof, within 60 calendar days of the Closing, the Company shall
purchase director and officer insurance on behalf of the Company s (including its subsidiary) officers and directors for a period of 18
months after the Closing with respect to any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs and expense in connection with any actual or
threatened claim or proceeding that is based on, or arises out of their status as a director or officer of the Company. The insurance
policy shall provide for two years of tail coverage. 

r. Preferred
Designation . Until the Note is extinguished in the entirety, the Company shall not designate any new classes of preferred stock or
amend any existing classes of preferred stock without the written consent of the Buyer. 

s. Breach
of Covenants. The Company acknowledges and agrees that if the Company breaches any of the covenants set forth in this Section 4, in
addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of Default under Section
3.3 of the Note. 

5. Transfer
Agent Instructions. The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to the Company s transfer agent to issue certificates and/or
issue shares electronically at the Buyer s option, registered in the name of the Buyer or its nominee, upon conversion of the Note,
the Conversion Shares, in such amounts as specified from time to time by the Buyer to the Company in accordance with the terms thereof
(the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions ). In the event that the Company proposes to replace its transfer agent, the
Company shall provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a
form as initially delivered pursuant to this Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserved shares of Common
Stock in the Reserved Amount (as defined in the Note)) signed by the successor transfer agent to the Company and the Company. Prior to
registration of the Conversion Shares under the 1933 Act or the date on which the Conversion Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144,
Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of Securities as of a particular date
that can then be immediately sold, all such certificates or book entry shares shall bear the restrictive legend specified in Section 2(g)
of this Agreement. The Company warrants that: (i) no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in
this Section 5 will be given by the Company to its transfer agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable on the
books and records of the Company as and to the extent provided in this Agreement and the Note; (ii) it will not direct its transfer agent
not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically or in certificated form)
any certificate for Securities to be issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and when required by
the Note and this Agreement; (iii) it will not fail to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or
hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on
any certificate for any Securities issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and when required by the
Note and/or this Agreement and (iv) it will provide any required corporate resolutions and issuance approvals to its transfer agent within
one (1) business day of each conversion of the Note. Nothing in this Section shall affect in any way the Buyer s obligations and
agreement set forth in Section 2(g) hereof to comply with all applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any, upon re-sale of the
Securities. If the Buyer provides the Company, at the cost of the Company, with (i) an opinion of counsel in form, substance and scope
customary for opinions in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Securities may be made without
registration under the 1933 Act and such sale or transfer is effected or (ii) the Buyer provides reasonable assurances that the Securities
can be sold pursuant to 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, the Company shall permit the transfer, and, in the
case of the Securities, promptly instruct its transfer agent to issue one or more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in such
name and in such denominations as specified by the Buyer. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will
cause irreparable harm to the Buyer, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company
acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section 5 may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of
a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other
available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate transfer, without the necessity of showing economic
loss and without any bond or other security being required. 

14 

6. Conditions
to the Company s Obligation to Sell. The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Note to the Buyer at the
Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions thereto, provided that these
conditions are for the Company s sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion: 

a. The
Buyer shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Company. 

b. The Buyer shall have delivered the Purchase
Price in accordance with Section 1(b) above. 

c. The
representations and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the
Closing Date, as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the Buyer
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement
to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date. 

d. No
litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or
endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over
the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

7. Conditions
to The Buyer s Obligation to Purchase. The obligation of the Buyer hereunder to purchase the Note, on the Closing Date, is subject
to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Buyer s
sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any time in its sole discretion: 

a. The
Company shall have executed this Agreement, the Security Amendment, the Guarantee Amendment, and the Pledge Amendment, and delivered the
same to the Buyer. 

b. The
Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the duly executed Note in such denominations as the Buyer shall request and in accordance with
Section 1(b) above. 

c. The
Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer, shall have been delivered to and acknowledged
in writing by the Company s Transfer Agent. 

d. The
representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of Closing
Date, as though made at such time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the Company shall have
performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to
be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date. 

e. No
litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or
endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over
the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

f. No
event shall have occurred which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but not limited
to a change in the 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its 1934 Act reporting obligations. 

15 

g. Trading
in the Common Stock on the Principal Market shall not have been suspended by the SEC, FINRA or the Principal Market. 

h. The
Company shall have delivered to the Buyer resolutions adopted by the Company s Board of Directors at a duly called meeting or by
unanimous written consent authorizing this Agreement and all other documents, instruments and transactions contemplated hereby. 

8. Governing Law; Miscellaneous. 

a. Governing
Law; Venue . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to
principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be brought only in the state
courts located in the State of Nevada or in the federal courts located in the State of Nevada. The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably
waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction
or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST,
A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and
costs. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding
in connection with this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process
and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. 

b. Counterparts. 
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute
one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party.
A facsimile or .pdf signature shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and
effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile or .pdf signature. Delivery of a counterpart signature hereto by facsimile
or email/.pdf transmission shall be deemed validly delivery thereof. 

c. Construction;
Headings. This Agreement shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Buyer and shall not be construed against any
person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect
the interpretation of, this Agreement. 

d. Severability. 
In the event that any provision of this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement or instrument delivered in connection herewith is
invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that
it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove
invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, the Note,
or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby. 

e. Entire
Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement, the Note, and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor
the Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement or
any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the Buyer. 

16 

f. Notices. All notices, demands,
requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise
specified herein, shall be transmitted by e-mail, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have
specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be
deemed effective upon delivery by e-mail, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting machine, at the address or number
designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first
business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to
be received). The addresses for such communications shall be: 

If to the Company, to: 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

520 White Plains Road, Suite 500 

Tarrytown, New York 10591 

Attention: Sean Folkson 

e-mail: sean@nightfood.com 

If to the Buyer: 

MAST HILL FUND, L.P. 

48 Parker Road 

Wellesley, MA 02482 

e-mail: admin@masthillfund.com 

g. Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns. The Company
shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Buyer. The Buyer may assign
its rights hereunder to any accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act) in a private transaction from
the Buyer or to any of its affiliates, as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Company. 

h. Third
Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and
assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person. 

i. Survival. 
The representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall survive the closing
hereunder notwithstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer. The Company agrees to indemnify and
hold harmless the Buyer and all their officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related to
any breach or alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement or any
of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred. 

j. Publicity. 
The Company, and the Buyer shall have the right to review a reasonable period of time before issuance of any press releases, SEC, Principal
Market or FINRA filings, or any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby; provided , however ,
that the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the Buyer, to make any press release or SEC, Principal Market (or other
applicable trading market) or FINRA filings with respect to such transactions as is required by applicable law and regulations (although
the Buyer shall be consulted by the Company in connection with any such press release prior to its release and shall be provided with
a copy thereof and be given an opportunity to comment thereon). 

k. Further
Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute
and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to
carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

l. No
Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their
mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. 

17 

m. Indemnification .
In consideration of the Buyer s execution and delivery of this Agreement and acquiring the Securities hereunder, and in addition
to all of the Company s other obligations under this Agreement or the Note, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold
harmless the Buyer and its stockholders, partners, members, officers, directors, employees and direct or indirect investors and any of
the foregoing persons agents or other representatives (including, without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement) (collectively, the Indemnitees from and against any and all actions, causes of action,
suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether
any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys 
fees and disbursements (the Indemnified Liabilities ), incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, or arising out of, or relating
to (a) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company in this Agreement, the Note or any other
agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (b) any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation
of the Company contained in this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or
thereby or (c) any cause of action, suit or claim brought or made against such Indemnitee by a third party (including for these purposes
a derivative action brought on behalf of the Company) and arising out of or resulting from (i) the execution, delivery, performance or
enforcement of this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii)
any transaction financed or to be financed in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance of the Securities,
or (iii) the status of the Buyer or holder of the Securities as an investor in the Company pursuant to the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall make
the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities that is permissible under applicable law. 

n. Remedies. 
The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by vitiating the intent
and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations
under this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby will be inadequate
and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement,
certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available
remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing
or curing any breach of this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby,
and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof and thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any
bond or other security being required. 

o. Payment
Set Aside . To the extent that the (i) Company makes a payment or payments to the Buyer hereunder, pursuant to the Note, or pursuant
to any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, or (ii) the Buyer enforces or exercises its
rights hereunder, pursuant to the Note, or pursuant to any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or
thereby, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof (including but not limited to
the sale of the Securities) are for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered
from, or disgorged by the Buyer, or (ii) are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver,
government entity, or any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal
law, common law or equitable cause of action), then (i) to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally
intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement
or setoff had not occurred and (ii) the Company shall immediately pay to the Buyer a dollar amount equal to the amount that was for any
reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, or disgorged by the Buyer,
or (ii) required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver, government entity, or any other person
or entity under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause
of action). 

p. Failure
or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Buyer in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies of the Buyer existing hereunder are cumulative to,
and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Buyer and the
Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 SEAN FOLKSON 

Title: 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

MAST HILL FUND, L.P. 

By: 

Name: 
 PATRICK HASSANI 

Title: 
 CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER 

SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT: 

Principal Amount of Note: 62,000.00 
 
 Actual Amount of Purchase Price of Note: 52,700.00 

19 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF NOTE 

[attached hereto] 

20 

EXHIBIT B 

PIGGY-BACK REGISTRATION
RIGHTS 

All of the Conversion Shares
shall be deemed Registrable Securities subject to the provisions of this Exhibit B. All capitalized terms used but not defined
in this Exhibit B shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Securities Purchase Agreement to which this Exhibit is attached. 

1. Piggy-Back Registration . 

1.1 Piggy-Back
Rights . If at any time on or after the date of the Closing the Company proposes to file any Registration Statement under the 1933
Act (a Registration Statement with respect to any offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable
or exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for shareholders of the Company for
their account (or by the Company and by shareholders of the Company), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection with
any employee stock option or other benefit plan on Form S-8, (ii) for a dividend reinvestment plan or (iii) in connection with a merger
or acquisition, then the Company shall (x) give written notice of such proposed filing to the holders of Registrable Securities appearing
on the books and records of the Company as such a holder as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before the anticipated
filing date of the Registration Statement, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such Registration
Statement, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, of the offering,
and (y) offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such notice the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Registrable
Securities as such holders may request in writing within three (3) days following receipt of such notice (a Piggy-Back Registration ).
The Company shall cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such registration and shall cause the managing underwriter or underwriters
of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested to be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the
same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities
in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof (with the understanding that the Company shall file the initial prospectus
covering the Buyer s sale of the Registrable Securities at prevailing market prices on the same date that the Registration Statement
is declared effective by the SEC). 

1.2 Withdrawal .
Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holder s request for inclusion of Registrable Securities in any
Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand pursuant to written
contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement.
Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable Securities in connection
with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in Section 1.5 below. 

1.3 The
Company shall notify the holders of Registrable Securities at any time when a prospectus relating to such holder s Registrable Securities
is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, upon discovery that, or upon the happening of any event as a result of which, the prospectus
included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing.
At the request of such holder, the Company shall also prepare, file and furnish to such holder a reasonable number of copies of a supplement
to or an amendment of such prospectus as may be necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of the Registrable Securities,
such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing. The holders of Registrable Securities
shall not to offer or sell any Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement after receipt of such notification until the
receipt of such supplement or amendment. 

1.4 The
Company may request a holder of Registrable Securities to furnish the Company such information with respect to such holder and such holder s
proposed distribution of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement as the
Company may from time to time reasonably request in writing or as shall be required by law or by the SEC in connection therewith, and
such holders shall furnish the Company with such information. 

21 

1.5 All fees and expenses incident to the
performance of or compliance with this Exhibit B by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether or not any Registrable
Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence shall include,
without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Company s
counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the SEC, (B) with respect to filings
required to be made with any trading market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, (C) in compliance with applicable
state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without limitation, fees and
disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the Registrable Securities) and
(D) with respect to any filing that may be required to be made by any broker through which a holder of Registrable Securities
intends to make sales of Registrable Securities with the FINRA, (ii) printing expenses, (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery
expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) 1933 Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such
insurance, (vi) fees and expenses of all other persons or entities retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit B and (vii) reasonable fees and disbursements of a single special counsel for the
holders of Registrable Securities (selected by holders of the majority of the Registrable Securities requesting such registration)
which shall in no event exceed 2,500 in fees. In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses
incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all
salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the
fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required
hereunder. In no event shall the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any holder of Registrable
Securities. 

1.6 The
Company and its successors and assigns shall indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer, each holder of Registrable Securities, the officers,
directors, members, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person
holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each individual or entity who controls
the Buyer or any such holder of Registrable Securities (within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act)
and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally
equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such controlling individual
or entity (each, an Indemnified Party ), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all
losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively,
 Losses ), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
contained in a Registration Statement, any related prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in
any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any such prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or any
state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Exhibit B,
except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based upon information regarding the Buyer
or such holder of Registrable Securities furnished to the Company by such party for use therein. The Company shall notify the Buyer and
each holder of Registrable Securities promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any proceeding arising from or in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit B of which the Company is aware. 

1.7 If the indemnification
under Section 1.6 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless for any Losses, then
the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is appropriate to
reflect the relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that
resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company and Indemnified
Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to
information supplied by, the Company or the Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to
information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a
result of any Losses shall be deemed to include any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in
connection with any proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification
provided for in Section 1.6 was available to such party in accordance with its terms. It is agreed that it would not be just and
equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 1.7 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation
that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the
provisions of this Section 1.7, neither the Buyer nor any holder of Registrable Securities shall be required to contribute, in the
aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net proceeds actually received by such party from the sale of all of
their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement or related prospectus exceeds the amount of any damages that
such party has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged
omission. 

[End of Exhibit B] 

22 

Exhibit C 

(see attached) 

23 

</EX-10.53>

<EX-10.54>
 20
 f10k2023ex10-54_nightfood.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE WITH MAST HILL, LP DATED OCTOBER 6, 2023

Exhibit 10.54 

THIS
INSTRUMENT CONTAINS AN AFFIDAVIT OF CONFESSION OF JUDGMENT PROVISION WHICH CONSTITUTES A WAIVER OF IMPORTANT RIGHTS BORROWER MAY HAVE
AND ALLOWS THE HOLDER TO OBTAIN A JUDGMENT AGAINST BORROWER WITHOUT ANY FURTHER NOTICE. 

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE THE LEGAL COUNSEL OPINION (AS DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT)),
IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A
OR REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

Principal
 Amount: 62,000.00 
 Issue
 Date: October 5, 2023 
 
 Actual
 Amount of Purchase Price: 52,700.00 

SECURED
PROMISSORY NOTE 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED , NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. , a Nevada corporation (hereinafter called the Borrower or the Company (Trading Symbol: NGTF), hereby promises to pay to the order of MAST HILL FUND, L.P. , a Delaware limited partnership, or registered
assigns (the Holder ), in the form of lawful money of the United States of America, the principal sum of 62,000.00, which
amount is the 52,700.00 actual amount of the purchase price (the Consideration hereof plus an original issue discount
in the amount of 9,300.00 (the OID (subject to adjustment herein) (the Principal Amount and to pay interest
on the unpaid Principal Amount hereof at the rate of eight percent (8 (the Interest Rate per annum from the date hereof
(the Issue Date until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise,
as further provided herein. The maturity date shall be twelve (12) months from the Issue Date (the Maturity Date ), and
is the date upon which the Principal Amount, the OID, as well as any accrued and unpaid interest and other fees, shall be due and payable. 

This
Note may not be prepaid or repaid in whole or in part except as otherwise explicitly set forth herein. 

Any
Principal Amount or interest on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of the lesser of (i) sixteen percent
(16 per annum and (ii) the maximum amount permitted by law from the due date thereof until the same is paid Default Interest ).
Interest and Default Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. 

All
payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, of the Borrower (the Common
Stock in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America. All payments shall
be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made in accordance with the provisions of
this Note. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a business day, the same
shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a business day. 

Each
capitalized term used herein, and not otherwise defined, shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in that certain Securities Purchase
Agreement, dated as of the Issue Date, pursuant to which this Note was originally issued (the Purchase Agreement ). As used
in this Note, the term business day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial banks
in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed. As used herein, the term Trading
Day means any day that shares of Common Stock are listed for trading or quotation on the Principal Market (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement), provided, however, that if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on any Principal Market, then any business day. 

1 

This
Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive
rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. 

The
following terms shall also apply to this Note: 

ARTICLE
I. CONVERSION RIGHTS 

1.1 Conversion Right. The Holder shall have the right, at any time on or following the date
that an Event of Default (as defined in this Note) occurs under this Note, to convert all or any portion of the then outstanding and unpaid
Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common
Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Borrower into which such Common Stock shall
hereafter be changed or reclassified, at the Conversion Price (as defined below) determined as provided herein (a Conversion ),
by submitting to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent a Notice of Conversion (as defined in this Note) by e-mail dispatched
on the Conversion Date prior to 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time; provided, however , that notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, the a Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of this Note, pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise, to the
extent that after giving effect to such issuance after conversion as set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, the Holder (together
with the Holder s affiliates (the Affiliates ), and any other Persons (as defined below) acting as a group together
with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in
excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common
Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of this Note with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would
be issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, nonconverted portion of this Note beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates
or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company
subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any
of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1.1, beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith.
In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 1.1, in determining the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s
most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company
or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding.
Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the
number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after
giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Note, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation 
shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. Person 
and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an
unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof. The limitations contained
in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Note. The number of Conversion Shares to be issued upon each conversion of
this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined below) by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect on
the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Conversion ),
delivered to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent by the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note; provided that the
Notice of Conversion is submitted by e-mail to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time
on such conversion date (the Conversion Date ). The term Conversion Amount means, with respect to any conversion
of this Note, the sum of (1) the Principal Amount of this Note to be converted in such conversion plus (2) at the Holder s
option, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such Principal Amount at the Interest Rate to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at
the Holder s option, Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2). 

2 

1.2 Conversion
Price. 

(a) Calculation
of Conversion Price. The per share conversion price into which Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest)
under this Note shall be convertible into shares of Common Stock hereunder as further described in this Note (the Conversion
Price shall equal 0.033, subject to adjustment as provided in this Note. If at any time the Conversion Price as determined
hereunder for any conversion would be less than the par value of the Common Stock, then at the sole discretion of the Holder, the
Conversion Price hereunder may equal such par value for such conversion and the Conversion Amount for such conversion may be
increased to include Additional Principal, where Additional Principal means such additional amount to be added to the
Conversion Amount to the extent necessary to cause the number of conversion shares issuable upon such conversion to equal the same
number of conversion shares as would have been issued had the Conversion Price not been adjusted by the Holder to the par value
price. Holder shall be entitled to deduct 1,750.00 from the conversion amount in each Notice of Conversion to cover Holder s
fees associated with each Notice of Conversion. All such Conversion Price determinations are to be appropriately adjusted for any
stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, rights offerings, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately
decreases or increases the Common Stock. If the Company, at any time while this Note is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or
otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock
Equivalents, (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of
a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues, in the event of a
reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Company, then the Conversion Price shall be
multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the
Company) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence shall become effective
immediately after the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall
become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Company s subsidiaries which would entitle the holder
thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or
other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof
to receive, Common Stock. 

1.3 Authorized
and Reserved Shares. The Borrower covenants that at all times until the Note is satisfied in full, the Borrower will reserve
from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the
issuance of a number of Conversion Shares equal to the number of Conversion Shares issuable upon the full conversion of this Note
(assuming no payment of Principal Amount or interest) at the time of such calculation (taking into consideration any adjustments to
the Conversion Price as provided in this Note) multiplied by (ii) four (4) (the Reserved Amount ); provided that
for purposes of this Section 1.3, the Company and the Holder agree and acknowledge that the aforementioned formula in Section 1.3(b)
of this Note shall only be in effect on and after the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date. The Borrower
represents that upon issuance, the Conversion Shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. The Borrower
(i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer agent to issue certificates for the Conversion Shares or
instructions to have the Conversion Shares issued as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof, and (ii) agrees that its issuance of
this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of executing stock certificates
or cause the Company to electronically issue shares of Common Stock to execute and issue the necessary certificates for the
Conversion Shares or cause the Conversion Shares to be issued as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof in accordance with the terms
and conditions of this Note. 

1.4 Method
of Conversion. 

(a) [Intentionally
Omitted] . 

(b) Surrender
of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in accordance
with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid
Principal Amount is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the Principal Amount so converted and
the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower, so as not to
require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, such records of the
Holder shall, prima facie, be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if any portion of this Note is converted as aforesaid, the Holder may not transfer this Note unless the Holder first physically
surrenders this Note to the Borrower, whereupon the Borrower will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new
Note of like tenor, registered as the Holder (upon payment by the Holder of any applicable transfer taxes) may request, representing
in the aggregate the remaining unpaid Principal Amount of this Note. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note,
acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Note, the
unpaid and unconverted Principal Amount of this Note represented by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face
hereof. 

3 

(c) Payment
of Taxes . The Borrower shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the
issue and delivery of shares of Common Stock or other securities or property on conversion of this Note in a name other than that of
the Holder (or in street name), and the Borrower shall not be required to issue or deliver any such shares or other securities or
property unless and until the person or persons (other than the Holder or the custodian in whose street name such shares are to be
held for the Holder s account) requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Borrower the amount of any such tax or
shall have established to the satisfaction of the Borrower that such tax has been paid. 

(d) Delivery
of Common Stock Upon Conversion . Upon receipt by the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent from the Holder of an e-mail of
a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall issue and deliver
or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates for the Conversion Shares (or cause the
electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof) within two (2) Trading Day after such receipt
(the Deadline (and, solely in the case of conversion of the entire unpaid Principal Amount and interest (including
any Default Interest) under this Note, surrender of this Note). If the Company shall fail for any reason or for no reason to issue
to the Holder on or prior to the Deadline a certificate for the number of Conversion Shares or to which the Holder is entitled
hereunder and register such Conversion Shares on the Company s share register or to credit the Holder s balance account
with DTC (as defined below) for such number of Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder s conversion
of this Note (a Conversion Failure ), then, in addition to all other remedies available to the Holder, (i) the Company
shall pay in cash to the Holder on each day after the Deadline and during such Conversion Failure an amount equal to 2.0 of the
product of (A) the sum of the number of Conversion Shares not issued to the Holder on or prior to the Deadline and to which the
Holder is entitled and (B) the closing sale price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the last possible
date which the Company could have issued such Conversion Shares to the Holder without violating this Section 1.4(d); and (ii) the
Holder, upon written notice to the Company, may void all or any portion of such Notice of Conversion; provided that the voiding of
all or any portion of a Notice of Conversion shall not affect the Company s obligations to make any payments which have
accrued prior to the date of such notice. In addition to the foregoing, if on or prior to the Deadline the Company shall fail to
issue and deliver a certificate to the Holder and register such Conversion Shares on the Company s share register or credit
the Holder s balance account with DTC for the number of Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the
Holder s exercise hereunder or pursuant to the Company s obligation pursuant to clause (ii) below, and if on or after
such Trading Day the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction
of a sale by the Holder of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise that the Holder anticipated receiving from the
Company, then the Company shall, within two (2) Trading Days after the Holder s request and in the Holder s discretion,
either (i) pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holder s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and
other reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (the Buy-In
Price ), at which point the Company s obligation to deliver such certificate (and to issue such Conversion Shares) or
credit such Holder s balance account with DTC for such Conversion Shares shall terminate, or (ii) promptly honor its
obligation to deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing such Conversion Shares or credit such Holder s
balance account with DTC and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product
of (A) such number of shares of Common Stock, times (B) the closing sales price of the Common Stock on the date of exercise. Nothing
shall limit the Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to timely deliver
certificates representing the Conversion Shares (or to electronically deliver such Conversion Shares) upon the conversion of this
Note as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

4 

(e) Obligation
of Borrower to Deliver Common Stock. At the time that the Holder submits the Notice of Conversion to the Borrower or
Borrower s transfer agent pursuant to the terms hereof, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the
Conversion Shares issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding Principal Amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest
(including any Default Interest) under this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion, and, unless the Borrower defaults on
its obligations under this Article I, all rights with respect to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith
terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock or other securities, cash or other assets, as herein provided, on such
conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided herein, the Borrower s obligation to issue and
deliver the certificates for the Conversion Shares (or cause the electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares as contemplated by
Section 1.4(f) hereof) shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder to enforce the
same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or any action to
enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation of the Borrower to the holder of record, or any
setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to the
Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in
connection with such conversion. The Conversion Date specified in the Notice of Conversion shall be the Conversion Date so long as
the Notice of Conversion is sent to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time, on
such date. 

(f) Delivery
of Conversion Shares by Electronic Transfer . In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Conversion Shares
issuable upon conversion hereof, provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company DTC Fast
Automated Securities Transfer or Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian programs, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the
provisions contained in Section 1.1 and in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to
electronically transmit the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion hereof to the Holder by crediting the account of
Holder s Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system. 

1.5 Concerning
the Shares . The Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless (i) such shares
are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have
been furnished with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be the Legal Counsel Opinion (as defined in the Purchase Agreement))
to the effect that the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration
or (iii) such shares are sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, or (iv)
such shares are transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise
transfer the shares only in accordance with this Section 1.5 and who is an Accredited Investor (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement). Except as otherwise provided in the Purchase Agreement (and subject to the removal provisions set forth below), until
such time as the Conversion Shares have been registered under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A,
Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can
then be immediately sold, each certificate for the Conversion Shares that has not been so included in an effective registration
statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption that permits removal of the
legend, shall bear a legend substantially in the following form, as appropriate: 

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE THE LEGAL COUNSEL OPINION (AS DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT)),
IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A,
REGULATIONS UNDER SAID ACT, OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

The
legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue to the Holder a certificate for the applicable Conversion Shares
without such legend upon which it is stamped or (as requested by the Holder) issue the applicable Conversion Shares by electronic delivery
by crediting the account of such holder s broker with DTC, if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws: (a)
such Conversion Shares are registered for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be
sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities
as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) the Company or the Holder provides the Legal Counsel Opinion (as contemplated
by and in accordance with Section 4(m) of the Purchase Agreement) to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Conversion Shares
may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected.
The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance. The Holder agrees
to sell all Conversion Shares, including those represented by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance
with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided
by the Holder with respect to the transfer of Conversion Shares pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, Rule 144A,
Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, at the Deadline, notwithstanding that the conditions of Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation
S, or other applicable exemption, as applicable, have been met, it will be considered an Event of Default under this Note. 

5 

1.6
 Effect of Certain Events. 

(a) Effect
of Merger, Consolidation, Etc . At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Borrower, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower with or into any other Person
(as defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall either: (i) be deemed to be an Event of Default pursuant
to which the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition to such transaction an
amount equal to the Default Amount (as defined in this Note) or (ii) be treated pursuant to Section 1.6(b) hereof.
 Person shall mean any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other
entity or organization. 

(b) Adjustment
Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc . If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion of all of
this Note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event,
as a result of which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of
another class or classes of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then
the Holder of this Note shall thereafter have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms
and conditions specified herein and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such
stock, securities or assets which the Holder would have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in
full immediately prior to such transaction (without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case
appropriate provisions shall be made with respect to the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the
provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions for adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares
issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities
or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower shall not effectuate any transaction described in this
Section 1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable, at least thirty (30) days prior written notice (but in any
event at least fifteen (15) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special meeting of shareholders to approve, or if
there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization
or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to convert this Note) and (b) the resulting
successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations of this Section 1.6(b). The above
provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges. 

(c) Adjustment
Due to Distribution. If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to
holders of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend or
distribution to the Borrower s shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary
(i.e., a spin-off)) (a Distribution ), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note
after the date of record for determining shareholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which
would have been payable to the Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been
the holder of such shares of Common Stock on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to such
Distribution. 

(d) Purchase
Rights. If, at any time when all or any portion of this Note is issued and outstanding, the Borrower issues any convertible
securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property (the Purchase Rights pro rata to the
record holders of any class of Common Stock, then the Holder of this Note will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to
such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which such Holder could have acquired if such Holder had held the number of
shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on conversion contained
herein) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights or, if no
such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of
such Purchase Rights. 

6 

(e) Dilutive
Issuance . Except for Exempt Issuances (as defined in this Note) and Reg A Issuances (as defined in this Note), if the Borrower,
at any time while this Note or any amounts due hereunder are outstanding, issues, sells or grants (or has issued, sold or granted as
of the Issue Date, as the case may be) any option to purchase, or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of, or
issues (or has sold or issued, as the case may be, or announces any sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition), any
Common Stock or other securities convertible into, exercisable for, or otherwise entitle any person or entity the right to acquire,
shares of Common Stock (including, without limitation, upon conversion of this Note, and any convertible notes or warrants
outstanding as of or following the Issue Date), in each or any case at an effective price per share that is lower than the then
Conversion Price (such lower price, the Base Conversion Price and such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive
Issuance (it being agreed that if the holder of the Common Stock or other securities so issued shall at any time, whether by
operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to
warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common
Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the Conversion Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for
less than the Conversion Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance), then the Conversion Price shall be reduced, at the option of
the Holder, to a price equal to the Base Conversion Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or other
securities are issued. By way of example, and for the avoidance of doubt, if the Company issues a convertible promissory note
(including but not limited to a Variable Rate Transaction (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)), and the holder of such
convertible promissory note has the right to convert it into Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the
then Conversion Price (including but not limited to a conversion price with a discount that varies with the trading prices of or
quotations for the Common Stock), then the Holder has the right to reduce the Conversion Price to such Base Conversion Price
(including but not limited to a conversion price with a discount that varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the Common
Stock) in perpetuity regardless of whether the holder of such convertible promissory note ever effectuated a conversion at the Base
Conversion Price. In the event of an issuance of securities involving multiple tranches or closings, any adjustment pursuant to this
Section 1.6(e) shall be calculated as if all such securities were issued at the initial closing. Exempt Issuance means
the issuance, vesting and/or exercise of options, warrants, restricted stock, restricted stock units or other common stock purchase
rights issued (or to be issued) to employees, officers or directors of, or consultants or advisors to, the Company for compensatory
purposes pursuant to any stock purchase plan, stock option plan, equity incentive plan or other plan or arrangement approved by the
Board of Directors (or the Compensation Committee thereof) at any time. Reg A Issuances means an issuance of Common
Stock (or units consisting of Common Stock and warrants) pursuant to an offering by the Company under Regulation A so long as the
offering price of each share of Common Stock is equal to or greater than 0.10 (subject to adjustment for any stock split, stock
combination, or other similar transactions; and for the avoidance of doubt, assuming any such warrants have no value), provided,
however, that if an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) occurs at any time, then this Section 1.6(e) of this Note shall apply
to each and every Reg A Issuance on or after the Issue Date as well as the exercise price of any common stock purchase warrants
issued as part of a unit in connection with a Reg A Issuance. 

(f) Notice
of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events
described in Section 1.6 of this Note, the Borrower shall, at its expense and within one (1) business day after the occurrence of
each respective adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price, compute such adjustment or readjustment and prepare and furnish
to the Holder a certificate setting forth (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such time based upon the Dilutive Issuance, (ii) the
number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities or property which at the time would be received upon
conversion of the Note, (iii) the detailed facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based, and (iv) copies of the
documentation (including but not limited to relevant transaction documents) that evidences the adjustment or readjustment. In
addition, the Borrower shall, within one (1) business day after each written request from the Holder, furnish to such Holder a like
certificate setting forth (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such time based upon the Dilutive Issuance, (ii) the number of
shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities or property which at the time would be received upon conversion
of the Note, (iii) the detailed facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based, and (iv) copies of the documentation
(including but not limited to relevant transaction documents) that evidences the adjustment or readjustment. For the avoidance of
doubt, each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events described in Section 1.6 of this Note shall
occur without any action by the Holder and regardless of whether the Borrower complied with the notification provisions in Section
1.6 of this Note. 

7 

1.7 [Intentionally
Omitted] . 

1.8 Status
as Shareholder. Upon submission of a Notice of Conversion by a Holder, (i) the Conversion Shares covered thereby (other than the
Conversion Shares, if any, which cannot be issued because their issuance would exceed such Holder s allocated portion of the
Reserved Amount or Maximum Share Amount) shall be deemed converted into shares of Common Stock and (ii) the Holder s rights as
a Holder of such converted portion of this Note shall cease and terminate, excepting only the right to receive certificates for such
shares of Common Stock and to any remedies provided herein or otherwise available at law or in equity to such Holder because of a
failure by the Borrower to comply with the terms of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Holder has not received
certificates for all shares of Common Stock prior to the tenth (10th) business day after the expiration of the Deadline with respect
to a conversion of any portion of this Note for any reason, then (unless the Holder otherwise elects to retain its status as a
holder of Common Stock by so notifying the Borrower) the Holder shall regain the rights of a Holder of this Note with respect to
such unconverted portions of this Note and the Borrower shall, as soon as practicable, return such unconverted Note to the Holder
or, if the Note has not been surrendered, adjust its records to reflect that such portion of this Note has not been converted. In
all cases, the Holder shall retain all of its rights and remedies for the Borrower s failure to convert this Note. 

1.9 Prepayment. At
any time prior to the date that an Event of Default occurs under this Note, the Borrower shall have the right, exercisable on three
(3) Trading Days prior written notice to the Holder of the Note, to prepay the outstanding Principal Amount and interest then due
under this Note in accordance with this Section 1.9. Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an Optional Prepayment
Notice shall be delivered to the Holder of the Note at its registered addresses and shall state: (1) that the Borrower is
exercising its right to prepay the Note, and (2) the date of prepayment which shall be three (3) Trading Days from the date of the
Optional Prepayment Notice (the Optional Prepayment Date ). On the Optional Prepayment Date, the Borrower shall make
payment of the amounts designated below to or upon the order of the Holder as specified by the Holder in writing to the Borrower. If
the Borrower exercises its right to prepay the Note in accordance with this Section 1.9, the Borrower shall make payment to the
Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum of: (w) 100 multiplied by the Principal Amount then outstanding plus (x)
accrued and unpaid interest on the Principal Amount to the Optional Prepayment Date plus (y) 750.00 to reimburse Holder for
administrative fees. 

If
the Borrower delivers an Optional Prepayment Notice and fails to pay the applicable prepayment amount due to the Holder of the Note as
provided in this Section 1.9, then the Borrower shall forever forfeit its right to prepay any part of the Note pursuant to this Section
1.9. 

1.10 Repayment
from Proceeds . If, at any time prior to the full repayment or full conversion of all amounts owed under this Note, the Company
receives cash proceeds from any source or series of related or unrelated sources from the issuance of equity (excluding the
conversion of outstanding warrants of the Company), debt or the issuance of securities pursuant to an Equity Line of Credit (as
defined in this Note)) of the Borrower, the Borrower shall, within three (3) business days of Borrower s receipt of such
proceeds, inform the Holder of or publicly disclose such receipt, following which the Holder shall have the right in its sole
discretion to require the Borrower to immediately apply up to 50 of such proceeds to repay all or any portion of the outstanding
Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) then due under this Note. Failure of the Borrower to comply with this
provision shall constitute an Event of Default. Equity Line of Credit shall mean any transaction involving a written
agreement between the Company and an investor or underwriter whereby the Company has the right to put its Common Stock
to the investor or underwriter over an agreed period of time and at an agreed price or price formula (such Common Stock must be
registered pursuant to a registration statement of the Company for the investor s or underwriter s resale).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 1.10 of this Note shall not apply to any revenue from the sale of goods in the ordinary
course. 

ARTICLE
II. RANKING AND CERTAIN COVENANTS 

2.1 Ranking
and Security . This Note shall be a senior secured obligation of the Borrower, with priority over all existing and future
indebtedness of the Borrower, as provided in that certain Security Amendment (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the
 Security Amendment ). 

8 

2.2 Other
Indebtedness . In addition to all obligations under the Security Amendment, for so long as the Borrower shall have any obligation
under this Note, the Borrower shall not (directly or indirectly through any Subsidiary or affiliate) incur or suffer to exist or
guarantee any indebtedness that is senior to or pari passu with (in priority of payment and performance) the Borrower s
obligations hereunder, including but not limited to (a) all indebtedness of the Borrower for borrowed money or for the deferred
purchase price of property or services, including any type of letters of credit, (b) all obligations of the Borrower evidenced by
notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments, (c) purchase money indebtedness hereafter incurred by the Borrower to finance
the purchase of fixed or capital assets, including all capital lease obligations of the Borrower which do not exceed the purchase
price of the assets funded, (d) all guarantee obligations of the Borrower in respect of obligations of the kind referred to in
clauses (a) through (c) above that the Borrower would not be permitted to incur or enter into, and (e) all obligations of the kind
referred to in clauses (a) through (d) above that the Borrower is not permitted to incur or enter into that are secured and/or
unsecured by (or for which the holder of such obligation has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured and/or
unsecured by) any lien or encumbrance on property (including accounts and contract rights) owned by the Borrower, whether or not the
Borrower has assumed or become liable for the payment of such obligation. 

2.3 Distributions
on Capital Stock. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the
Holder s written consent pay, declare or set apart for such payment, any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash,
property or other securities) on shares of capital stock other than dividends on shares of Common Stock solely in the form of
additional shares of Common Stock. 

2.4 Restriction
on Stock Repurchases and Debt Repayments. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall
not without the Holder s written consent redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire (whether for cash or in exchange for property
or other securities or otherwise) in any one transaction or series of related transactions any shares of capital stock of the
Borrower or any warrants, rights or options to purchase or acquire any such shares, or repay any pari passu or subordinated
indebtedness of Borrower. 

2.5 Sale
of Assets. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s
written consent, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets outside the ordinary course of business.
Any consent by the Holder to the disposition of any assets may be conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds of
disposition. 

2.6 Advances
and Loans; Affiliate Transactions. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not,
without the Holder s written consent, lend money, give credit or make advances to any person, firm, joint venture or
corporation, including, without limitation, officers, directors, employees, subsidiaries and affiliates of the Borrower, except
loans, credits or advances (a) in existence or committed on the Issue Date and which the Borrower has informed Holder in writing
prior to the Issue Date, (b) in regard to transactions with unaffiliated third parties, made in the ordinary course of business or
(c) in regard to transactions with unaffiliated third parties, not in excess of 100,000. So long as the Borrower shall have any
obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s written consent, repay any affiliate (as defined in
Rule 144) of the Borrower in connection with any indebtedness or accrued amounts owed to any such party. 

2.7 Section
3(a)(9) or 3(a)(10) Transaction . So long as this Note is outstanding, the Borrower shall not enter into any transaction or
arrangement structured in accordance with, based upon, or related or pursuant to, in whole or in part, either Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act (a 3(a)(9) Transaction or Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act (a 3(a)(10)
Transaction ). In the event that the Borrower does enter into, or makes any issuance of Common Stock related to a 3(a)(9)
Transaction or a 3(a)(10) Transaction while this note is outstanding, a liquidated damages charge of 25 of the outstanding
principal balance of this Note, but not less than 25,000, will be assessed and will become immediately due and payable to the
Holder at its election in the form of a cash payment or added to the balance of this Note (under Holder s and Borrower s
expectation that this amount will tack back to the Issue Date). This Section 2.7 shall not apply to the Company s existing
convertible notes issued prior to the Issue Date. 

2.8 Preservation
of Business and Existence, etc . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not,
without the Holder s written consent, (a) change the nature of its business; (b) sell, divest, change the structure of any
material assets other than in the ordinary course of business; (c) enter into a Variable Rate Transaction; or (d) enter into any
merchant cash advance transactions. In addition, so long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower
shall maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its existence, rights and privileges, and
become or remain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries (other than dormant Subsidiaries that have no or minimum assets) to become or
remain, duly qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or
in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary. 

9 

2.9 Noncircumvention .
The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate or Articles of Incorporation or
Bylaws, or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note,
and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required to protect the
rights of the Holder. 

2.10 Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Note . Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft,
destruction or mutilation of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the
Holder to the Company in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company
shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Note. 

ARTICLE
III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

It
shall be considered an event of default if any of the following events listed in this Article III (each, an Event of Default shall occur: 

3.1 Failure
to Pay Principal or Interest. The Borrower fails to pay the Principal Amount hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note,
whether at maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, or fails to fully comply with Section 1.10 of this Note (provided, however,
that such failure to fully comply with Section 1.10 of this Note shall be subject to a five (5) calendar day cure
period). 

3.2 Conversion
and the Shares. The Borrower (i) fails to issue Conversion Shares to the Holder (or announces or threatens in writing that it
will not honor its obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the
terms of this Note, (ii) fails to transfer or cause its transfer agent to transfer (issue) (electronically or in certificated form)
any certificate for the Conversion Shares issuable to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when
required by this Note, (iii) fails to reserve the Reserved Amount at all times on and after the earlier of (i) the date that an
Event of Default occurs under this Note and (ii) the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date, (iv) the Borrower
directs its transfer agent not to transfer or delays, impairs, and/or hinders its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)
(electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for the Conversion Shares issuable to the Holder upon conversion of or
otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, or fails to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove
or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer
instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Conversion Shares issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise
pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note (or makes any written announcement, statement or threat that it does not
intend to honor the obligations described in this paragraph) and any such failure shall continue uncured (or any written
announcement, statement or threat not to honor its obligations shall not be rescinded in writing) for two (2) Trading Days after the
Holder shall have delivered a Notice of Conversion, and/or (v) fails to remain current in its obligations to its transfer agent
(including but not limited to payment obligations to its transfer agent). It shall be an Event of Default of this Note, if a
conversion of this Note is delayed, hindered or frustrated due to a balance owed by the Borrower to its transfer agent. If at the
option of the Holder, the Holder advances any funds to the Borrower s transfer agent in order to process a conversion, such
advanced funds shall be added to the principal balance of the Note. 

3.3 Breach
of Agreements and Covenants. The Borrower breaches any material covenant, agreement, or other material term or condition
contained in the Purchase Agreement, this Note, Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, Warrant (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement), or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith or
therewith. 

3.4 Breach
of Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made in the Purchase Agreement, this Note,
Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, Warrant, or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or
in connection herewith or therewith shall be false or misleading in any material respect when made. 

3.5 Receiver
or Trustee. The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply for
or consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such a
receiver or trustee shall otherwise be appointed. 

10 

3.6 Judgments. Any
money judgment, writ or similar process shall be entered or filed against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower or any of
its property or other assets for more than 100,000, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty (20)
days unless otherwise consented to by the Holder, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. 

3.7 Bankruptcy. Bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief under any
bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the
Borrower. 

3.8 Failure
to Comply with the 1934 Act. At any time after the date that is ten (10) calendar days after the Issue Date, the Borrower shall
fail to comply with the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act (subject to a five Trading Day right to cure) and/or the Borrower
shall cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. 

3.9 Liquidation. Any
dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business. 

3.10 Cessation
of Operations. Any cessation of operations by Borrower or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts as
such debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrower s ability to continue as a going
concern shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due. 

3.11 Maintenance
of Assets. The failure by Borrower to maintain any material intellectual property rights, personal, real property or other
assets which are necessary to conduct its business (whether now or in the future). 

3.12 Financial
Statement Restatement. The restatement of any financial statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC for any date or period
from two years prior to the Issue Date of this Note and until this Note is no longer outstanding unless the Borrower restates such
financial statements within fifteen (15) calendar days after the date that the Borrower discloses its need to restate such financial
statements in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

3.13 Replacement
of Transfer Agent. In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide, prior
to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the
Reserved Amount) signed by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower. 

3.14 Cross-Default .
The declaration of an event of default by any lender or other extender of credit to the Company under any notes, loans, agreements
or other instruments of the Company evidencing any indebtedness of the Company (including those filed as exhibits to or described in
the Company s filings with the SEC), after the passage of all applicable notice and cure or grace periods. 

3.15 Variable
Rate Transactions . The Borrower consummates a Variable Rate Transaction at any time on or after the Issue Date. 

3.16 Inside
Information . Any attempt by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates to transmit, convey, disclose, or any
actual transmittal, conveyance, or disclosure by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates of, material non-public
information concerning the Borrower, to the Holder or its successors and assigns, which is not immediately cured by Borrower s
filing of a Form 8-K pursuant to Regulation FD on that same date. 

3.17 Unavailability
of Rule 144 . If, at any time on or after the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date, the Holder is unable to
obtain a standard 144 legal opinion letter from an attorney in order to facilitate the Holder s conversion of
any portion of the Note into free trading shares of the Borrower s Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144. 

11 

3.18 Delisting,
Suspension, or Quotation of Trading of Common Stock . If, at any time on or after the Issue Date, the Borrower s Common
Stock (i) is suspended from trading, (ii) halted from trading, and/or (iii) fails to be quoted or listed (as applicable) on a
Principal Market. 

3.19 Market
Capitalization . The Borrower fails to maintain a market capitalization of at least 2,500,000 on any Trading Day, which shall
be calculated by multiplying (i) the closing price of the Borrower s common stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the
respective date of calculation by (ii) the total shares of the Borrower s common stock issued and outstanding on the Trading
Day immediately preceding the respective date of calculation. 

3.20 Rights
and Remedies Upon an Event of Default . Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default specified in this Article III, this Note
shall become immediately due and payable, and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations
hereunder, an amount equal to the Principal Amount then outstanding plus accrued interest (including any Default Interest) through
the date of full repayment multiplied by 150 (collectively the Default Amount ), as well as all costs, including,
without limitation, legal fees and expenses, of collection, all without demand, presentment or notice, all of which hereby are
expressly waived by the Borrower. Holder may, in Holder s sole discretion, convert all or any portion of this Note (including
the Default Amount) into Common Stock pursuant to the terms of this Note. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default under this
Note, the Holder may, in Holder s sole discretion, adjust the Conversion Price to fifty percent of the Conversion Price then
in effect at the time of such Event of Default under this Note (subject to adjustment as provided in this Note, including but not
limited to appropriate adjustments for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, rights offerings, reclassification or
similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock). The Holder shall be entitled to exercise all
other rights and remedies available at law or in equity. 

Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default, and in addition to any other right or remedy of the Holder hereunder, under the related transaction
documents, or otherwise at law or in equity, the Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes and empowers Holder or its legal counsel, each
as the Borrower s attorney-in-fact, to appear ex parte and with notice to the Borrower to confess judgment against the Borrower
for the unpaid amount of this Note. The judgment shall set forth the amount then due hereunder, plus attorney s fees and cost of
suit, and to release all errors, and waive all rights of appeal. The Borrower waives the right to contest Holder s rights under
this section, including without limitation the right to any stay of execution and the benefit of all exemption laws now or hereafter
in effect. No single exercise of the foregoing right and power to confess judgment will be deemed to exhaust such power, whether or not
any such exercise shall be held by any court to be invalid, voidable, or void, and such power shall continue undiminished and may be
exercised from time to time as the Holder may elect until all amounts owing on this Note have been paid in full. The Borrower shall provide
a signed and notarized copy of the of the affidavit of confession of judgment attached hereto as Exhibit B on or before
the Closing Date. 

ARTICLE
IV. MISCELLANEOUS 

4.1 Failure
or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude
other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies of the Holder existing
hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. 

4.2 Notices. All
notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and,
unless otherwise specified herein, shall be transmitted by e-mail, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such
party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given
hereunder shall be deemed effective upon delivery by e-mail, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting machine, at
the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be
received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours
where such notice is to be received). The addresses for such communications shall be: 

If
to the Borrower, to: 

NIGHTFOOD
HOLDINGS, INC. 

 520
White Plains Road, Suite 500 

 Tarrytown,
New York 10591 

 Attention:
Sean Folkson 

 e-mail:
sean@nightfood.com 

12 

If
to the Holder: 

MAST
HILL FUND, L.P. 

 48
Parker Road 

 Wellesley,
MA 02482 

 e-mail:
admin@masthillfund.com 

4.3 Amendments. This
Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder. The term
 Note and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument as originally executed,
or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented. 

4.4 Assignability. This
Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its
successors and assigns. Neither the Borrower nor the Holder shall assign this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder without
the prior written consent of the other. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holder may assign its rights hereunder to any
 accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act) in a private transaction from the Holder or to any of
its affiliates , as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Borrower. Notwithstanding
anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note may be pledged as collateral in connection with a bona fide margin account or other
lending arrangement. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that following conversion of a
portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note represented by this Note may be less than the amount
stated on the face hereof. 

4.5 Cost
of Collection. If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection,
including reasonable attorneys fees. 

4.6 Governing
Law; Venue; Attorney s Fees. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
Nevada without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the
transactions contemplated by this Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be
brought only in the state courts located in the State of Nevada or federal courts located in the State of Nevada. The Borrower
hereby irrevocably waives any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any
defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . THE BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES
ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH
OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of
process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Note or any other agreement,
certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or
overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees
that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be
deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. The prevailing party in any action or
dispute brought in connection with this the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or
thereby shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. 

4.7 Certain
Amounts. Whenever pursuant to this Note the Borrower is required to pay an amount in excess of the outstanding Principal Amount
(or the portion thereof required to be paid at that time) plus accrued and unpaid interest plus Default Interest on such interest,
the Borrower and the Holder agree that the actual damages to the Holder from the receipt of cash payment on this Note may be
difficult to determine and the amount to be so paid by the Borrower represents stipulated damages and not a penalty and is intended
to compensate the Holder in part for loss of the opportunity to convert this Note and to earn a return from the sale of shares of
Common Stock acquired upon conversion of this Note at a price in excess of the price paid for such shares pursuant to this Note. The
Borrower and the Holder hereby agree that such amount of stipulated damages is not plainly disproportionate to the possible loss to
the Holder from the receipt of a cash payment without the opportunity to convert this Note into shares of Common Stock. 

13 

4.8 Purchase
Agreement. The Company and the Holder shall be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement and the documents entered
into in connection herewith and therewith. 

4.9 Notice
of Corporate Events. Except as otherwise provided below, the Holder of this Note shall have no rights as a Holder of Common
Stock unless and only to the extent that it converts this Note into Common Stock. The Borrower shall provide the Holder with prior
notification of any meeting of the Borrower s shareholders (and copies of proxy materials and other information sent to
shareholders). In the event of any taking by the Borrower of a record of its shareholders for the purpose of determining
shareholders who are entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or
otherwise acquire (including by way of merger, consolidation, reclassification or recapitalization) any share of any class or any
other securities or property, or to receive any other right, or for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to vote
in connection with any change in control or any proposed liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Borrower, the Borrower shall
mail a notice to the Holder, at least twenty (20) days prior to the record date specified therein (or thirty (30) days prior to the
consummation of the transaction or event, whichever is earlier), of the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose
of such dividend, distribution, right or other event, and a brief statement regarding the amount and character of such dividend,
distribution, right or other event to the extent known at such time. The Borrower shall make a public announcement of any event
requiring notification to the Holder hereunder substantially simultaneously with the notification to the Holder in accordance with
the terms of this Section 4.9. 

4.10 Remedies. The
Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by vitiating the
intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at law for a
breach of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the
Borrower of the provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in
equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any
breach of this Note and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and
without any bond or other security being required. 

4.11 Construction;
Headings . This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and all the Holder and shall not be construed against
any person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect
the interpretation of, this Note. 

4.12 Usury .
To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and
will resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time
hereafter in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Holder in order to enforce any right or
remedy under this Note. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Note, it is expressly agreed and provided
that the total liability of the Company under this Note for payments which under the applicable law are in the nature of interest
shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate ), and, without limiting the
foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums which
under the applicable law in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under this Note exceed such Maximum
Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by applicable law and applicable to this Note is increased
or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the Issue Date, the new maximum contract rate of interest
allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to this Note from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is
precluded by applicable law. If under any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to
the Holder with respect to indebtedness evidenced by this the Note, such excess shall be applied by the Holder to the unpaid
principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at the
Holder s election. 

4.13 Severability. In
the event that any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law (including any
judicial ruling), then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed
modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Note. 

4.14 Dispute
Resolution . In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount
or Default Amount, Issue, Closing or Maturity Date, the closing bid price, or fair market value (as the case may be) or the
arithmetic calculation of the Conversion Price or the applicable prepayment amount(s) (as the case may be), the Borrower or the
Holder shall submit the disputed determinations or arithmetic calculations via electronic mail (i) within two (2) Trading Days after
receipt of the applicable notice giving rise to such dispute to the Borrower or the Holder or (ii) if no notice gave rise to such
dispute, at any time after the Holder learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Borrower are
unable to agree upon such determination or calculation within two (2) Trading Days of such disputed determination or arithmetic
calculation (as the case may be) being submitted to the Borrower or the Holder, then the Borrower shall, within two (2) Trading
Days, submit (a) the disputed determination of the Conversion Price, the closing bid price, the or fair market value (as the case
may be) to an independent, reputable investment bank selected by the Borrower and approved by the Holder or (b) the disputed
arithmetic calculation of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount or Default Amount, to an independent,
outside accountant selected by the Holder that is reasonably acceptable to the Borrower. The Borrower shall cause at its expense the
investment bank or the accountant to perform the determinations or calculations and notify the Borrower and the Holder of the
results no later than two (2) Trading Days from the time it receives such disputed determinations or calculations. Such investment
bank s or accountant s determination or calculation shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable
error. 

[signature
page follows] 

14 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer on October 5, 2023. 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Name: Sean Folkson 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

15 

EXHIBIT
A NOTICE OF CONVERSION 

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert principal amount of the Note (defined below) into that number of shares of Common Stock
to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note Common Stock as set forth below, of NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. ,
a Nevada corporation (the Borrower ), according to the conditions of the promissory note of the Borrower dated as of October
5, 2023 (the Note ), as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion, except for transfer
taxes, if any. 

Box
Checked as to applicable instructions: 

The
 Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned
 or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system DWAC Transfer ). 

Name
 of DTC Prime Broker: 

Account
 Number: 

The
 undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock set forth
 below (which numbers are based on the Holder s calculation attached hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if
 additional space is necessary, on an attachment hereto: 

Date of Conversion: 

Applicable Conversion Price: 

Number of Shares of Common Stock to be 
Issued Pursuant to Conversion of the Note: 

Amount of Principal Balance Due remaining 
Under the Note after this conversion: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

A- 1 

EXHIBIT
B CONFESSION OF JUDGMENT 

(see
attached) 

B- 1 

Affidavit
of Confession of Judgment 

STATE OF NEVADA 

----------------------------------------------------------------------- X 

MAST HILL FUND, L.P., 

Index No. 
 
 Plaintiff, 

AFFIDAVIT OF CONFESSION OF 
 
 - against - 
 JUDGMENT 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., 
 - 
 
 Defendant. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------- X 

STATE OF NEVADA 
 ss.: 

Sean
Folkson, being duly sworn, hereby deposes and says: 

1.
I am the Chief Executive Officer of defendant NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation Borrower ). As such, I am
fully familiar with all the facts and circumstances recited herein on personal knowledge. Borrower has its principal place of
business at 520 White Plains Road, Suite 500, Tarrytown, New York 10591. On behalf of the Borrower, I hereby confess judgment in
favor of MAST HILL FUND, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Mast Hill ), with its address at 48 Parker Road,
Wellesley, MA 02482, in the amount of 62,000.00, less any payments made on or after the date of this affidavit of confession of
judgment, plus Default Interest (as defined in the Note (as defined herein)) on said amount and all other applicable penalties under
the Note. In no event shall interest payable hereunder exceed the maximum permissible under applicable law. 

2.
I hereby authorize the federal courts and/or state courts located in the State of Nevada to enter judgment against Borrower in the
amount of in the amount of 62,000.00, less any payments made on or after the date of this affidavit of confession of judgment, plus
Default Interest on said amount and all other applicable penalties under the Note, plus the costs and attorneys fees that are
set forth below, less any payments made on or after the date of this affidavit of confession of judgment, upon Borrower s
failure for any reason to timely make any payment to Mast Hill called for by the promissory note between of the parties, dated
October 5, 2023 (the Note ), due to the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) under the
Note. 

B- 2 

3.
In order to secure these obligations, Borrower agreed to simultaneously deliver with the execution of the Note this Affidavit of
Confession of Judgment. 

4.
The sums confessed pursuant to this affidavit of confession of judgment are justly due and owing to Mast Hill under the following
circumstances: Borrower entered into the Note pursuant to which Borrower promised to pay to the order of Mast Hill the principal sum
of 62,000.00 plus interest as provided for therein. The amounts confessed by this affidavit represent a promissory note investment
by Mast Hill in Borrower and arise out of Borrower s breach of its obligations under the Note. 

5.
Borrower agrees to pay any and all costs and expenses incurred by Mast Hill in enforcing the terms of this affidavit of confession
of judgment, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses at the rate of 475.00 per hour that Mast Hill incurs or is
billed for in connection with enforcing the terms of the affidavit of confession of judgment, entering any Judgment, collecting upon
said Judgment, and defending or prosecuting any appeals. 

[signature
page to follow] 

B- 3 

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Name: Sean Folkson 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

STATE
OF ______________ 

 ss.: 

 COUNTY
OF ______________ 

ACKNOWLEDGMENT 

On
__________, 2023 before me personally came ________________________________________, to me known, who, by me duly sworn, did depose and
say that deponent is an officer of NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., the corporation described in, and which executed the foregoing affidavit
of confession of judgment, and that deponent signed deponent s name by like order. 

Notary Public 

[Signature
Page to Affidavit of Confession of Judgment] 

B- 4 

</EX-10.54>

<EX-31.1>
 21
 f10k2023ex31-1_nightfood.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Sean Folkson, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Form 10-K of NightFood Holdings, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

October 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Sean Folkson 

Sean Folkson 

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 22
 f10k2023ex32-1_nightfood.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the accompanying Annual Report
on Form 10-K of NightFood Holdings, Inc. for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, I, Sean Folkson, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
Officer of NightFood Holdings, Inc., hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief, that: 

1. Such
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of NightFood Holdings, Inc. 

October 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Sean Folkson 

Sean Folkson 

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 28
 ngtf-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 29
 ngtf-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 30
 ngtf-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 31
 ngtf-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 32
 ngtf-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

