<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231129_10-K_edgar_data_1346022_0001062993-23-021580.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6267665</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>142482</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1090339</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1461542</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1839271</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1423459</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001062993-23-021580.hdr.sgml : 20231129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231129132406
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-23-021580
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Enertopia Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001346022
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51866
		FILM NUMBER:		231450736

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		#18, 1873 SPALL ROAD
		CITY:			KELOWNA
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V1Y 4R2
		BUSINESS PHONE:		250-870-2219

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		#18, 1873 SPALL ROAD
		CITY:			KELOWNA
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V1Y 4R2

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Golden Aria Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051205

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001062993-23-021580.txt : 20231129

10-K
 1
 form10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Enertopia Corporation: Form 10-K - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 
 For the transition period from [ ] to [ ] 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , BRITISH 

COLUMBIA , CANADA 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: 
 - 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 

Name of Each Exchange On Which Registered 

N/A 

N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 N/A (Title of class) 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 the Securities Act. Yes [ ] [X] 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act Yes [ ] [X] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the last 90 days. [X] No [ ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). [X] No [ ] 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer [ ] 
 Accelerated filer [ ] 

[X]
 
 Smaller reporting company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has fi led a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting fi rm that prepared or issued its audit report. [ ] 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the fi ling reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). [ ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [ ] No 
 State the aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and ask price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 
 The aggregate market value of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on February 28, 2023 [147, 611,088] was based on a 0.051 closing price for the Common Stock on February 28, 2023. For purposes of this computation, all executive officers and directors have been deemed to be affiliates. Such determination should not be deemed to be an admission that such executive officers and directors are, in fact, affiliates of the Registrant. 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date. 
 common shares as of November 29, 2023 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 12 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 12 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 13 

Item 4. 
 (Removed and Reserved). 
 13 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 13 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 15 

Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 19 

Item 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 20 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 36 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 36 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 37 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 37 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 40 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 43 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 44 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 44 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 46 

PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 This annual report contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as "may", "should", "expects", "plans", "anticipates", "believes", "estimates", "predicts", "potential" or "continue" or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the section entitled "Risk Factors" that may cause our or our industry's actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 
 Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. 
 Our consolidated financial statements are stated in United States Dollars (US and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 
 In this annual report, unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars and all references to "common shares" refer to the common shares in our capital stock. 
 As used in this annual report and unless otherwise indicated, the terms "we", "us", "our", "our Company, "the Company", and "Enertopia" mean Enertopia Corp. 
 General Overview 
 Enertopia Corp. was formed on November 24, 2004 under the laws of the State of Nevada and commenced operations on November 24, 2004. 
 Enertopia is focused on building shareholder value through a combination of our Nevada Lithium claims and intellectual property patents in the green technology space. 
 The Company controls 88 unpatented mineral lode claims in Esmeralda County, NV staked covering 1,760 acres of land administrated by the BLM on February 25, 2022. T he Company has been focused on using modern technology on extracting lithium and verifying or sourcing other intellectual property in the EV green technology sectors in developing environmental solutions. In May and August 2023, it announced three non-provisional patents applicable to the above sectors. 
 The address of our principal executive office is #18 1873 Spall Rd., Kelowna, British Columbia V1Y 4R2. Our telephone number is (250) 870-2219. Our current location provides adequate office space for our purposes at this stage of our development. 
 Summary of Recent Business 
 On September 1, 2021 the Company granted 500,000 options to a consultant of the Company for 5yrs at 0.08 per common share. 
 On December 6, 2021, the Company issued 500,000 stock options to one of the consultants of the Company with an exercise price of 0.07 vested immediately, expiring December 6, 2026. 
 On December 6, 2021, the Company issued 250,000 stock options to one of the consultants of the Company with an exercise price of 0.07 vested immediately, expiring December 6, 2026. 
 On December 6, 2021, the Company issued 250,000 stock options to the president of the Company with an exercise price of 0.07 vested immediately, expiring December 6, 2026. 
 On February 23, 2022, the Company accepted an offer subject to shareholder approval to sell the 160 Acre mineral property in Clayton Valley Nevada to Cypress Development (Nevada) Inc. for 1,100,000 cash with a deposit of 50,000 being paid on signing and the issuance of 3,000,000 common shares of Cypress Development Corp. 
 On February 25, 2022, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares at 0.04 to one consultant of the Company and 2,500 cash. 
 
 4 

On February 25, 2022, the Company received confirmation of staking 1,760 Acres of 88 unpatented lode claims in Esmeralda County, Nevada. 
 On April 29, 2022, at the Company's SGM shareholders voted 99.12 45,021,336 in favor, 0.46 209,236 against and 0.42 189,752 abstained, for the resolution to sell the 160 acre clayton valley property. 
 On May 4, 2022, the Company closed the sale of the 160 acre clayton valley property and received the remaining 1,050,000 in cash and the issuance of 3,000,000 shares of Cypress Development Corp on closing, as per the agreement. 
 On May 23, 2022 the Company announced the filing of Non provisional patent #1, known as the 
 Enertopia Solar Booster TM 
 On May 23, 2022 the Company announced the filing of Non provisional patent #2, known as Enertopia Heat Extractor TM 
 On August 15, 2022 the Company announced the filing of Non provisional patent #3, known as Enertopia Rain Maker TM 
 On August 18, 2022 the Company issued 1,000,000 stock options to two Directors of the Company with an exercise price of 0.06 vested immediately, expiring August 18, 2027. 
 On August 18, 2022 the Company issued 1,000,000 stock options to Chief Financial Officer of the Company with an exercise price of 0.06 vested immediately, expiring August 18, 2027. 
 On January 9, 2023, the Company's shares began trading on the Canadian Securities Exchange ("CSE") under the trading symbol ENRT. 
 On March 22, 2023, the Company held its 2023 annual meeting of stockholders At the Annual Meeting, the Company's stockholders voted on (1) the election of the following individuals to the board of directors: Robert McAllister, Kevin Brown, John Nelson; (2) the ratification of the appointment of Davidson Company LLP ("Davidson Company") as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending August 31, 2023; (3) approval of the increase in the Company's authorized share capital to 500,000,000 shares of common stock; (4) advisory vote on executive compensation; and (5) approval of the Company's 2023 stock option plan. All proposals were approved. 
 Chronological Overview of our Business over the Last Five Years 
 On October 28, 2019, the Company signed an LOI with Eagle Plains Resources Ltd. ("Eagle Plains"). To earn up to 75 interest in the Pine Channel gold project in Saskatchewan, Canada (the "Pine Channel SK Property"). The terms of the LOI included periodic payments cash payments, exploration expenditures, as well as issuance of common shares of the Company. Upon signing the LOI, the Company issued 1,000,000 of its common shares to Eagle Plains, valued at 11,489. 
 On December 13 th 2019 the Company dropped the LOI with Eagle Plains Resources Ltd. 
 On December 31 st 2019 the Company dropped its Canadian Securities Listing (CSE). 
 On December 31 st 2019 the Company accepted the resignation of directors Kristian Ross and Kevin Brown. 
 On February 11 th 2020 the Company signed a 1 Royalty agreement with respect to any future commercial lithium production from the Company's Clayton Valley, Nevada claims in exchange for 200,000. The Company has a right of first refusal to repurchase the royalty upon any proposed sale by the royalty holder to a third party. 
 On February 25 th 2020 the Company signed Mark Snyder to a one year Technology Advisory Board. Monthly contract rate of 1,000 per month and the issuance of 2,000,000 stock options valid for two years at a strike price of 0.02 per share. 
 On April 2, 2020 the Company announced its maiden 43-101 Lithium resource report. The project this report referenced was sold on May 5, 2022 for 1,050,000 in cash and 3,000,000 shares of Cypress Development Corp (renamed to Century Lithium). 
 On October 30 th , 2020 the Company signed a 1 Royalty agreement with respect to any future commercial lithium production from the Company's Clayton Valley, Nevada claims in exchange for 250,000. The Company has a right of first refusal to repurchase the royalty upon any proposed sale by the royalty holder to a third party. 
 
 5 

On February 25, 2022, the Company had 88 unpatented mineral lode claims in Esmeralda County, NV staked covering 1,760 acres of land administrated by the BLM. 
 During May of 2022, the Company began filing two provisional patents in the Clean Technology segment of our business with 2 more filings occurring during May and August of 2022 for a total of four filings. 
 Our Current Business 
 Enertopia is engaged in the business of Lithium exploration at their Nevada claims, along with performing research and development and holding intellectual property non provisional pending patents in the green technology space. 
 Mineral Property 
 West Tonopah Lithium 
 On February 25, 2022, the Company had 88 unpatented mineral lode claims in Esmeralda County, NV staked covering 1,760 acres of land administrated by the BLM. The property is in good standing until September 3, 2024. Estimated respective yearly holding fees to the BLM 14,520 and 1,068 to Esmeralda County NV. 

Enertopia Claim name 
 State or Federal Agency 
 Claim number from 
 Claim number to 

MS 1-88 
 BLM 
 NV 105296951 
 NV 105297038 

MS 1-88 
 Esmeralda County, NV 
 230856 
 230943 

Company completed its maiden drill program in June 2022, second phase drill program April 2023 and has a pending 43-101 Technical Resource report pending publication. Further information can be found at www.enertopia.com. 
 CLEAN TECHNOLOGY 
 The company continues to test off-the-shelf technology under the potential for lower capex scenarios in lithium extraction. 
 NON PROVISIONAL PATENTS 
 On May 23, 2022 the Company announced the filing of Non provisional patent #1, known as the Enertopia Solar Booster TM . The Enertopia Solar Booster captures heat from the solar panels, increasing PV output enhancing production and increasing the lifetime of the PV panels. 
 On May 23, 2022 the Company announced the filing of Non provisional patent #2, known as Enertopia Heat Extractor TM Heat Extractor Technology can be used behind the PV panels or in a glazed format on their own to create liquid temperatures to 200 degrees F. 
 On August 15, 2022 the Company announced the filing of Non provisional patent #3, known as Enertopia Rainmaker TM By cooling the backside of the PV panels below the dew point the atmospheric moisture condenses on the back side of the panel and drips as rain into the tray collecting the water. 
 On November 4, 2021, the Company announced the provisional patent filing known as Energy Management System, this was subsequently filed as a non-provisional patent on November 2, 2022, and is undergoing USPTO review. 
 Summary 
 The continuation of our business is dependent upon obtaining further financing, a successful program of development, and, finally, achieving a profitable level of operations. The issuance of additional equity securities by us could result in a significant dilution in the equity interests of our current stockholders. Obtaining commercial loans, assuming those loans would be available, will increase our liabilities and future cash commitments. 
 There are no assurances that we will be able to obtain further funds required for our continued operations. As noted herein, we are pursuing various financing alternatives to meet our immediate and long-term financial requirements. There can be no assurance that additional financing will be available to us when needed or, if available, that it can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. If we are not able to obtain the additional financing on a timely basis, we will be unable to conduct our operations as planned, and we will not be able to meet our other obligations as they become due. In such event, we will be forced to scale down or perhaps even cease our operations. There is significant uncertainty as to whether we can obtain additional financing. 
 
 6 

Employees 
 We primarily used the services of sub-contractors and consultants for our intended business operations. Our technical consultant is Mr. McAllister, our president, CEO and a director. 
 On November 30, 2007, Mr. McAllister was appointed as our President and on April 14, 2008 he was appointed as a director. On July 31, 2017, Mr. McAllister was appointed interim CFO. Mr. McAllister voluntarily suspended and terminated accrual of these consulting fees commencing on December 1, 2019 and continuing until such time as the Company's financial condition permits a resumption of such cost. On May 1, 2022, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with President of the Company for 9,500 per month plus goods and services tax ("GST") on a continuing basis. On August 16 th Mr. McAllister resigned from the interim CFO position. 
 The Company has a consulting agreement with the CFO of the Company Mr. Allan Spissinger for corporate administration and consulting services for 7,500 per quarter plus goods and services tax ("GST") on a continuing basis. 
 We do not expect any material changes in the number of employees over the next 12-month period. We do and will continue to outsource contract employment as needed. 
 Research and Development 
 We have incurred 965,361 in research and development expenditures over the last two fiscal years. 
 
 7 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Our business operations are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to those set forth below: 
 Risks Associated with Our Business 
 Our company has no operating history and an evolving business model. Which raises doubt about our ability to achieve profitability or obtain financing. 
 Our Company has no operating history. Moreover, our business model is still evolving, subject to change, and will rely on the cooperation and participation of our joint venture partners. Our Company's ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to obtain adequate financing and to reach profitable levels of operations has and we no proven history of performance, earnings or success. There can be no assurance that we will achieve profitability or obtain future financing. 
 Uncertain demand for mineral resources sector may cause our business plan to be unprofitable. 
 Demand for mineral resources is based on the world economy and new technologies. Current lithium demand exceeds available supply due to the rapid increase in lithium batteries in portable electronics and the growing electric vehicle markets. There can be no assurance that current supply and demand factors will remain the same or that projected supply and demand factors will actually come to pass from 3 rd party projections that are currently believed to be true and accurate. There can be no assurance that new disruptive technologies will replace lithium as a significant component in battery storage over time. 
 Conflicts of interest between our company and our directors and officers may result in a loss of business opportunity. 
 Our directors and officers are not obligated to commit their full time and attention to our business and, accordingly, they may encounter a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our future operations and those of other businesses. In the course of their other business activities, they may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as other entities to which they owe a fiduciary duty. As a result, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. They may also in the future become affiliated with entities, engaged in business activities similar to those we intend to conduct. 
 In general, officers and directors of a corporation are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: 

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity is within the corporation's line of business; and 

it would be unfair to the corporation and its stockholders not to bring the opportunity to the attention of the corporation. 

We plan to adopt a code of ethics that obligates our directors, officers and employees to disclose potential conflicts of interest and prohibits those persons from engaging in such transactions without our consent. Despite our intentions, conflicts of interest may nevertheless arise which may deprive our company of a business opportunity, which may impede the successful development of our business and negatively impact the value of an investment in our company. 
 The speculative nature of our business plan may result in the loss of your investment. 
 Our operations are in the start-up or early stage only and are unproven. We may not be successful in implementing our business plan to become profitable. There may be less demand for our services than we anticipate. There is no assurance that our business will succeed, and you may lose your entire investment. 
 Changing consumer preferences may cause our planned products to be unsuccessful in the marketplace. 
 The decision of a potential client to undergo an environmental audit or review may be based on ethical or commercial reasons. In some instances, or with certain businesses, there may be no assurance that an environmental review will result in any cost savings or increased revenues. As such, unless the ethical consideration is also a material factor, there may be no incentive for such businesses to undertake an environmental review. Changes in consumer and commercial preferences, or trends, toward or away from environmental issues may impact on businesses" decisions to undergo environmental reviews. 
 General economic factors may negatively impact the market for our planned products. 
 The willingness of businesses to spend time and money on energy efficiency may be dependent upon general economic conditions; and any material downturn may reduce the likelihood of businesses incurring costs toward what some businesses may consider a discretionary expense item. 
 
 8 

A wide range of economic and logistical factors may negatively impact our operating results. 
 Our operating results will be affected by a wide variety of factors that could materially affect revenues and profitability, including the timing and cancellation of customer orders and projects, competitive pressures on pricing, availability of personnel, and market acceptance of our services. As a result, we may experience material fluctuations in future operating results on a quarterly and annual basis which could materially affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Changes in environmental regulations may have an impact on our operations 
 We believe that we currently comply with existing environmental laws and regulations affecting our proposed operations. While there are no currently known proposed changes in these laws or regulations, significant changes have affected the industry in the past and additional changes may occur in the future. The company is subject to the Bureau of Land Management ("BLM"), State and potentially other government agencies with respect to its lithium brine business. 
 Our operations may be subject to environmental laws, regulations and rules promulgated from time to time by government. In addition, certain types of operations require the submission and approval of environmental impact assessments. Environmental legislation is evolving in a manner that means stricter standards and enforcement. Fines and penalties for non-compliance are more stringent. Environmental assessments of proposed projects carry a heightened degree of responsibility for companies, directors, officers and employees. The cost of compliance with changes in governmental regulations has potential to reduce the profitability of operations. We intend to comply with all environmental regulations in the United States and Canada. 
 If we fail to effectively and efficiently advertise, the growth of our business may be compromised. 
 The future growth and profitability of our business will be dependent in part on the effectiveness and efficiency of our advertising and promotional expenditures, including our ability to (i) create greater awareness of our products, (ii) determine the appropriate creative message and media mix for future advertising expenditures, and (iii) effectively manage advertising and promotional costs in order to maintain acceptable operating margins. There can be no assurance that we will experience benefits from advertising and promotional expenditures in the future. In addition, no assurance can be given that our planned advertising and promotional expenditures will result in increased revenues, will generate levels of service and name awareness or that we will be able to manage such advertising and promotional expenditures on a cost-effective basis. 
 Our success is dependent on our unproven ability to attract qualified personnel. 
 We depend on our ability to attract, retain and motivate our management team, consultants and advisors. There is strong competition for qualified technical and management personnel in the business sector, and it is expected that such competition will increase. Our planned growth will place increased demands on our existing resources and will likely require the addition of technical personnel and the development of additional expertise by existing personnel. There can be no assurance that our compensation packages will be sufficient to ensure the continued availability of qualified personnel who are necessary for the development of our business. 
 We have a limited operating history with losses, and we expect the losses to continue, which raises concerns about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 We have generated minimal revenues since our inception and will, in all likelihood, continue to incur operating expenses with minimal revenues until we are able to successfully develop our business. Our business plan will require us to incur further expenses. We may not be able to ever become profitable. These circumstances raise concerns about our ability to continue as a going concern. We have a limited operating history and must be considered in the start-up stage. 
 There is an explanatory paragraph to their audit opinion issued in connection with the consolidated financial statements for the year ended August 31, 2023 with respect to their doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended August 31, 2023, we have incurred cumulative losses of 14,526,485 that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Our management has been able, thus far, to finance the operations through equity financing and cash on hand. There is no assurance that our company will be able to continue to finance our company on this basis. 
 
 9 

Without additional financing to develop our business plan, our business may fail. 
 Because we have generated only minimal revenue from our business and cannot anticipate when we will be able to generate meaningful revenue from our business, we will need to raise additional funds to conduct and grow our business. We do not currently have sufficient financial resources to completely fund the development of our business plan. We anticipate that we will need to raise further financing. We do not currently have any arrangements for financing and we can provide no assurance to investors that we will be able to find such financing if required. The most likely source of future funds presently available to us is through the sale of equity capital. Any sale of share capital will result in dilution to existing security-holders. 
 We may not be able to obtain all of the licenses necessary to operate our business, which would cause our business to fail. 
 Our operations require licenses and permits from various governmental authorities related to the establishment of our planned facilities, to the production, storage and distribution of our products, and to the disposal of waste. We believe that we will be able to obtain all necessary licenses and permits under applicable laws and regulations for our operations and believe we will be able to comply in all material respects with the terms of such licenses and permits. However, such licenses and permits are subject to change in various circumstances. There can be no guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain all necessary licenses and permits. 
 If we are unable to recruit or retain qualified personnel, it could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and stock price. 
 Our success depends in large part on the continued services of our executive officers and third party relationships. We currently do not have key person insurance on these individuals. The loss of these people, especially without advance notice, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and our stock price. It is also very important that we be able to attract and retain highly skilled personnel, including technical personnel, to accommodate our exploration plans and to replace personnel who leave. Competition for qualified personnel can be intense, and there are a limited number of people with the requisite knowledge and experience. Under these conditions, we could be unable to recruit, train, and retain employees. If we cannot attract and retain qualified personnel, it could have a material adverse impact on our operating results and stock price. 
 If we fail to effectively manage our growth our future business results could be harmed and our managerial and operational resources may be strained. 
 As we proceed with our business plan, we expect to experience significant and rapid growth in the scope and complexity of our business. We will need to add staff to market our services, manage operations, handle sales and marketing efforts and perform finance and accounting functions. We will be required to hire a broad range of additional personnel in order to successfully advance our operations. This growth is likely to place a strain on our management and operational resources. The failure to develop and implement effective systems, or to hire and retain sufficient personnel for the performance of all of the functions necessary to effectively service and manage our potential business, or the failure to manage growth effectively, could have a materially adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 Risks Associated with the Shares of Our Company 
 Because we do not intend to pay any dividends on our shares, investors seeking dividend income or liquidity should not purchase our shares. 
 We have not declared or paid any dividends on our shares since inception, and do not anticipate paying any such dividends for the foreseeable future. We presently do not anticipate that we will pay dividends on any of our common stock in the foreseeable future. If payment of dividends does occur at some point in the future, it would be contingent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements, and general financial condition. The payment of any common stock dividends will be within the discretion of our Board of Directors. We presently intend to retain all earnings to implement our business plan; accordingly, we do not anticipate the declaration of any dividends for common stock in the foreseeable future. 
 Investors seeking dividend income or liquidity should not invest in our shares. 
 Because we can issue additional shares, purchasers of our shares may incur immediate dilution and may experience further dilution. 
 We are authorized to issue up to 500,000,000 shares. The board of directors of our company has the authority to cause us to issue additional shares, and to determine the rights, preferences and privileges of such shares, without consent of any of our stockholders. Consequently, our stockholders may experience more dilution in their ownership of our company in the future. 
 
 10 

Other Risks 
 Trading on the OCTQB and CSE may be volatile and sporadic, which could depress the market price of our common stock and make it difficult for our stockholders to resell their shares . 
 Our common stock is quoted on the OTCQB electronic quotation service operated by OTC Markets Group Inc. and on the CSE (Canadian Stock Exchange) a recognized Stock Exchange. Trading in stock quoted on the OTCQB is often thin and characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices, due to many factors that may have little to do with our operations or business prospects. This volatility could depress the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance. Moreover, the OTCQB is not a stock exchange, and trading of securities on the OTCQB is often more sporadic than the trading of securities listed on a quotation system like Nasdaq or a stock exchange like Amex. Accordingly, shareholders may have difficulty reselling shares. 
 Our stock is a penny stock. Trading of our stock may be restricted by the Securities and Exchange Commission's penny stock regulations which may limit a stockholder's ability to buy and sell our stock. 
 Our stock is a penny stock. The Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted Rule 15g-9 which generally defines "penny stock" to be any equity security that has a market price (as defined) less than 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Our securities are covered by the penny stock rules, which impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell to persons other than established customers and "accredited investors". The term "accredited investor" refers generally to institutions with assets in excess of 5,000,000 or individuals with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000 or 300,000 jointly with their spouse. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a form prepared by the Securities and Exchange Commission which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer's confirmation. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently, these penny stock rules may affect the ability of broker-dealers to trade our securities. We believe that the penny stock rules discourage investor interest in and limit the marketability of our common stock. 
 The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, has adopted sales practice requirements which may also limit a stockholder's ability to buy and sell our stock. 
 In addition to the "penny stock" rules described above, FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer's financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. 
 We believe that our operations comply, in all material respects, with all applicable environmental regulations. 
 Our operating partners maintain insurance coverage customary to the industry; however, we are not fully insured against all possible environmental risks. 
 Any change to government regulation/administrative practices may have a negative impact on our ability to operate and our profitability. 
 The laws, regulations, policies or current administrative practices of any government body, organization or regulatory agency in the United States, Canada, or any other jurisdiction, may be changed, applied or interpreted in a manner which will fundamentally alter the ability of our company to carry on our business. 
 The actions, policies or regulations, or changes thereto, of any government body or regulatory agency, or other special interest groups, may have a detrimental effect on us. Any or all of these situations may have a negative impact on our ability to operate and/or our profitably. 
 
 11 

Because we can issue additional shares, purchasers of our shares may incur immediate dilution and may experience further dilution. 
 We are authorized to issue up to 500,000,000 shares. The board of directors of our company has the authority to cause us to issue additional shares, and to determine the rights, preferences and privileges of such shares, without consent of any of our stockholders. Consequently, our stockholders may experience more dilution in their ownership of our company in the future. 
 Our by-laws contain provisions indemnifying our officers and directors against all costs, charges and expenses incurred by them. 
 Our by-laws contain provisions with respect to the indemnification of our officers and directors against all costs, charges and expenses, including an amount paid to settle an action or satisfy a judgment, actually and reasonably incurred by him, including an amount paid to settle an action or satisfy a judgment in a civil, criminal or administrative action or proceeding to which he is made a party by reason of his being or having been one of our directors or officers. 
 Investors' interests in our company will be diluted and investors may suffer dilution in their net book value per share if we issue additional shares or raise funds through the sale of equity securities. 
 Our constating documents authorize the issuance of 500,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of 0.001. In the event that we are required to issue any additional shares or enter into private placements to raise financing through the sale of equity securities, investors" interests in our company will be diluted and investors may suffer dilution in their net book value per share depending on the price at which such securities are sold. If we issue any such additional shares, such issuances also will cause a reduction in the proportionate ownership and voting power of all other shareholders. Further, any such issuance may result in a change in our control. 
 Our by-laws do not contain anti-takeover provisions, which could result in a change of our management and directors if there is a take-over of our company. 
 We do not currently have a shareholder rights plan or any anti-takeover provisions in our By-laws. Without any anti-takeover provisions, there is no deterrent for a take-over of our company, which may result in a change in our management and directors. 
 As a result of a majority of our directors and officers are residents of other countries other than the United States, investors may find it difficult to enforce, within the United States, any judgments obtained against our company or our directors and officers. 
 Our only office space is located Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada and we do not currently maintain a permanent place of business within the United States. In addition, a majority of our directors and officers are nationals and/or residents of countries other than the United States, and all or a substantial portion of such persons" assets are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to enforce within the United States any judgments obtained against our company or our officers or directors, including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof. 
 Trends, risks and uncertainties. 
 We have sought to identify what we believe to be the most significant risks to our business, but we cannot predict whether, or to what extent, any of such risks may be realized nor can we guarantee that we have identified all possible risks that might arise such as a black swan event. An absolute worst case scenario with sufficient potential impact to risk the future of the company as an independent business operating in its chosen markets. Significant reputational impact as a result of a major issue resulting in multiple fatalities, possibly compounded by apparently negligent management behavior; extreme adverse press coverage and viral social media linking the Company name to consumer brands, leads to a catastrophic share price fall, very significant loss of consumer confidence and inability to retain and recruit quality people. Investors should carefully consider all of such risk factors before making an investment decision with respect to our common shares. 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 As a "smaller reporting company", we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Executive Offices 
 The address of our executive office is #18 1873 Spall Rd., Kelowna, British Columbia V1Y 4R2. Our main telephone number is (250) 870-2219. Our current location provides adequate office space for our purposes at this stage of our development. 
 
 12 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against us, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our Company. 
 Item 4. (Removed and Reserved). 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Our common shares are quoted on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board and the OTCQB quotation service and on the CSE under the symbol "ENRT." Our CUSIP number is 29277Q 107. 
 The following quotations reflect the high and low bids for our common shares based on inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 
 The high and low bid prices of our common stock on the OTCQB quotation service and Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board for the periods indicated below are as follows: 

Quarter Ended (1) 
 High 
 Low 

August 2023 
 0.031 
 0.015 

May 2023 
 0.05 
 0.022 

February 2023 
 0.057 
 0.02 

November 2022 
 0.05 
 0.026 

Quarter Ended (1) 
 High 
 Low 

August 2022 
 0.062 
 0.031 

May 2022 
 0.05 
 0.034 

February 2022 
 0.05 
 0.033 

November 2021 
 0.085 
 0.051 

(1) The quotations above were obtained from Stockwatch.com, reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 
 On November 22, 2023, the last closing price for one share of our common stock as reported by the OTC Bulletin Board was 0.0161. This closing price reflects an inter-dealer price, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission, and may not represent an actual transaction. 
 The high and low bid prices (given in Canadian Dollars) of our common stock on the Canadian Securities Exchange for the periods indicated below are as follows: 

Quarter Ended (1) 
 High 
 Low 

August 2023 
 0.045 
 0.010 

May 2023 
 0.08 
 0.035 

February 2023 
 0.09 
 0.040 

November 2022 
 N/A 
 N/A 

August 2022 
 N/A 
 N/A 

May 2022 
 N/A 
 N/A 

February 2022 
 N/A 
 N/A 

November 2021 
 N/A 
 N/A 

(1) The quotations above were obtained from TD Waterhouse Investor Services and/or stockwatch.com, reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. Before January 9, 2023 the company's shares were not trading on the CSE. 
 13 

As of September 6, 2023, there were3,448 holders of record of our common stock. As of November 29, 2023, 155,166,088 common shares were issued and outstanding. 
 Our common shares are issued in registered form. Nevada Agency and Trust Company is the registered agent, 50 West Liberty Street, Suite 880, Reno, Nevada 89501 (Telephone: 775.322.0626; Facsimile: 775.322.5623). 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock and have no present intention of paying any dividends on the shares of our common stock. Our current policy is to retain earnings, if any, for use in our operations and in the development of our business. Our future dividend policy will be determined from time to time by our board of directors. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 On February 16, 2023 the Company issued 50,000 common shares as a result of the exercise of stock warrants exercised at 0.04 per common share. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 We have no long-term incentive plans other than the stock option plan described below: 
 2014 Stock Option Plan 
 On July 15, 2014, the shareholders approved and adopted at the Annual General Meeting the Company's 2014 Stock Option Plan. The purpose of these Plan is to advance the interests of the Corporation, through the grant of Options, by providing an incentive mechanism to foster the interest of eligible persons in the success of the Corporation and its affiliates; encouraging eligible persons to remain with the Corporation or its affiliates; and attracting new Directors, Officers, Employees and Consultants. 
 This Plan shall be administered by our board. Subject to the provisions of this Plan, our board shall have the authority: to determine the Eligible Persons to whom Options are granted, to grant such Options, and to determine any terms and conditions, limitations and restrictions in respect of any particular Option grant, including but not limited to the nature and duration of the restrictions, if any, to be imposed upon the acquisition, sale or other disposition of shares of common stock acquired upon exercise of the Option, and the nature of the events and the duration of the period, if any, in which any Participant's rights in respect of an Option or shares of common stock acquired upon exercise of an Option may be forfeited; to interpret the terms of this Plan, to make all such determinations and take all such other actions in connection with the implementation, operation and administration of this Plan, and to adopt, amend and rescind such administrative guidelines and other rules and regulations relating to this Plan, as it shall from time to time deem advisable, including without limitation for the purpose of ensuring compliance with Section legislation hereof. Our board's interpretations, determinations, guidelines, rules and regulations shall be conclusive and binding upon our company, Eligible Persons, Participants and all other persons. 
 The aggregate number of Common Shares that may be reserved, allotted and issued pursuant to Options shall not exceed 17,400,000 shares of common stock, less the aggregate number of shares of common stock then reserved for issuance pursuant to any other share compensation arrangement. For greater certainty, if an Option is surrendered, terminated or expires without being exercised, the Common Shares reserved for issuance pursuant to such Option shall be available for new Options granted under this Plan. 
 The Board may amend, subject to the approval of any regulatory authority whose approval is required, suspend or terminate this Plan or any portion thereof. No such amendment, suspension or termination shall alter or impair any outstanding unexercised Options or any rights without the consent of such Participant. If this Plan is suspended or terminated, the provisions of this Plan and any administrative guidelines, rules and regulations relating to this Plan shall continue in effect for the duration of such time as any Option remains outstanding. 
 As at the date of the annual report, there were no stock options exercised except for those disclosed in the regulatory filings and in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 14 

2023 Stock Option Plan 
 On March 22, 2023, the shareholders approved and adopted at the Annual General Meeting the Company's 2023 Stock Option Plan. The purpose of these Plan is to advance the interests of the Corporation, through the grant of Options, by providing an incentive mechanism to foster the interest of eligible persons in the success of the Corporation and its affiliates; encouraging eligible persons to remain with the Corporation or its affiliates; and attracting new Directors, Officers, Employees and Consultants. 
 This Plan shall be administered by our board. Subject to the provisions of this Plan, our board shall have the authority: to determine the Eligible Persons to whom Options are granted, to grant such Options, and to determine any terms and conditions, limitations and restrictions in respect of any particular Option grant, including but not limited to the nature and duration of the restrictions, if any, to be imposed upon the acquisition, sale or other disposition of shares of common stock acquired upon exercise of the Option, and the nature of the events and the duration of the period, if any, in which any Participant's rights in respect of an Option or shares of common stock acquired upon exercise of an Option may be forfeited; to interpret the terms of this Plan, to make all such determinations and take all such other actions in connection with the implementation, operation and administration of this Plan, and to adopt, amend and rescind such administrative guidelines and other rules and regulations relating to this Plan, as it shall from time to time deem advisable, including without limitation for the purpose of ensuring compliance with Section legislation hereof. Our board's interpretations, determinations, guidelines, rules and regulations shall be conclusive and binding upon our company, Eligible Persons, Participants and all other persons. 
 The aggregate number of Common Shares that may be reserved, allotted and issued pursuant to Options shall not exceed 31,000,000 shares of common stock, less the aggregate number of shares of common stock then reserved for issuance pursuant to any other share compensation arrangement. For greater certainty, if an Option is surrendered, terminated or expires without being exercised, the Common Shares reserved for issuance pursuant to such Option shall be available for new Options granted under this Plan. 
 The Board may amend, subject to the approval of any regulatory authority whose approval is required, suspend or terminate this Plan or any portion thereof. No such amendment, suspension or termination shall alter or impair any outstanding unexercised Options or any rights without the consent of such Participant. If this Plan is suspended or terminated, the provisions of this Plan and any administrative guidelines, rules and regulations relating to this Plan shall continue in effect for the duration of such time as any Option remains outstanding. 
 As at the date of the annual report, there were no stock options exercised except for those disclosed in the regulatory filings and in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Plan category Equity compensation plans approved by Security holders 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

2014 Stock Option Plan approved by security holders 
 9,900,000 
 0.08 
 3,801,612 

2023 Stock Option Plan approved by security holders 
 31,000,000 
 0.08 
 21,100,000 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 We did not purchase any of our shares of common stock or other securities during our fiscal year ended August 31, 2023. 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 As a "smaller reporting company", we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 
 
 15 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this annual report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to; those discussed below and elsewhere in this annual report, particularly in the section Item 1A entitled Risk Factors of this annual report. 
 Our audited consolidated financial statements are stated in United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 
 Plan of Operation 
 During the next twelve month period (beginning September 1, 2023), we intend to: 
 identify and secure sources of equity and/or debt financing for property payments; 
 identify and secure sources of equity and/or debt financing for resource acquisitions; 
 identify and secure sources of equity and/or debt financing for continued testing for Lithium technology 
 identify and secure sources of equity and/or debt financing for clean technology acquisitions; 
 We anticipate that we will incur the following operating expenses during this period: 

Estimated Funding Required During the 12 Months beginning September 1, 2023 

Expense 
 Amount ) 

Mineral Costs 
 16,000 

Bench Tests for Lithium Technology 
 60,000 

Resource Acquisitions and or Drilling 
 60,000 

Management Consulting Fees 
 180,000 

Technology Acquisition and Development 
 120,000 

Professional fees 
 75,000 

Rent 
 12,000 

Other general administrative expenses 
 125,000 

Total 
 648,000 

As at the date of this annual report, we do not have sufficient cash on hand to finance our entire potential and estimated 648,000 cash obligation to the proposed spending for the 12 months beginning September 1, 2023. Based on our current cash position of 263,651 we anticipate that we will require approximately 384,349 in additional cash to execute our business plan. In the event that we are unable raise sufficient cash we intend to reduce our planned expenditures to accommodate our means with a view toward prioritizing revenue generating activity and fulfilling our public reporting obligations. As at the date of this registration statement we have no financing arrangements in place. 
 Results of Operations for our Years Ended August 31, 2023 and 2022 
 Our net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) for our year ended August 31, 2023, for our year ended August 31, 2022 and the changes between those periods for the respective items are summarized as follows: 

Years Ended 

August 31, 

August 31, 

2023 

2022 

Change 

Revenue 
 
 - 

- 

- 

General and administrative 
 
 110,783 

65,931 

(44,851) 

Investor relations 
 
 63,293 

47,917 

(15,376) 

Consulting fees 
 
 181,258 

262,880 

81,622 

Fees and dues 
 
 89,733 

57,332 

(32,401) 

Exploration expenses 
 
 464,665 

212,348 

(252,317) 

Research and development 
 
 156,561 

808,800 

652,239 

Professional fees 
 
 158,286 

111,027 

(47,259) 

Other expense (income) 
 
 607,593 

(3,540,642) 
 
 (4,148,236) 

Net loss (income) 
 
 1,832,178 

(1,974,407) 
 
 (3,806,585) 

16 

Our consolidated financial statements report no revenue for the years ended August 31, 2023, and August 31, 2022. Our consolidated financial statements report a net loss of 1,832,178 for the year ended August 31, 2023, compared to a net income of 1,974,407 for the year ended August 31, 2022. Our net income has decreased by 3,806,585 for the year ended August 31, 2023, primarily due to the decrease in Other expense (income). Our operating costs were lower by 341,651 for August 31, 2023, compared to August 31, 2022, primarily due to increase costs of our drilling program of 325,170 offset by reduced research and development technology costs of 156,561 compared to 808,800 in the prior year). The increase of exploration costs by 252,317 is primarily due to the exploration drilling activities of the Company in our West Tonopah property. Other expense (income) for the year ended August 31, 2023 primarily consisted of realized losses and realized foreign exchange losses on the sale of marketable securities of 564,346 and 41,735, compared to unrealized losses and unrealized foreign exchange losses on marketable securities of 923,533 and 62,388, respectively, and a gain on the sale of a mineral property of 4,532,382 in the prior year. 
 Liquidity and Financial Condition 

Working Capital 
 
 August 31, 

August 31, 

2023 

2022 

Current assets 
 
 1,347,708 

3,203,141 

Current liabilities 
 
 332,600 

357,855 

Working capital 
 
 1,015,108 

2,845,286 

August 31, 

August 31, 

Cash Flows 
 
 2023 

2022 

Cash flows used in operating activities 
 
 (1,212,225) 

(970,033) 

Cash flows from investing activities 
 
 854,599 

1,099,564 

Cash flows from financing activities 
 
 2,000 

131,390 

Net (decrease) increase in cash during year 
 
 (355,626) 
 
 260,921 

Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 1,212,225 for the year ended August 31, 2023 compared with cash used in operating activities of 970,033 in 2022. The increase in net cash used in operating activities is due to the overall increase in cost as described above. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash provided in investing activities was 854,599 for the year ended August 31, 2023 compared to 1,099,564 in the same period in 2022. During the year ended August 31, 2023, the net cash was provided by the sale of the Century Lithium stock compared to the prior year being the result of the sale of Clayton Valley, Nevada claims. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided in financing activities was 2,000 for the year ended August 31, 2023, compared to 131,390 in the same period in 2022. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 As a "smaller reporting company", we are not required to provide tabular disclosure obligations. 
 
 17 

Going Concern 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The Company had a working capital of 1,015,108 as at August 31, 2023 (2022 - 2,845,286). As at August 31, 2023, the Company has incurred cumulative losses of 14,526,485. We require additional funds to maintain our existing operations and to acquire new business assets. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in this regard are to raise equity and debt financing as required, but there is no certainty that such financing will be available or that it will be available at acceptable terms. The outcome of these matters cannot be predicted at this time and the financing environment is exceptionally difficult. 
 The Company's consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 At this time, we cannot provide investors with any assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient funding from the sale of our common stock or through a loan from our directors to meet our obligations over the next twelve months. We do not have any arrangements in place for any future debt or equity financing. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to stockholders. 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Preparing consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by management's application of accounting policies. We believe that understanding the basis and nature of the estimates and assumptions involved with the following aspects of our consolidated financial statements is critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements. 
 Mineral Properties 
 Acquisition costs of mineral rights are initially capitalized as incurred while exploration and pre-extraction expenditures are expensed as incurred until such time proven or probable reserves are established for that project. Acquisition costs include cash consideration and the fair market value of shares issued on the acquisition of mineral properties. 
 Expenditures relating to exploration activities are expensed as incurred and expenditures relating to pre-extraction activities are expensed as incurred until such time proven or probable reserves are established for that project, after which subsequent expenditures relating to development activities for that particular project are capitalized as incurred. 
 Where proven and probable reserves have been established, the project's capitalized expenditures are depleted over proven and probable reserves using the units-of-production method upon commencement of production. Where proven and probable reserves have not been established, the project's capitalized expenditures are depleted over the estimated extraction life using the straight-line method upon commencement of extraction. The Company has not established proven or probable reserves for any of its projects. 
 The carrying values of the mineral rights are assessed for impairment by management on a quarterly basis and as required whenever indicators of impairment exist. An impairment loss is recognized if it is determined that the carrying value is not recoverable and exceeds fair value. 
 Long-Lived Assets Impairment 
 In accordance with ASC 360, "Accounting for Impairment or Disposal of Long Lived Assets", the carrying value of long lived assets are tested for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company recognizes impairment when the sum of the expected undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset. Impairment losses, if any, are measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the asset over its estimated fair value. 
 
 18 

Revenue Recognition 
 The Company recognizes revenue from product sales when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, title to product and associated risk of loss has passed to the customer, the price is fixed or determinable, collection from the customer is reasonably assured, the Company has no further performance obligation, and returns can be reasonably estimated. 
 Going Concern 
 We have suffered recurring losses from operations. The continuation of our Company as a going concern is dependent upon our Company attaining and maintaining profitable operations and/or raising additional capital. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustment relating to the recovery and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amount and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should our Company discontinue operations. 
 The continuation of our business is dependent upon us raising additional financial support and/or attaining and maintaining profitable levels of internally generated revenue. The issuance of additional equity securities by us could result in a significant dilution in the equity interests of our current stockholders. Obtaining commercial loans, assuming those loans would be available, will increase our liabilities and future cash commitments. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 As a "smaller reporting company", we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 
 
 19 

Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and Directors of Enertopia Corp. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Enertopia Corp. (the "Company") as of August 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), stockholders' equity (deficiency), and cash flows for the years ended August 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of August 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended August 31, 2023 and 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Going Concern 
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the entity has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate 
 
 Except for the matter described in the Going Concern section, we have determined that there are no other critical audit matters to communicate in our auditor s report. 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2017. 

/s/ 

Chartered Professional Accountants 

November 29, 2023 

21 

ENERTOPIA CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

August 31, 

August 31, 

2023 

2022 

ASSETS 

Current 

Cash and cash equivalents (Note 3) 

Marketable securities (Note 4) 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and deposit (Note 11) 

Total Current Assets 

Non-current assets, net 

Mineral property (Note 5) 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES 

Current 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Due to related party (Note 7) 

Total Liabilities 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Share Capital (Note 8) 

Authorized: 

common voting shares with a par value of per share 

Issued and outstanding: 

common shares at August 31, 2023 and at August 31, 2022 

Additional paid-in capital (Note 9) 

Deficit 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Equity attributable to shareholders of the Company 

Non-controlling interest 
 
 () 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

22 

ENERTOPIA CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIENCY) 
 (Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

COMMON STOCK 

SHARES 

AMOUNT 

ADDITIONAL PAID-IN CAPITAL 

ACCUMULATED DEFICIT 

NON- CONTROLLING INTEREST 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY(DEFICIT) 

Balance, August 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Warrants exercised 

- 

- 

Stock options granted 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

Shares issued for hydrogen technology 

- 

- 

Shares issued for investment in batter management technology 

- 

- 

Shares issued for services 

- 

- 

Stock options exercised 

() 
 
 - 

- 

Comprehensive income 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

Balance, August 31, 2022 

() 

Warrants issued for cash 

- 

- 

Non controlling interest 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 () 

Comprehensive loss 
 
 - 

- 

- 

() 
 
 - 

() 

Balance, August 31, 2023 

() 
 
 () 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

23 

ENERTOPIA CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

YEARS ENDED 

August 31, 

August 31, 

2023 

2022 

Expenses 

Accounting and audit 

Consulting (Note 7) 

Fees and dues 

Investor relations 

Legal and professional 

Office and miscellaneous 

Mineral exploration costs (Note 5) 

Research and development (Note 6) 

Total expenses 

Loss for the period before other items 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Other income (expense) 

Foreign exchange gain (loss) 
 
 () 

Realized loss on marketable securities 

() 
 
 () 

Realized foreign exchange loss on marketable securities 

() 

Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities 

() 

Unrealized foreign exchange loss on marketable securities 

() 
 
 () 

Gain from mineral property sale (Note 5) 

Net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) for the year 

() 

Net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) attributable to: 

Common shareholders 
 
 () 

Non controlling interest 
 
 () 

Basic and diluted income (loss) per share 

Basic 
 
 () 

Diluted 
 
 () 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

24 

ENERTOPIA CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

YEARS ENDED 

August 31, 

August 31, 

2023 

2022 

Cash flows used in operating activities 

Net Income (Loss) 
 
 () 

Changes to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Shares issued for consulting 

Shares issued for battery management system 

Shares issued for hydrogen technology 

Stock based compensation 

Income from mineral property sale 

() 

Unrealized (gain) loss on marketable securities 
 
 () 

Unrealized foreign exchange loss on marketable securities 

Loss on disposal of marketable securities 

Foreign exchange loss on disposal of marketable securities 

Change in non-cash working capital items: 

Accounts receivable 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Prepaid expenses and deposits 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

() 

Due to related parties 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Proceeds from sale of marketable securities 

Proceeds from sale of royalty grant 

Staking of mineral property 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Net proceeds from warrants exercised 

Net cash from financing Activities 

Decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
 
 () 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year 

Supplemental information of cash flows: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

25 

ENERTOPIA CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

August 31, 2023 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

as at August 31, 2023 (2022 - ). As at August 31, 2023 the Company has incurred cumulative losses of that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management has been able, thus far, to finance the operations through equity financing and cash on hand. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to continue to finance the Company on this basis. 
 In view of these conditions, the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is in substantial doubt and dependent upon its ability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet its obligations on a timely basis, to obtain additional financing as may be required, to receive the continued support of the Company's shareholders, and ultimately to obtain successful operations. There are no assurances that we will be able to obtain further funds required for our continued operations. As noted herein, we are pursuing various financing alternatives to meet our immediate and long-term financial requirements. There can be no assurance that additional financing will be available to us when needed or, if available, that it can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. If we are not able to obtain the additional financing on a timely basis, we will be unable to conduct our operations as planned, and we will not be able to meet our other obligations as they become due. In such event, we will be forced to scale down or perhaps even cease our operations. There is significant uncertainty as to whether we can obtain additional financing. These consolidated financial statements do not give effect to any adjustments which would be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern and therefore be required to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in other than the normal course of business and at amounts different from those reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

owned subsidiary, CapNTrack Inc. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. 

Money market funds 

c) Fair value of shares issued in non cash transactions 
 The Company at times grants common shares in lieu of cash to certain vendors for their services to the Company. The Company recognizes the associated cost in the same period and manner as if the Company paid cash for the services provided by calculating the fair value of the share offering at the cost of the service provided. 

shares of Cypress along with in cash. During January 2023 Cypress underwent a name change to Century Lithium Corp ("Century"). The shares were initially restricted for trade, as of August 31, 2023 all shares are tradable. Marketable securities as at August 31, 2023 consist of the Company's investment in shares of Century of which a total of were sold during the year ended August 31, 2023 (2022 - shares sold) leaving shares. An additional share sales were pending that were settled after the year end. 
 As at August 31, 2023, the movement in the Company's marketable securities is as follows: 

Additions 1 

Unrealized loss 
 
 () 

Unrealized foreign exchange loss 
 
 () 

Proceeds from disposal 
 
 () 

Loss on disposal 
 
 () 

Balance, August 31, 2022 

Additions 

Unrealized gain (loss) 

Unrealized foreign exchange gain (loss) 
 
 () 

Proceeds from disposal 
 
 () 

Realized loss on disposal 
 
 () 

Realized Foreign exchange loss on disposal 
 
 () 

Balance, August 31, 2023 

1 Company recorded the shares received from Cypress on May 4, 2022 as an investment and valued the investment using the closing rate of CAD per share and a discount rate of due to restrictions on trading. All trading restrictions ended during the year ended August 31, 2023. 

29 

acres of unpatented mineral claims in Esmeralda County, Nevada for cash consideration of . During the years ended August 31, 2023 and 2022, the mineral exploration expense consisted of: 

Geologists 

Sample Assays 

Travel Misc 

Total Exploration 

Disposed of Property 
 Clayton Valley 
 During the year ended August 31, 2017 the Company staked lode and placer claims on Bureau of Land Management lands in Esmerelda County Nevada covering approximately Acres with a interest in the lands. In February of 2020 the Company signed a Royalty agreement in exchange for . In October of 2020 the Company signed a Royalty agreement in exchange for . On May 4, 2022, the Company closed the Clayton Valley property sale and disposed of the unpatented mining claims for consideration consisting of in cash and shares of Cypress Development Corp (Note 4, 5), renamed Century Lithium Corp. The royalty liabilities from the project were fully transferred to Century Lithium Corp. 

ownership and rights to the hydrogen technology ("Hydrogen Technology"). By acquiring this Hydrogen Technology, the Company is currently researching the opportunity to create process gas that can be used in commercial, industrial and mining applications by splitting the hydrogen from water via electrolysis. The technology is still in the research and development phase and is not commercially feasible as at the year ended August 31, 2023. 
 Energy Management System ("EMS") 
 On December 17, 2021, The Company entered into a Definitive Purchase and Sale Agreement to acquire ownership and rights to their Provisional Patent Pending EMS. The Company created a Joint Venture ("JV") with controlling interest in CapNTrack to run the commercial and industrial operations related to the EMS. As at the period ended date of August 31, 2023, there have been no operations in the JV and only insurance costs have been incurred. The EMS is still in the research and development phase and it has not obtained commercial or operational feasibility as at the year end date of August 31, 2023. 

The research and development expenses for the years ending August 31, 2023 and 2022 consisted of the following: 

Energy Management Systems 

Total Research and Development 

(2022 - to the President of the Company in consulting fees. As at August 31, 2023, the accounts payable to the President of the Company was , of which were accrued wages (2022: ). On December 6, 2021 the Company issued stock options valued at to the President of the Company (Note 9). 
 Incurred (2022 - to the Chief Financial Officer of the Company in consulting fees. As at August 31, 2023, the accounts payable to the Chief Financial Officer of the Company was (2022: ). On August 18, 2022, the Company issued stock options valued at to the Chief Financial Officer of the Company (Note 9). 
 The Company incurred to a director of the Company in geological consulting services. 
 On August 18, 2022 the Company issued a total of stock options valued at to two Directors of the Company. 

million shares to million shares. 
 During the year ended August 31, 2022 the Company issued common shares as a result of the exercise of stock options and common shares as a result of the exercise of warrants (Note 9). 
 On December 6, 2021 the Company issued common shares and an additional common shares in escrow in connection with the purchase of Hydrogen Technology (Note 6). 
 On December 17, 2021 the Company issued common shares and an additional common shares in escrow in connection with the purchase of JV (Note 6). 
 On February 25, 2022, the Company issued shares to one consultant of the Company. 
 On February 22, 2023 the Company issued shares on the exercise of warrants at per warrant (Note 9). 
 As at August 31, 2023 the Company had shares issued and outstanding (2022 - ). 
 As at August 31, 2023 the Company had (2022 - shares held in escrow in connection with the purchase of Clean energy pending patent approvals. 

shares of common stock, less the aggregate number of shares of common stock then reserved for issuance pursuant to any other share compensation arrangement. For greater certainty, if an Option is surrendered, terminated or expires without being exercised, the Common Shares reserved for issuance pursuant to such Option shall be available for new Options granted under this Plan. The options are deemed as vested and exercisable on issuance and the maximum life of the options granted under this Plan may not exceed years. 

At the Annual General Meeting held March 22, 2023, a new 2023 Stock Option Plan was approved. Under the 2023 Stock Option Plan (the "2023 Plan") the Company may grant options to purchase shares of common stock, par value per share, of the Company. The stock subject to options granted under the 2023 Plan shall be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired common stock. The maximum number of shares of common stock of the Company which may be issued and sold under the 2023 Plan shall be , subject to adjustment for stock splits or consolidations with a maximum life of years and vesting at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Management plans to issue all new option grants under the 2023 Plan and to cancel the 2014 Plan once all currently issued options are either exercised or expire. 
 On September 9, 2021, the Company issued stock options to one of the consultants of the Company with an exercise price of vested immediately, expiring . 
 On December 6, 2021, the Company issued stock options to the president of the Company with an exercise price of vested immediately, expiring . 
 On December 6, 2021, the Company issued stock options to one of the consultants of the Company with an exercise price of vested immediately, expiring . 
 On December 6, 2021, the Company issued stock options to one of the consultants of the Company with an exercise price of vested immediately, expiring . 
 On August 18, 2022, the Company issued stock options with an exercise price of vesting immediately, expiring . to the Chief Financial Officer and each to two Directors of the Company (Note 7). 
 During the year ended August 31, 2023, the Company did not issue any options. 
 The fair value of the options granted during the year ended August 31, 2022 was estimated on the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes options pricing model, with the following weighted average assumptions: 

Expected stock volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected life of options (years) 

Expected forfeiture rate 

Grant date fair value per option 

During the year ended August 31, 2023, the Company recorded (August 31, 2022 as stock-based compensation expense. During the year ended August 31, 2023 no options were exercised and options expired unexercised. During the year ended August 31, 2022, common shares were issued as a result of the exercise of cashless stock options and a total of stock options expired without being exercised. 

A summary of the changes in stock options is presented below: 

Issued 

Expired 
 
 () 

Exercised 
 
 () 

Balance, August 31, 2022 

Expired 
 
 () 

Balance, August 31, 2023 (Outstanding Exercisable) 

The Company has the following options outstanding and exercisable as at August 31, 2023: 

Balance outstanding and exercisable 

As at August 31, 2023 the market price of the Company's common shares was per share. The intrinsic value of the stock options was . 

Warrants 
 There were no warrants issued during the years ended August 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 During the year ended August 31, 2023, warrants were exercised for , and warrants expired unexercised. 
 A summary of warrants as at August 31, 2023 and August 31, 2022 is as follows: 

Forfeited 

() 

Exercised 

() 

Balance, August 31, 2022 

Forfeited 

() 

Exercised 

() 

Balance, August 31, 2023 

per month plus goods and services tax ("GST") on a continuing basis. 
 The Company has a consulting agreement with the CFO of the Company for corporate administration and consulting services for per quarter plus goods and services tax ("GST") on a continuing basis, increasing to per quarter plus GST beginning September 1, 2023. 
 The Company has a rental agreement for a corporate office for CAD per month plus GST. The agreement expires December 31, 2023. 

Clean Technology Expense 

Consultants 

Exploration costs 

Filing fees 

Insurance 

Office Expenses 

Total Prepaid Expenses Deposits 

33 

Statutory tax rate 

Expected income tax expense (recovery) 
 
 () 

Non-deductible items 

Change in enacted rates and other 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Income tax expense (recovery) 

Deferred taxes reflect the tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes. Deferred tax assets (liabilities) at August 31, 2023 and 2022 are comprised of the following: 

Intangible assets 

Marketable securities 

Mineral property 

Capital loss carry forwards 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets (liabilities) 

The Company has net operating loss carry forwards of approximately (2022 - a portion of which may be carried forward up to 20 years to apply against future taxable income for US tax purposes, subject to the final determination by the taxation authority, expiring in the following years. Future tax assets have not been recognized because it is not probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the Company can utilize the benefits therefrom. 

34 

reportable segments: Natural Resources, Technology and Corporate, none of which are revenue generating as at the year ended date of August 31, 2023. 

Balance August 31, 2023 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Other income (Note 4) 

() 
 
 () 

Segment Loss 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Total Assets (Note 4, 5) 

Balance August 31, 2022 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Other income (Note 4, 5, 6) 

() 

Segment Income (Loss) 

() 
 
 () 

Total Assets (Note 4, 5) 

35 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 There were no disagreements related to accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, internal controls or auditing scope or procedure during the two fiscal years and interim periods, including the interim period up through the date the relationship ended. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Management's Report on Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our president and chief executive officer (also our principal executive officer) and our chief financial officer (also our principal financial and accounting officer) to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 As of August 31, 2023, the end of our fiscal year covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our president and chief executive officer (also our principal executive officer) and our chief financial officer (also our principal financial and accounting officer), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing, our president and chief executive officer (also our principal executive officer) and our chief financial officer (also our principal financial and accounting officer) concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Responsibility, estimates and judgments by management are required to assess the expected benefits and related costs of control procedures. The objectives of internal control include providing management with reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and that transactions are executed in accordance with management's authorization and recorded properly to permit the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2023. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO") in Internal Control-Integrated Framework . Our management has concluded that, as of August 31, 2023, our internal control over financial reporting is effective in providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with US generally accepted accounting principles. Our management reviewed the results of their assessment with our Board of Directors. 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of our Company's registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by our Company's registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit our Company to provide only management's report in this annual report. 
 Inherent limitations on effectiveness of controls 
 Internal control over financial reporting has inherent limitations which include but is not limited to the use of independent professionals for advice and guidance, interpretation of existing and/or changing rules and principles, segregation of management duties, scale of organization, and personnel factors. Internal control over financial reporting is a process which involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis, however these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process and it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 36 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 On August 16, 2022, Allan Spissinger replaced Robert McAllister as the chief financial officer of the Company. There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended August 31, 2023 that have materially or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 All directors of our company hold office until the next annual meeting of the security holders or until their successors have been elected and qualified. The officers of our company are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until their death, resignation or removal from office. Our directors and executive officers, their ages, positions held, and duration as such, are as follows: 

Name 
 Position Held with our Company 
 Age 
 Date First Elected Or Appointed 

Robert McAllister 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director 
 63 
 November 2007 April 14, 2008 

Allan Spissinger 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 54 
 August 16, 2022 

Kevin Brown 
 Director 
 58 
 August 18, 2022 

John Nelson 
 Director 
 64 
 August 18, 2022 

Note Robert McAllister resigned from the position of interim Chief Financial Officer on August 16, 2022 
 Business Experience 
 The following is a brief account of the education and business experience of each director and executive officer during at least the past five years, indicating each person's principal occupation during the period, and the name and principal business of the organization by which he was employed. 
 Robert McAllister, President, Director 
 Mr. McAllister was appointed as president in November 2007 and director in April 2008. 
 Mr. McAllister has devoted approximately 90 of his professional time to the business and intends to continue to devote this amount of time in the future, or more as required. 
 Mr. McAllister has been a corporate consultant since 2004. He has also provided and written business and investment articles from 1996 to 2006 in various North American publications. Mr. McAllister is a resource investment entrepreneur with over 20 years of experience in resource sector evaluations and commodity cycle analysis. 
 Allan Spissinger, Chief Financial Officer 
 Mr. Spissinger was appointed as Chief Financial Officer in August 2022. 
 Mr. Spissinger worked within the Informational Technologies (IT) sector for over a decade specializing in corporate IT infrastructure and software development projects. Mr. Spissinger joined the audit and assurance department at PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) where he obtained his Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA) designation focusing on financial reporting and Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) compliance in the following sectors: resources, manufacturing and technologies. Mr. Spissinger's positive mentorship, excellent communication and extensive leadership skills have enabled him to successfully manage a variety of private and public businesses for over 20 years. 
 
 37 

Kevin Brown, Director 
 Mr. Brown brings over 18 years of diversified financial and business management experience in private companies, covering the high-tech, mining, and the health and wellness industries. 
 John Nelson, Director 
 Mr. Nelson has over 38 years of resource industry experience in geology and geophysics. He served as an exploration geologist and project manager in numerous worldwide frontier areas for Mobil Oil Corp before moving to Canada in 1993. Mr Nelson has been a founder, Director and senior officer of a number of private and public companies related to oil and gas and mineral exploration. He holds B.Sc. and M.Sc. Degree's in geology from Michigan State University and is a member of AAPG and current APEGGA member. 
 Family Relationships 
 There are no family relationships between any of our directors, executive officers and proposed directors or executive officers. 
 Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 
 None of our directors, executive officers, promoters or control persons has been involved in any of the following events during the past five years: 
 1. A petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing; 
 2. Such person was convicted in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 
 3. Such person was the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 

i. 
 Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity 

ii. 
 Engaging in any type of business practice; or 

iii. 
 Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 

4. Such person was the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in paragraph (f)(3)(i) of this section, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 
 5. Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 
 6. Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 
 7. Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

i. 
 Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

ii. 
 Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or 

iii. 
 Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

38 

8. Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 
 Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our executive officers and directors and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning their ownership of our common stock and other equity securities, on Forms 3, 4 and 5 respectively. Executive officers, directors and greater than 10 shareholders are required by the SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports that they file. 
 Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us, or written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that during fiscal year ended August 31, 2023, all filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and greater than 10 percent beneficial owners were complied with. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our senior financial officers and certain other finance executives, which is a "code of ethics" as defined by applicable rules of the SEC. Our Code of Ethics is attached as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-KSB filed on November 29, 2007. If we make any amendments to our Code of Ethics other than technical, administrative, or other non-substantive amendments, or grant any waivers, including implicit waivers, from a provision of our Code of Ethics to our chief executive officer, chief financial officer, or certain other finance executives, we will disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver, its effective date and to whom it applies in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. 
 Board and Committee Meetings 
 Our board of directors held no formal meetings during the year ended August 31, 2023. All proceedings of the board of directors were conducted by resolutions consented to in writing by all the directors and filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the directors. Such resolutions consented to in writing by the directors entitled to vote on that resolution at a meeting of the directors are, according to the Nevada General Corporate Law and our Bylaws, as valid and effective as if they had been passed at a meeting of the directors duly called and held. 
 Nomination Process 
 As of August 31, 2023, we did not affect any material changes to the procedures by which our shareholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. Our board of directors does not have a policy with regards to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by our shareholders. Our board of directors has determined that it is in the best position to evaluate our Company's requirements as well as the qualifications of each candidate when the board considers a nominee for a position on our board of directors. If shareholders wish to recommend candidates directly to our board, they may do so by sending communications to the president of our Company at the address on the cover of this annual report. 
 Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 
 Currently our audit committee consists of our entire board of directors. We currently do not have nominating, compensation committees or committees performing similar functions. There has not been any defined policy or procedure requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nomination for directors. 
 Our board of directors has determined that it does not have a member of its board of directors (audit committee) that qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert" as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K, and is "independent" as the term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv) of Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 We believe that the members of our board of directors are collectively capable of analyzing and evaluating our consolidated financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. We believe that retaining an independent director who would qualify as an "audit committee financial expert" would be overly costly and burdensome and is not warranted in our circumstances given the early stages of our development and the fact that we have not generated any material revenues to date. In addition, we currently do not have nominating, compensation or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor do we have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee charter. Our board of directors does not believe that it is necessary to have such committees because it believes the functions of such committees can be adequately performed by our board of directors. 
 
 39 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The particulars of the compensation paid to the following persons: 

(a) 
 our principal executive officer; 

(b) 
 each of our two most highly compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers at the end of the years ended August 31, 2023 and 2022; and 

(c) 
 up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided under (b) but for the fact that the individual was not serving as our executive officer at the end of the years ended August 31, 2023 and 2022 

who we will collectively refer to as the named executive officers of our Company, are set out in the following summary compensation table, except that no disclosure is provided for any named executive officer, other than our principal executive officers, whose total compensation did not exceed 100,000 for the respective fiscal year: 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and Principal Position 

Year 

Salary ) 

Bonus ) 

Stock Awards ) 

Option Awards (#) 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensa- tion ) 

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 

All Other Compensa- tion ) 

Total ) 

Robert McAllister (1) President and Director 

2023 2022 

114,000 38,000 

- - 

- - 

- 250,000 

- - 

- - 

- - 

114,000 38,000 

Allan Spissinger (2) CFO 

2023 
 2022 

20,000 
 796 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 
 1,000,000 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

20,000 
 796 

John Nelson (3) 
 Director 

2023 
 2022 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 
 500,000 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

13,500 
 - 

13,500 
 - 

Kevin Brown (4) 
 Director 

2023 
 2022 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 
 500,000 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

(1) On November 30, 2007, Mr. McAllister was appointed as our President and on April 14, 2008 he was appointed as a director. On July 31, 2017, Mr. McAllister was appointed interim CFO. Mr. McAllister voluntarily suspended and terminated accrual of these consulting fees commencing on December 1, 2019 and continuing until such time as the Company's financial condition permits a resumption of such cost. On May 1, 2022, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with President of the Company for 9,500 per month plus goods and services tax ("GST") on a continuing basis. On August 16 th , 2022 Mr. McAllister resigned from the interim CFO position. 
 (2) On August 16, 2022, Mr. Spissinger was appointed as our CFO. 
 (3) On August 18, 2022, Mr. Nelson was appointed as a director. (4) On August 18, 2022, Mr. Brown was appointed as a director. 
 Employment/Consulting Agreements 
 July 1, 2017, a consulting contract was entered into with remuneration set at 3,500 per month plus GST. We may terminate this agreement without prior notice based on a number of conditions. Mr. McAllister may terminate the agreement at any time by giving 30 days written notice of his intention to do so. Mr. McAllister voluntarily suspended and terminated accrual of these consulting fees commencing on December 1, 2019. On May 1, 2022, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with President of the Company for 9,500 per month plus goods and services tax ("GST") on a continuing basis. 
 
 40 

On August 16, 2022, a consulting contract was entered into with remuneration set at 5,000 per quarter plus GST was entered into with Mr. Spissinger. The contract has been updated to 7,500 per quarter plus GST beginning September 1 2023. 
 Other than as set out in this annual report on Form 10-K we have not entered into any employment or consulting agreements with any of our current officers, directors or employees. 
 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table 
 On November 12, 2020 the Company signed Flathead Business Solutions to a 12 month contract for 12,000 and the issuance of 500,000 stock options valid for 5 years at 0.05 cents each. 
 On December 14, 2020 the Company signed Rodney Blake to a 12 month contract for the issuance of 100,000 stock options valid for 5 years at 0.05 cents each. 
 On December 14, 2020 the Company signed Albert Clark Rich to a 12 month contract for the issuance of 500,000 stock options valid for 5 years at 0.05 cents each. 
 On December 14, 2020 the Company issued 500,000 stock options to the CEO of the Company valid for 5 years at 0.05 cents each. 
 On December 14, 2020 the Company issued 1,000,000 stock options to a Consultant of the Company valid for 5 years at 0.05 cents each. 
 On February 25, 2020, the Company granted 2,000,000 stock options to a consultant of the Company with an exercise price of 0.02, expiring February 25, 2022. 
 On January 28, 2021 the Company signed Mark Snyder to a 12 month contract for 30,000 and the issuance of 2,000,000 stock options valid for 5 years at 0.14 cents each. 
 On February 4, 2021 the Company signed Barry Brooks to a 12 month contract for the issuance of 100,000 stock options valid for 5 years each at 0.18 cents each. 
 On February 5, 2021 the Company signed Paul Sandler to a 12 month contract for the issuance of 100,000 stock options valid for 5 years each at 0.18 cents each. 
 On February 5, 2021 the Company signed Bruce Shellinger to a 12 month contract for the issuance of 100,000 stock options valid for 5 years each at 0.18 cents each. 
 On February 5, 2021 the Company signed Richard Smith to a 12 month contract for the issuance of 100,000 stock options valid for 5 years each at 0.18 cents each. 
 On April 27, 2021 the Company signed Michael Cornelius to a 12 month contract for the issuance of 100,000 stock options valid for 5 years at 0.12 cents each. 
 On May 28, 2021, the Company issued 50,000 stock options to one of the consultants of the Company with an exercise price of 0.12 vested immediately, expiring May 28, 2026. 
 On June 8, 2021 the Company issued 100,000 common shares as a result of the exercise of 100,000 options exercised at 0.07 per common share. 
 On September 9, 2021, the Company issued 500,000 stock options to one of the consultants of the Company with an exercise price of 0.08 vested immediately, expiring September 9, 2026. 
 On December 6, 2021, the Company issued 250,000 stock options to one director of the Company with an exercise price of 0.07 vested immediately, expiring December 6, 2026. 
 On December 6, 2021, the Company issued 500,000 stock options to one of the consultants of the Company with an exercise price of 0.07 vested immediately, expiring December 6, 2026. 
 
 41 

On December 6, 2021, the Company issued 250,000 stock options to one of the consultants of the Company with an exercise price of 0.07 vested immediately, expiring December 6, 2026. 
 On August 18, 2022, the Company issued 2,000,000 stock options with an exercise price of 0.06 vesting immediately, expiring August 18, 2027. 1,000,000 to the Chief Financial Officer and 500,000 each to two directors of the Company (Note 9). 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 
 The particulars of unexercised options, stock that has not vested and equity incentive plan awards for our named executive officers are set out in the following table: 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 

OPTION AWARDS 

STOCK AWARDS 

Name (a) 

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable (b) 

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable (c) 

Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) (d) 

Option Exercise Price ) (e) 

Option Expiration Date (f) 

Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) (g) 

Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) (h) 

Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) (i) 

Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) (j) 

Robert McAllister 

500,000 250,000 

- 

- 

0.05 0.07 

2025/12/14 2026/12/06 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Allan Spissinger 

1,000,000 

- 

- 

0.06 

2027/08/18 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Kevin Brown 

500,000 

- 

- 

0.06 

2027/08/18 

- 

- 

- 

- 

John Nelson 

500,000 

- 

- 

0.06 

2027/08/18 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Option Exercises 
 During our fiscal year ended August 31, 2023, a total of 0 (August 31, 2022 - 226,776) stock options were exercised. 
 Compensation of Directors 
 Except as otherwise disclosed, we do not have any agreements for compensating our directors for their services in their capacity as directors, although such directors are expected in the future to receive stock options to purchase shares of our common stock as awarded by our board of directors. 
 Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans 
 There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit-sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock options may be granted at the discretion of the board of directors or a committee thereof. 
 
 42 

Indebtedness of Directors, Senior Officers, Executive Officers and Other Management 
 None of our directors or executive officers or any associate or affiliate of our Company during the last two fiscal years is or has been indebted to our Company by way of guarantee, support agreement, letter of credit or other similar agreement or understanding currently outstanding. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The following table sets forth, as of November 29, 2023, certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common shares by each shareholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common shares, as well as by each of our current directors and executive officers as a group. Each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock, except as otherwise indicated. Beneficial ownership consists of a direct interest in the shares of common stock, except as otherwise indicated. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage of Class(1) 

Robert McAllister Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada 
 7,755,000 (1) 
 5.00 

Allan Spissinger Langley, British Columbia, Canada 
 1,000,000 (2) 
 0.64 

Kevin Brown Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada 
 800,000 (3) 
 0.52 

John Nelson Calgary, Alberta, Canada 
 750,000 (4) 
 0.48 

(1) 
 
 Under Rule 13d-3, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in this table does not necessarily reflect the person's actual ownership or voting power with respect to the number of shares of common stock actually outstanding on November 28, 2022. As of November 28, 2022, there were 155,116,088 shares of our company's common stock issued and outstanding. 

(1) 
 
 Includes: 

1. 
 
 500,000 Options which are exercisable at 0.05 into common shares; 

2. 
 
 250,000 Options which are exercisable at 0.07 into common shares; and 

3. 
 
 7,005,000 common shares. 

(2) 
 
 Includes: 

1. 
 
 1,000,000 Options which are exercisable at 0.06 into common shares; 

(3) 
 
 Includes: 

1. 
 
 500,000 Options which are exercisable at 0.06 into common shares; and 

2. 
 
 300,000 common shares. 

(4) 
 
 Includes: 

1. 
 
 500,000 Options which are exercisable at 0.06 into common shares; and 

2. 
 
 250,000 common shares. 

Changes in Control 
 We are unaware of any contract or other arrangement the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of our company. 
 
 43 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Except as disclosed herein, no director, executive officer, shareholder holding at least 5 of shares of our common stock, or any family member thereof, had any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction, or proposed transaction in which the amount involved in the transaction exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at the year-end for the last two completed fiscal years. 
 For the year ended August 31, 2023, the Company was party to the following related party transactions: 
 
 Incurred 114,000 (2022 - 38,000) to the President of the Company in consulting fees. As at August 31, 2023, the accounts payable to the President of the Company was 17,196, of which 17,159 were accrued wages (2022: 64,409). On December 6, 2021 the Company issued 250,000 stock options valued at 12,205 to the President of the Company (Note 9). 
 Incurred 20,000 (2022 - 769) to the Chief Financial Officer of the Company in consulting fees. As at August 31, 2023, the accounts payable to the Chief Financial Officer of the Company was 0 (2022: 0). On August 18, 2022, the Company issued 1,000,000 stock options valued at 40,543 to the Chief Financial Officer of the Company (Note 9). 
 The Company incurred 13,500 to a director of the Company in geological consulting services. 
 On August 18, 2022, the Company issued a total of 1,000,000 stock options valued at 40,543 to two directors of the Company. 
 
 The related party transactions are recorded at the exchange amount established and agreed to between the related parties. 
 Director Independence 
 We currently act with three directors, Kevin Brown, John Nelson who qualify as independent directors and Robert McAllister, who does not qualify as an "independent director" as defined in NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 4200(a)(15). 
 We currently have an audit committee, but. there has not been any defined policy or procedure requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nomination for directors. 
 Our board of directors has determined that it does not have a member of its audit committee who qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert" as defined in as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 
 From inception to present date, we believe that the members of our audit committee and the board of directors have been and are collectively capable of analyzing and evaluating our consolidated financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. 
 We do not have a standing compensation or nominating committee, but our entire board of directors act in such capacity. We believe that our directors are capable of analyzing and evaluating our consolidated financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. Our directors do not believe that it is necessary to have an audit committee because we believe that the functions of an audit committee can be adequately performed by the board of directors. In addition, we believe that retaining additional independent directors who would qualify as an "audit committee financial expert" would be overly costly and burdensome and is not warranted in our circumstances given the early stages of our development. 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The aggregate fees billed for the most recently completed fiscal year ended August 31, 2023 and for fiscal year ended August 31, 2022 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements and review of the consolidated financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: 

August 31, 

August 31, 

2023 

2022 

Audit Fees 

37,234 

31,354 

Audit Related Fees 

- 

- 

Tax Fees 

- 

- 

All Other Fees 

- 

- 

Total 

37,234 

31,354 

44 

Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audits of our consolidated financial statements, reviews of our interim consolidated financial statements included in quarterly reports, services performed in connection with filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and related comfort letters and other services that are normally provided by Davidson Company LLP for fiscal year ended August 31, 2023. 
 Audit related Fees. There were no audit related fees paid to Davidson Company LLP for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023 or for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022. 
 Tax Fees. Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. These services include assistance regarding federal, state and local tax compliance and consultation in connection with various transactions and acquisitions. For the fiscal years ended August 31, 2023 and August 31, 2022, we did not use Davidson Company LLP for non-audit professional services or preparation of corporate tax returns. 
 We do not use Davidson Company LLP, for financial information system design and implementation. These services, which include designing or implementing a system that aggregates source data underlying the consolidated financial statements or generates information that is significant to our consolidated financial statements, are provided internally or by other service providers. We do not engage Davidson Company LLP to provide compliance outsourcing services. 
 Effective May 6, 2003, the Securities and Exchange Commission adopted rules that require that before our independent auditors are engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit related service, the engagement be: 
 
 approved by our audit committee (which consists of our entire board of directors); or 
 entered into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the board of directors, provided the policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular service, the board of directors is informed of each service, and such policies and procedures do not include delegation of the board of directors' responsibilities to management. 
 
 Our board of directors pre-approves all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the board of directors either before or after the respective services were rendered. 
 Our board of directors has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by our independent auditors and believes that the provision of services for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining our independent auditors' independence. 
 
 45 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 
 Financial Statements 

(1) 
 
 Financial statements for our Company are listed in the index under Item 8 of this document 

(2) 
 
 All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

(b) 
 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit 
 Description 

No. 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation of Enertopia Corp. dated November 22, 2004 (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed January 10, 2006 as Exhibit 3.1) . 

3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on February 22, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.02 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 4, 2010) . 

3.3 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 18, 2009). 

10.1 
 Agreement dated December 14, 2020 with Al Rich (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 15, 2020). 

10.2 
 Consulting Agreement dated December 6, 2021 with Terry Gaylon. 

10.3 
 Hydrogen Asset Purchase Agreement dated December 6, 2021 

10.4 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated December 17, 2021 with Paul Sandler and Mark Snyder dated December 17, 2021. 

10.5 
 Asset Sale Agreement with Cypress Development Corp dated February 23, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 our Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 28, 2022). 

10.6 
 Consulting Agreement with Mr. Robert McAllister dated May 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 4, 2022) . 

10.7 
 Consulting Agreement with Mr. Allan Spissinger dated August 16, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 19, 2022) . 

14.1 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference by from our annual report on Form 10-KSB filed on November 29, 2007). 

31.1 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and Rule 15d-14(a), promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Chief Executive Officer). 

31.2 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and Rule 15d-14(a), promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Chief Financial Officer). 

32.1 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Executive Officer). 

32.2 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Financial Officer). 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document-the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File as its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 
 
 46 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 ENERTOPIA CORP. 
 By: /s/ Robert McAllister Robert McAllister President and Director Principal Executive Officer Date: November 29, 2023. 
 By: /s/ Allan Spissinger Allan Spissinger CPA, CA Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Date: November 29, 2023. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 By: /s/ Robert McAllister Robert McAllister President and Director Principal Executive Officer Date: November 29, 2023. 
 By: /s/ Allan Spissinger Allan Spissinger CPA, CA Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Date: November 29, 2023. 
 
 47 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Enertopia Corporation: Exhibit 31.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Robert McAllister, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enertopia Corp.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: November 29, 2023 
 "Robert McAllister" Robert McAllister President and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Enertopia Corporation: Exhibit 31.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Allan Spissinger, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enertopia Corp.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: November 29, 2023 
 "Allan Spissinger" Allan Spissinger CPA, CA Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Enertopia Corporation: Exhibit 32.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Robert McAllister, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enertopia Corp. for the year ended August 31, 2023 (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Enertopia Corp. 
 Dated: November 29, 2023 

"Robert McAllister" 

Robert McAllister 

President and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Enertopia Corp. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Enertopia Corp. and will be retained by Enertopia Corp. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Enertopia Corporation: Exhibit 32.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Allan Spissinger, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enertopia Corp. for the year ended August 31, 2023 (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Enertopia Corp. 
 Dated: November 29, 2023 

"Allan Spissinger" 

Allan Spissinger CPA, CA 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Enertopia Corp. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Enertopia Corp. and will be retained by Enertopia Corp. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 enrt-20230831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 enrt-20230831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 enrt-20230831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 enrt-20230831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

