<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231027_10-K_edgar_data_1061164_0001477932-23-007895.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2369793</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>60278</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>531776</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>537831</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>499054</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>695258</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-007895.hdr.sgml : 20231027
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231026184821
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-007895
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231027
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231026

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PEREGRINE INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001061164
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GENERAL INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT, NEC [3569]
		IRS NUMBER:				650611007
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27511
		FILM NUMBER:		231351550

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		40 WALL STREET
		STREET 2:		28TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10005
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2124007198

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		40 WALL STREET
		STREET 2:		28TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10005

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-007895.txt : 20231027

10-K
 1
 pgid_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

pgid_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 ___________________ FORM ___________________ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the year ended Commission File No.: (Exact Name Of Registrant As Specified In Its Charter) (State of Incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (ZIP Code) Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: ) Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Indicate if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such fi les). Yes Indicate whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) or a smaller reporting company. Large accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Accelerated filer Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, October 12, 2023, was . Note. - If a determination as to whether a particular person or entity is an affiliate cannot be made without involving unreasonable effort and expense, the aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates may be calculated on the basis of assumptions reasonable under the circumstances, provided that the assumptions are set forth in this Form. The number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of October 12, 2023 is . TABLE OF CONTENTS Item Description Page PART I ITEM 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 3 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 5 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 5 ITEM 2. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY 5 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 5 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 5 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 6 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 7 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND PLAN OF OPERATION 7 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 8 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 9 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 22 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 22 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 24 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 25 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 26 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 26 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 27 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 27 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 28 2 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS Some of the statements contained in this Form 10-K of Peregrine Industries, Inc. (hereinafter the Company , We or the Registrant discuss future expectations, contain projections of our plan of operation or financial condition or state other forward-looking information. In this registration statement, forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words such as anticipate , plan , believe , expect , estimate , and the like. Forward-looking statements involve future risks and uncertainties, there are factors that could cause actual results or plans to differ materially from those expressed or implied. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the statements. The forward-looking information is based on various factors and is derived using numerous assumptions. A reader, whether investing in the Company s securities or not, should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this annual report. Important factors that may cause actual results to differ from projections include, for example: the success or failure of management s efforts to implement the Registrant s plan of operation; the ability of the Registrant to fund its operating expenses; the ability of the Registrant to compete with other companies that have a similar plan of operation; the effect of changing economic conditions impacting our plan of operation; the ability of the Registrant to meet the other risks as may be described in future filings with the SEC. Organizational History and General Background of the Registrant The Company was incorporated in Florida in 1995 for the purpose of designing and manufacturing heat pump pool heaters, residential air conditioners and parallel flow coils for the heating, ventilation and air conditioning industry. In June 2002, the Registrant and its subsidiaries filed a petition for bankruptcy in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Florida. The Company emerged from bankruptcy in March 2004 free and clear of all liens, claims and obligations. On July 17, 2017, Peregrine Industries, Inc., (the Registrant issued a total of 22,477,843 or 97.7 of the issued common restricted shares of the Registrant s common stock, par value 0.0001 (the Shares to Dolomite Holdings Ltd., organized under the laws of the State of Israel and the corporate parent and principal shareholder of the Registrant Dolomite ). The Shares were issued upon the conversion by Dolomite, effective July 14, 2017, of principal and accrued interest owed by the Registrant to Dolomite evidenced by convertible notes and other short-term debt in the aggregate amount of 443,718, representing all of the liabilities of the Registrant at its fiscal year-ended June 30, 2017. The fair value of the shares was deemed to be the carrying value of the principal and accrued interest, 443,718. Dolomite was a related party therefore the settlement had no gain or loss. The issuance of the Shares was made in reliance upon the exemptions provided in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act and Regulation S promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act ). . Effective July 21, 2017, Dolomite sold, transferred and assigned the total of 22,477,843 restricted shares of the Registrant s common stock, to four persons, none of whom were affiliated with the Registrant or with Dolomite. The 22,477,843 Shares represented in excess of 97 of the Registrant s total issued and outstanding Shares at July 21, 2017, resulting in a change of control of the Company. 3 Table of Contents On September 3, 2021, through our wholly owned subsidiary Mace Merger, Corp., Mace, Corporation was merged into our Company, through the issuance to each shareholder of one share of Peregrine, Industries for each four share of Mace, Corporation which they held. A total of 250,000,000 were issued. The 22,477,843 shares held per the above paragraph were returned to the Company for cancelation. Business Objectives of the Registrant The Registrant, through the above merger is now carrying on the business, of Mace Corporation. Management has a business plan which it intends to pursue during the coming fiscal year. The Company is actively pursuing the Mace business model on which to concentrate. The Mace business model is in its infancy and accordingly, there is no basis for investors in the Company s common stock to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business or the particular industry in which it operates. We may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business and operations of an early stage or potential emerging growth company. Employees Because of the virus and minimal operations the Company, presently, has two full time and two part time employees. We currently have no employees, except for those included in the Mace, Corporation merger. The officers perform any duties necessary for corporate maintenance. Our CEO performs all duties related to the operations of this business. We also plan to utilize additional independent contractors on a part-time/as needed basis. 4 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and is not required to provide the information under this item. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS The Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and is not required to provide the information under this item. ITEM 2. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTIES The Company rents corporate office space located at 4525 W. Reno Ave., Ste. A 5, Las Vegas, NV. The office facilities consist of approximately 1,115 square feet of executive office space. The Registrant believes that the office facilities are sufficient for the foreseeable future. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDING None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES None. 5 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTER (a) Market Price Information Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol PGID, an inter-dealer automated quotation system for equity securities not included on The NASDAQ Stock Market. Quotation of the Company s securities on the OTCQB limits the liquidity and price of the Company s common stock more than if the Company s shares of common stock were listed on The NASDAQ Stock Market or a national exchange. For the periods indicated, the following table sets forth the high and low bid prices per share of common stock. The below prices represent inter-dealer quotations without retail markup, markdown, or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. FISCAL YEAR ENDED JULY 31 2022 2023 HI LOW HI LOW October 31 0.45 0.45 0.02 0.02 January 31 0.20 0.20 0.15 0.15 April 30 0.19 0.18 0.06 0.06 July 31 0.18 0.17 0.28 0.28 (b) As of July 31, 2023, our shares of common stock were held by approximately 235 stockholders of record. The Company s transfer agent is VStock Transfer, LLC. (c) Dividends We currently do not pay cash dividends on our common stock and have no plans to reinstate a dividend on our common stock. (d) Sale of Unregistered Securities On July 17, 2017, Peregrine Industries, Inc., issued a total of 22,477,843 of its restricted common shares, par value 0.0001, to Dolomite Holdings Ltd., the corporate parent and principal shareholder of the Registrant, at that time. The Shares were issued upon the conversion by Dolomite, effective July 14, 2017, of principal and accrued interest owed by the Registrant to Dolomite evidenced by convertible notes and other short-term debt in the aggregate amount of 443,718, representing all of the liabilities of the Registrant at its fiscal year-ended June 30, 2017. The fair value of the shares is determined to be the carrying value of the principal and accrued interest of 443,718 since Dolomite was related party. Therefore the settlement didn t have any gain or loss. The issuance of the Shares was made in reliance upon the exemptions provided in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Regulation S promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Effective July 21, 2017, Dolomite sold, transferred and assigned a total of 22,477,843 restricted shares of the Registrant s common stock, par value 0.0001 that it acquired upon the conversion of all liabilities owed by the Registrant to Dolomite, to four persons, none of whom were affiliated with the Registrant or with Dolomite. The 22,477,843 Shares represented in excess of 97 of the Registrant s total issued and outstanding Shares at July 21, 2017, resulting in a change of control of the Company. Effective July 30, 2021 the Company issued 250,000,000 common restricted shares to the shareholders of Mace, Corporation in return for their shareholding in Mace, Corporation. At the same time the four controlling shareholders of the Company returned their combined 22,477,843 common restricted shares to be cancelled. On June 1, 2022 the Company sold, to an affiliate, for cash, 500,000 of its common restricted shares, recorded at a cost of 0.10 per share. On December 31, 2022 the Company sold, to an investor, for cash, 1,000,000 of its common restricted shares, recorded at a cost of 0.01 per share. On March 28, 2023 the Company issued an additional 100,000 common restricted shares, to a previous investor, to settle a dispute, recorded at a cost of 0.15 per share. (e) Equity Compensation Plans We have no equity compensation plans. 6 Table of Contents ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA N.A. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND PLAN OF OPERATION The following discussion contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future events. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They use of words such as anticipate , estimate , expect , project , intend , plan , believe , and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. From time to time, we also may provide forward-looking statements in other materials we release to the public. Recent Developments Results of Operations during the year ended July 31, 2023 as compared to the year ended July 31, 2022. Although we have not generated any revenues during the years previous to the Mace merger, Mace Corporation did generate 22,007 and 22,723 sales revenue during the years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 respectively. Operating losses for the years ended July 31, 2023 and July 31, 2022 were 394,086 and 307,902 previous to building sale proceeds of 198,204 and forgiven payroll grants of 10,000, for the year ended July 31, 2022. Liquidity and Capital Resources On July 31, 2023 and July 31, 2022 we had 397,465 and 572,972 cash on hand. For the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company used 173,939 for operating activities, compared to the year ended July 31, 2022 when we provided 390,714 cash, primarily from the sale of the Company owned building. For the year ended July 31, 2023 we used 11,568 compared to 18,724 to acquire patents during the year ended July 31, 2022. During the year ended July 31, 2023 we raised 10,000 from the sale of common stock compared to the year ended July 31, 2022 when we received 50,000 from the sale of common shares, 106,700 from SBA loans and repaid a 50,000 related party loan. As of July 31, 2023 the Company has sufficient cash to satisfy its cash requirements for the next 12 months. If additional cash is required, through borrowings from its majority shareholders or a related party, management believes it can satisfy its cash requirements by obtaining financing from its controlling shareholders. 7 Table of Contents Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements The Company has only limited capital. Additional financing may be necessary for the Company to continue as a going concern. As of July 31, 2023 and 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a) (4) (ii) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act of 1934. Contractual Obligations and Commitments As of July 31, 2023 and 2022 we did not have any contractual obligations other than the lease to rent the premises being utilized for the Company office. Critical Accounting Policies Our significant accounting policies are described in the notes to our financial statements for the years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, and are included elsewhere in this 10-K. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We have not entered into, and do not expect to enter into, financial instruments for trading or hedging purposes. 8 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 10 Financial Statements for the years Ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 Balance Sheets 11 Statements of Operations 12 Statement of Stockholders Deficit 13 Statements of Cash Flows 14 Notes to Financial Statements 15 9 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the shareholders and the board of directors of Peregrine Industries, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Peregrine Industries, Inc. as of July 31, 2023 and 2022, the related statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of July 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In addition, the Company continues to experience negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ BF Borgers CPA PC (PCAOB ID We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020 October 26, 2023 10 Table of Contents Peregrine Industries, Inc. Balance Sheets July 31, July 31, 2023 2022 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Long term assets Production equipment - net Patents - cost Right of use asset Total long term assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Current portion of lease liability Current portion of long term loan Total current liabilities Long term liabilities SBA loan Lease liability Total long term liabilities Stockholders' equity Preferred stock, par value; authorized; none issued and outstanding as of July 31, 2023 and 2022 , respectively Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of July 31, 2023 and as of July 31, 2022 Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity (see accompanying notes which are an integral part of these audited financial statements) 11 Table of Contents Peregrine Industries, Inc. Statement of Operations For the Years Ended July 31 2023 2022 Revenue, net Revenue total Cost of sales Product cost Cost of sales Gross profit Operating expenses Amortization and inventory impairment General and administrative expenses Salary and payroll costs Total operating expenses Loss from operations Other income (expense) Other income Gain on sale of land and buildings in excess of net book value Patent impairment Payroll and other grants forgiven Total other income (expense) Net loss for the year Basic and diluted loss per share Weighted average shares outstanding Basic and diluted (see accompanying notes which are an integral part of these audited financial statements) 12 Table of Contents Peregrine Industries, Inc. Statements of Stockholders' Equity For the Years Ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 Common Shares Par Value Additional Paid in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Equity Balances, July 31, 2022 Common shares issued for cash Common shares issued as a bonus Common shares issued to balance Loss for the year - Balances, July 31, 2023 Balances, July 31, 2021 Common shares issued for cash Loss for the year - Balances, July 31, 2022 (see accompanying notes which are an integral part of these audited financial statements) 13 Table of Contents Peregrine Industries, Inc. Statements of Cash Flow For the Years Ended July 31 2023 2022 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in used in operating activities Common restricted shares issued as a settlement Inventory impairment Patent impairment Gain on asset disposal Depreciation Changes in operating assets and liabilities Decrease (increse) in inventory Decrease in accounts receivable (Decrease) increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets (Decrease) increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses Operating lease liabilities Cash provided by (used in) operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Cash used to acquire patents Net proceeds received for sale of land and buildings Cash used in investing activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Sale of common shares for cash Proceeds form SBA Payroll Protection Plan Repayment of related party loan Cash flows provided by financing activities NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period (see accompanying notes which are an integral part of these audited financial statements) 14 Table of Contents Peregrine, Industries, Inc. Notes to Financial Statements For the Year Ended July 31, 2023 shares of common stock, representing approximately of the Company's outstanding common stock, to Dolomite Industries Ltd ("Dolomite"). In connection with the private sale of their shares of common stock to Dolomite on July 2, 2013, Messrs. Rubin and Heiden agreed to waive a total of in liabilities owed to them at June 30, 2013. In connection with the change of control transaction, two former principal shareholders transferred and assigned all of their two convertible notes to three unaffiliated third parties and one affiliated party. See also note 3. On June 12, 2017, the Board of Directors of the Registrant appointed Mr. Zohar Shpitz as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of the Registrant. Mr. Shpitz was appointed as CFO in connection with the resignation of Mr. Ofer Naveh as the Registrant's CFO, effective June 19, 2017. On July 21, 2017, new management acquired, or of the issued common restricted shares. The new management is developing a business plan which they anticipate implementing within the current fiscal year. On September 3, 2021, through our wholly owned subsidiary Mace Merger, Corp., Mace, Corporation was merged into our Company, through the issuance to each shareholders of one share of Peregrine, Industries for each four share of Mace, Corporation which they held. A total of were issued. The shares held, by the new management, per the above paragraph, were returned to the Company for cancelation. Reclassification Use of Estimates: 15 Table of Contents Peregrine, Industries, Inc. Notes to Financial Statements For the Year Ended July 31, 2023 . Land and Building , resulting from the sale price of , were held in escrow and received by the Company on November 2, 2021. Earnings (loss) per share : Revenue Recognition 16 Table of Contents Peregrine, Industries, Inc. Notes to Financial Statements For the Year Ended July 31, 2023 Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts and respectively. An allowance for doubtful accounts will be provided for those accounts receivable considered to be uncollectable based on historical experience and management s evaluation of outstanding accounts receivable at the end of the period. Management has reviewed the current accounts receivable and has concluded that no allowance was necessary as of July 31, 2023 and July 31, 2022. Bad debts will be written off against the allowance when identified. Inventory and worth of inventory, stated at the lower of cost or market, valued on an average cost basis. The inventory is reviewed at least quarterly and adjusted for and discrepancies. Managements evaluation was that there was impairment of required on July 31, 2023 or on July 31, 2022. Related Party Transactions Prepaid Expenses and Product Deposits and at July 31, 2023 and July 31, 2022 respectively consist of cash paid in advance for services to be provided. The Company outsources all of the manufacturing processes and has paid deposits, to its manufacturers. At July 31, 2023 and 2022, there were no outstanding deposits. Service provider prepayments are amortized over the useful life of the service. 17 Table of Contents Peregrine, Industries, Inc. Notes to Financial Statements For the Year Ended July 31, 2023 Production Molds years. Cost of repairs and maintenance will be expensed as incurred. The value of each mold is reviewed quarterly and will be impaired, when necessary, based on managements valuation of the molds continuing viability. Depreciation of has been recorded through July 31, 2023. Because the molds were totally depreciated no depreciation was recorded for the year ended July 31, 2023 compared to for the year ended July 31, 2022. Patents for patent costs and determined that patent assets should be impaired by for the year ended July 31, 2023. Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements Income taxes 18 Table of Contents Peregrine, Industries, Inc. Notes to Financial Statements For the Year Ended July 31, 2023 Deferred tax benefit Valuation allowance Net deferred tax asset Share-Based Compensation Fair Value Measurement 19 Table of Contents Peregrine, Industries, Inc. Notes to Financial Statements For the Year Ended July 31, 2023 and as of July 31, 2023 and 2022 respectively. During the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company recorded a loss of which included an inventory valuation write down of , compared to a net loss for the year ended July 31, 2022 of which included profit of derived from the sale of its building, plus from debt forgiveness. The Company has sufficient cash on hand to support its operations for the next fiscal year but has limited business operations, which raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustment relating to the recoverability and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The Company is taking appropriate action to provide the necessary capital to continue its operations. These steps include, but are not limited to: 1) implementation of new business plan 2)focus on sales to minimize the need for capital at this stage; 3) raising equity financing; 4) continuous focus on reductions in cost where possible. There is no assurance that equity or debt offerings will be successful in raising sufficient funds to assure the eventual profitability of the Company. non-interest bearing, unsecured and without repayment terms. The loan was repaid on . The four controlling shareholders, as a condition of the Merger Agreement, returned, for cancellation, their common restricted shares to the Company. shares of common stock, par value . All issued shares of common stock are entitled to one vote per share of common stock. Effective July 31, 2021, the Company issued common restricted shares to the Mace shareholders to acquire of the Mace Corporation. The Company s controlling shareholders, simultaneously, returned, for cancellation, their common shares. 20 Table of Contents Peregrine, Industries, Inc. Notes to Financial Statements For the Year Ended July 31, 2023 of its common restricted shares, for cash, or per share. On March 28, 2023, the Company issued common restricted shares to an existing investor, in settlement of a dispute, recorded at a cost of per share. Preferred Stock The articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share. None are issued. . At July 31, 2023, in accordance with ASC Topic 842, we recognized a right of use ROU asset of and an operating lease liability of . The lease liability is determined by discounting the future lease payments under the lease terms and applying a per annum discount rate to determine the current lease liability. Supplemental balance sheet information related to operating leases is as follows: Total Operating lease liabilities, current Operating lease liabilities, non-current Total operating lease liabilities Operating lease cost Total lease cost Weighted average discount rate Weighted average remaining lease terms (years) Future minimum lease payment 8 months ending July 31, 2024 Total Imputed interest Total lease liabilities U.S. Small Business Administration Loan and Agreement On February 19, 2022 the U.S. Small Business Administration authorized a secured loan, in the amount of , to Mace Corporation. The loan balance, bearing interest of , with . 21 Table of Contents ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Management s Report on Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), are our controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Act is accumulated and communicated to our management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) under the Exchange Act, requires us to carry out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of July 31, 2023. This evaluation was implemented under the supervision and with the participation of our officers and directors. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that, as of July 31, 2023 our disclosure controls and procedures are ineffective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported in a timely manner and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our officers and directors have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures had the following material weaknesses: We were unable to maintain any segregation of duties within our financial operations due to our reliance on limited personnel in the finance function. This control deficiency resulted in an audit adjustment to our financial statements, and could have resulted in a material misstatement that might have been prevented or detected by a segregation of duties. We do not have an independent Board of Directors, nor do we have a board member designated as an independent financial expert. The Board of Directors is comprised of four members who also serve as executive officers. As a result, there is a lack of independent oversight of the management team, lack of independent review of our operating and financial results, and lack of independent review of disclosures made by us; and documentation of all proper accounting procedures is not yet complete. There is a lack of formal documentation of internal control policies and procedures. To the extent reasonably possible given our limited resources, we intend to take measures to cure the aforementioned weaknesses, including, but not limited to, the following: Engaging consultants to assist in ensuring that accounting policies and procedures are consistent across the organization and that we have adequate control over financial statement disclosures; 22 Table of Contents Hiring additional qualified financial personnel; Expanding our current board of directors to include additional independent individuals willing to perform directorial functions; and Increasing our workforce in preparation for exiting the development stage and commencing revenue producing operations. Since the recited remedial actions will require that we hire or engage additional personnel, these material weaknesses may not be overcome in the near-term due to our limited financial resources. Until such remedial actions can be realized, we will continue to rely on the limited advice of outside professionals and consultants. These initiatives will be subject to our ability to obtain sufficient future financing and subject to our ability to start generating revenue. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation and fair presentation of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our officers have assessed the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as of July 31, 2023. In making this assessment, management used the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based upon its assessment, management concluded that, as of July 31, 2023, our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective. Management has identified a lack of sufficient personnel in the accounting function due to our limited resources with appropriate skills, training and experience to perform the review processes to ensure the complete and proper application of generally accepted accounting principles. We are in the process of developing and implementing remediation plans to address our material weaknesses in our internal controls. Management has identified specific remedial actions to address the material weaknesses described above: Improve the effectiveness of the accounting group by augmenting our existing resources with additional consultants or employees to improve segregation procedures and to assist in the analysis and recording of complex accounting transactions and preparation of tax disclosures. We plan to mitigate the segregation of duties issue by hiring additional personnel in the accounting department once we have achieved positive cash flow from operations and/or have raised significant additional working capital; and improve segregation procedures by strengthening cross approval of various functions including cash disbursements and quarterly internal audit procedures where appropriate. 23 Table of Contents Due to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to an exemption for smaller reporting companies under Section 989G of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting During the year ended July 31, 2023 there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None 24 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The following table sets forth the names and ages of the members of our Board of Directors and our executive officers and the positions held by each: Miaohong Hanson Age 58 President and Chief Executive Officer Dong Hai Shi Age 59 Chairman of Board of Directors; Executive Vice President Ronaldo Panida Age 61 Director/CFO Daniel Slater Age 30 Director; Secretary, Treasurer Jeff Rorick Age 66 Director Miaohong Hanson, President, CEO and Director; Ms. Miaohong Hanson, age 58 has served as President and CEO of Mace Corporation from December 2015 to present. Miaohong Hanson is Chief Executive Officer of Mace Corporation, Inc. Mrs. Hanson brings a wealth of knowledge in the field of business development, management, and all stages of product line development. She has managed companies in the United States and Asia. Mrs. Hanson is also the Chairwoman of the Board of Directors of Mace Corporation and Peregrine Industries, Inc. Prior to the formation of Mace Corporation, Inc., Mrs. Hanson was Chief Financial Officer and Vice President for J.C. Hanson Associates, was previously Vice President and Manager of Purchases, Sales, and Customer Service (South China) for Jiangxi Techmed Inkjet Co. Ltd. Ms. Hanson speaks fluent Chinese and English. Ms. Hanson was selected for the Board of Directors because of her general business experience and management knowledge of United States and Asian markets. Dong Hai Shi, Chairman of Board of Directors, Executive Vice President and Director;. Dong Hai Shi, age 58, has served as Executive V.P. of Mace Corporation from December 2015 to present. He also is the founder and chairman Hong Kong WeChat Business E-Commerce Ltd and USA WeChat Business E-Commerce, Inc. He was founder and chairman of Shang Hai Hai Tong Architectural Ltd., Shang Hai Ao Tong Property Management Inc., and Shang Hai Si Tong Construction Ltd. He was the president of his own construction company in Shang Hai from 2005 to 2009. He speaks fluent Chinese and some English. Mr. Shi was selected for the Board of Directors because of his general business experience, knowledge, contacts, and multiple businesses in Asia. Ronaldo Panida, Director, Chief Financial Officer; Ronaldo Panida, age 60, is presently employed by Wal-Mart Vision Center as a Vision Center Manager. He was previously a District Manager for the Optical Division in Reno, NV, Hawaii and Alaska. Duties were, Operations, Budgeting and Compliance. He attended Leeward College of University of Hawaii major in Liberal Arts. Attended Kenway School of Accounting and received a Diploma as a Fullcharge Accountant in Hawaii. Mr. Panida later became an Optical Technician in Hawaii and received a Refracting Optician Diploma. Mr. Panida is currently a Licensed Optician in both the state of Nevada and the state of Hawaii. He is certified in both American Board of Optician and National Contact Lens Certified. Mr. Panida was selected as a director because of his business experience in a retail environment. Jeff Rorick, Director; Jeff Rorick, age 67, is an Information Systems professional with extensive experience in Retail Operations. He has been a Chief Information Officer and member of Executive Committee since 2003. His core strength is in Applications Development with expertise in Supply Chain Management, Marketing and Store Systems. His key strengths include planning, team building, communication and decision making. He has maintained excellent relationships with members of senior management and was a key member involved in merger activities in both the grocery and drug sectors. Despite retiring at the end of 2014, he is open to consulting opportunities. He has completed two years of general education with emphasis on Accounting and Information Systems, and attended and sponsored numerous management, leadership and technical training programs. 25 Table of Contents Daniel Slater, Director, Secretary and Treasurer; Daniel Slater, age 30, has handled a variety of tasks and processes during the almost two years he has been employed at Mace Corporation. Some of those activities include: preparation of stock certificates, managing out-of-office shipments, reviewing board resolutions, and responsibility for sales and reconciliations in the Mace accounting system. Prior to his employment, he has proven himself to be a diligent student, graduating from UNLV with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration; Accounting degree in 2015, and again from UNLV with a Master of Science in accounting degree in 2017. Code of Ethics The Corporation has adopted a Code of Ethics that are designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote honest and ethical conduct, full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in the Registrant s SEC reports and other public communications. The Code of Ethics promotes compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations. Section 16(a) Compliance Section 16(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 requires the Registrant s directors and executive officers, and persons who own beneficially more than ten percent (10 of the Registrant s Common Stock, to file reports of ownership and changes of ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Copies of all filed reports are required to be furnished to the Registrant pursuant to Section 16(a). Based solely on the reports received by the Registrant and on written representations from reporting persons, the Registrant was informed that its officer and director have not filed all reports required under Section 16(a). ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION No executive compensation was paid, by the Company, during the fiscal periods ended July 31, 2023 and 2022. The Registrant has no employment agreement with its Directors. Executive Employment Agreements To date, we have not entered into any employment agreements with our executive officers. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of July 31, 2023. The information in this table provides the ownership information for: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock; each of our directors; each of our executive officers; and our executive officers and directors as a group. Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the shares. Unless otherwise indicated, the persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to the number of shares indicated as beneficially owned by them. 26 Table of Contents Name of Beneficial Owner Common Stock Beneficially Owned (1) Percentage of Common Stock Beneficially Owned (1) Dong Hai Shi Chairman of board of directors, executive vice president, director 72,227,414 28.7 Miaohong Hanson President, C.E.O. director 23,750,000 9.4 Ronaldo Panida Director, C.F.O. 1,266,500 0.0 all directors and officers as a group 97,243,914 38.1 (1) Applicable percentage ownership is based on 252,124,221 shares of common stock outstanding as of July 31, 2023. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE During the last two fiscal years, to the knowledge of the Registrant, there was no person who had or has a direct or indirect material interest in any transaction or proposed transaction to which the Registrant was or is a party. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES On February 4th, 2020 (the Engagement Date ), the Company engaged BF Borgers CPA PC New Auditor as its independent registered public accounting firm for the Company s fiscal year ended July 31, 2020. The decision to engage the new auditor as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm was approved by the Company s Board of Directors. Principal Accounting Fees The following table presents the fees for professional audit services rendered by BF Borgers CPA PC for the audit of the Registrant s annual financial statements, for the years ended July 31, 2023 and July 31, 2022, respectively, and fees billed for other services rendered by B F Borgers CPA PC. Year Ended July 31, 2022 July 31, 2023 Audit fees (1) 32,500 25,500 Audit-related fees (2) 2,550 All other fees (1) Audit fees consist of audit and review services, consents and review of documents filed with the SEC. (2) Audit-related fees consist of assistance and discussion concerning financial accounting and reporting standards and other accounting issues. 27 Table of Contents ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE (a) The following documents are filed as exhibits to this report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference herein. Any document incorporated by reference is identified by a parenthetical reference to the SEC filing that included such document. Exhibit No. Description 31.1 Certification of CEO pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of CFO pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of CEO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of CFO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 28 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following person on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. PEREGRINE INDUSTRIES INC. Date: October 26, 2023 By: /s/ Miahong Hanson Miahong Hanson President and Chief Executive Officer 29 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 pgid_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 pgid_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 PEREGRINE INDUSTRIES, INC. OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 I, Miaohong Hanson certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Peregrine Industries, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules l3a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, lo ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles: c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Described in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Dated: October 26, 2023 By: /s/ Miaohong Hanson Miaohong Hanson Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer} 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 pgid_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 pgid_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 PEREGRINE INDUSTRIES, INC. OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 I, Ronaldo Panida certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Peregrine Industries, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and l5d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and !Sd-lS(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Dated: October 26, 2023 By: /s/ Ronaldo Panida Ronaldo Panida Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 pgid_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 pgid_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 PEREGRINE INDUSTRIES, INC. CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the annual report of Peregrine Industries, Inc. (the Registrant) on Form 10-K for the period ended July 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Miaohong Hanson, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (l) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Miaohong Hanson and will be retained by Peregrine Industries and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. Dated October 26, 2023 By: /s/ Miaohong Hanson Miaohong Hanson Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 pgid_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 pgid_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 PEREGRINE INDUSTRIES, INC. CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the annual report of Peregrine Industries, Inc. (the Registrant) on Form 10-K for the period ended July 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Ronaldo Panida, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Ronaldo Panida and will be retained by Peregrine Industries, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. Dated: October 26, 2023 By: /s/ Ronaldo Panida Ronaldo Panida Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 pgid-20230731.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 pgid-20230731_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 pgid-20230731_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 pgid-20230731_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

