<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231206_10-K_edgar_data_80420_0000080420-23-000051.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10477546</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>776214</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2047527</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3965772</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1876828</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1591022</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000080420-23-000051.hdr.sgml : 20231206
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231206133336
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000080420-23-000051
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231206
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			POWELL INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000080420
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SWITCHGEAR & SWITCHBOARD APPARATUS [3613]
		IRS NUMBER:				880106100
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12488
		FILM NUMBER:		231469042

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8550 MOSLEY DR
		STREET 2:		POST OFFICE BOX 12818
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77075
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7139446900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8550 MOSLEY DRIVE P O BOX 12818
		STREET 2:		8550 MOSLEY DRIVE P O BOX 12818
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77075

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PROCESS SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19780926

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000080420-23-000051.txt : 20231206

10-K
 1
 powl-20230930.htm
 10-K

powl-20230930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million as of March 31, 2023, based upon the closing price on the NASDAQ Global Market on that date. The registrant, solely for the purpose of the calculation above, had deemed its board of directors, executive officers, and beneficial owners of 10 or more of the voting shares of its common stock to be affiliates, and deducted their stockholdings in determining the aggregate market value. 
 At December 4, 2023, there were outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.01 per share. 
 
 Documents Incorporated By Reference 

POWELL INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements; Risk Factors 
 3 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 7 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 16 
 Item 2. Properties 
 16 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 16 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 16 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 17 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 19 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 25 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 27 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 55 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 55 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 55 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 55 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 56 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 56 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 56 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 56 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 56 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits. Financial Statement Schedules 
 57 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 59 
 Signatures 
 60 
 
 2 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS; 
 RISK FACTORS 
 Unless otherwise indicated, all references to we, us, our, Powell or the Company include Powell Industries, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (Annual Report) includes forward-looking statements based on our current expectations, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include information concerning future results of operations and financial condition. Statements that contain words such as believes, expects, anticipates, intends, estimates, continue, should, could, may, plan, project, predict, will or similar expressions may be forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and many factors could affect the future financial results and condition of the Company. Factors that may have a material effect on our revenues, expenses and operating results include, among other things, adverse business or market conditions, our ability to meet our customers scheduling requirements, our customers financial conditions and their ability to secure financing to support current and future projects, the availability and cost of materials from suppliers, availability and cost of a skilled labor force, adverse competitive developments and changes in customer requirements as well as those circumstances discussed under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, below. Accordingly, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report. Any forward-looking statements made by or on our behalf are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based on current assumptions that we will continue to develop, market, manufacture and ship products and provide services on a competitive and timely basis; that economic and competitive conditions in our markets will not change in a materially adverse way; that we will accurately identify and meet customer needs for products and services; that we will be able to hire and retain skilled laborers and key employees; that our products and capabilities will remain competitive; that the financial markets and banking systems will remain stable and availability of credit will continue; that risks related to shifts in customer demand are minimized and that there will be no material adverse change in the operations or business of the Company. Assumptions relating to these factors involve judgments that are based on available information, which may not be complete, and are subject to changes in many factors beyond the Company s control that can materially affect results. Because of these and other factors that affect our operating results, past financial performance should not be considered an indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods. 
 
 3 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 Powell Industries, Inc. is a Delaware corporation founded by William E. Powell in 1947. We develop, design, manufacture and service custom-engineered equipment and systems that (1) distribute, control and monitor the flow of electrical energy and (2) provide protection to motors, transformers and other electrically powered equipment. We are headquartered in Houston, Texas, and our major subsidiaries, all of which are wholly owned, include Powell Electrical Systems, Inc.; Powell (UK) Limited; Powell Canada, Inc.; and Powell Industries International, B.V. 
 Our website is powellind.com . We make available, free of charge on or through our website, copies of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as is reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Additionally, all of our reports filed with the SEC are available via their website at sec.gov . 
 References to Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 used throughout this Annual Report relate to our fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Products and Services 
 Our principal products include integrated power control room substations (PCRs ), custom-engineered modules, electrical houses (E-Houses), traditional and arc-resistant distribution switchgear and control gear, medium-voltage circuit breakers, monitoring and control communications systems, motor control centers, switches and bus duct systems. These products are designed for application voltages ranging from 480 volts to 38,000 volts. We are headquartered in Houston, Texas and serve the oil and gas and petrochemical markets, which include onshore and offshore production, liquefied natural gas (LNG) facilities and terminals, pipelines, refineries and petrochemical plants. Additional markets include electric utility, light rail traction power as well as mining and metals, pulp and paper, data centers and other municipal, commercial and industrial markets. Our product scope includes designs tested to meet both United States (U.S.) and international standards, under both the American National Standards Institute (ANSI) and International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC). We assist customers by providing field service inspection, installation, commissioning, modification, and repair services, as well as spare parts, retrofit and retrofill components for existing systems, and replacement circuit breakers for obsolete switchgear no longer produced by the original manufacturer. We seek to establish long-term relationships with the end users of our systems as well as design and construction engineering firms contracted by those end users. We believe that our exemplary culture of safety and focus on customer satisfaction, along with our financial strength, allow us to continue to capitalize on opportunities in the industries we serve. 
 Products and services are principally sold directly to the end user or to an engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) firm on behalf of the end user. Each project is specifically engineered and manufactured to meet the exact specifications and requirements of the individual customer. Powell s expertise is in the design, engineering, manufacturing, project management and integration of assorted systems into a single, custom-engineered deliverable. We market and sell our products and services, which are typically awarded in competitive bid situations, to a wide variety of customers and governmental agencies spanning diverse markets and geographic regions. Contracts often represent large-scale and complex projects with an individual customer. By their nature, these projects are typically non-recurring. Thus, multiple and/or continuous projects of similar magnitude with the same customer are not predictable. The timing of large project awards may cause material fluctuations in our revenues and gross profits. 
 Occasionally our contracts may operate under a consortium or teaming arrangement. Typically, we enter into these arrangements with reputable companies with whom we have previously conducted business. These arrangements are generally made to leverage competitive positioning, or where scale and/or size dictates the use of such arrangement. 
 Due to the nature and timing of large projects, a significant percentage of our revenues in a given period may result from one specific contract or customer. We believe the reduction in business volume from a particular industry or the loss of a major customer could have an adverse effect on our business. From time to time, an individual manufacturing facility may have significant volume from one particular customer that would be material to that facility. If during that time the customer were to experience financial distress, a decline in business or circumstances that would otherwise necessitate a cancellation of a project with us, our revenue could be adversely impacted. No single customer accounted for more than 10 of our consolidated revenues in Fiscal 2023. 
 4 

Research and development activities are critical to Powell s future and are focused on both the development of new products and services as well as enhancing current product offerings. Our expertise in vacuum circuit breaker engineering is internationally recognized, and we are committed to incorporating continuous product improvements that will ensure sustained operational safety and reliability across the markets we serve. 
 Markets 
 We strive to be the supplier of choice for custom-engineered system solutions and services to a broad array of customers and markets. Demand for our products and services is driven predominantly by the oil and gas, petrochemical and electric utility industries, but we also serve other commercial and industrial markets where customers need to manage, monitor and control large amounts of electrical energy through a complex network of electrical components and systems. The majority of our business is in support of capital investment projects that are highly complex and competitively bid. Our customized systems are designed to meet the specifications of our customers. Each system is designed, engineered and manufactured to the specific requirements of the particular application. We consider our engineering, project management, systems integration and technical support capabilities vital to the success of our business. 
 In the oil, gas and petrochemical markets, we serve the upstream, midstream and downstream end markets. Within the downstream market, our primary customers typically are engaged in refining activities and/or leveraging natural gas feedstocks for the production of petrochemical or LNG products. The North American market is responding to increased international demand for LNG and gas-to-chemical processes utilizing low-cost gas feedstocks. Strong relationships have developed with our customers over the years and we are recognized as a preferred service provider to solve our customers' complex electrical needs. 
 One element of our strategic focus is to strengthen our project portfolio beyond our core oil, gas and petrochemical markets. Diversification efforts outside of our core oil, gas and petrochemical markets have resulted in an increase in backlog across the utility and commercial and other industrial markets. 
 We believe that our products and services, integration capabilities, technical and project management acumen, application engineering expertise and specialty contracting experience, together with our financial strength and responsiveness to the needs of our customers, give us a sustainable competitive advantage in our markets. We compete with a small number of multinational competitors that sell to a broad industrial and geographic market, as well as smaller, regional competitors that typically have limited capabilities and scope of supply. Some of our competitors are significantly larger and have substantially greater global resources such as engineering, manufacturing and marketing. Our principal competitors include ABB, Eaton, Schneider, and Siemens. The competitive factors used during bid evaluation by our customers vary from project to project and may include technical support and application expertise, engineering and manufacturing capabilities, equipment rating, delivered value, scheduling and price. While projects are typically non-recurring, a significant portion of our business is from repeat customers and many times involves third-party EPC firms hired by the end user and with whom we often have long, established relationships. Ultimately, our competitive position is dependent upon our ability to provide quality custom-engineered products, services and systems on a timely basis at a competitive price. 
 Backlog 
 Backlog represents management's estimate of the remaining unsatisfied performance obligation from work to be performed on our firm orders under uncompleted contracts and customer purchase orders, including approved change orders as well as new contractual agreements on which work has not begun. Our backlog will be recognized as revenue as we complete the remaining performance obligations. Our backlog does not include service and maintenance-type contracts for which we have the right to invoice as services are performed. Typically, our contracts may have an early termination for convenience clause at the discretion of our customers; however, most of these contracts typically provide for the reimbursement of our costs incurred and a reasonable margin in the event of such early termination. Our methodology for determining backlog may not be comparable to the methodology used by other companies. 
 Our backlog at September 30, 2023 totaled 1.3 billion compared to 592.2 million at September 30, 2022. The increase in our backlog is across all of our end markets, and particularly driven by our core oil, gas and petrochemical markets. We anticipate that approximately 648 million of Fiscal 2023 ending backlog will be fulfilled during our fiscal year ending September 30, 2024. Backlog may not be indicative of future operating results as orders may be cancelled or modified by our customers and may not be indicative of continuing revenue performance over future fiscal quarters. 
 5 

Raw Materials 
 The principal raw materials used in our operations include steel, copper and aluminum, as well as various engineered electrical components. Material costs represented 49 of revenues in Fiscal 2023, 51 of revenues in Fiscal 2022, and 49 of revenues in Fiscal 2021. Unanticipated changes in material requirements, market conditions and disruptions in the supply chain or price increases could impact production costs and affect our consolidated results of operations. 
 The equipment and materials that we use in our business are subject to availability and price fluctuations due to customer demand, producer capacity and market conditions. Uncertainty and demand disruptions have, in the past, resulted in considerable volatility across commodity markets. We have experienced supply chain disruptions driven predominately by availability and cost volatility across our raw materials, engineered components and labor force. As our procurement function seeks to address specific supply chain challenges, we continue working with our suppliers of key components and commodities to meet our customer commitments. While we have experienced, and may continue to experience, issues related to increased lead times for the purchase and delivery of key raw materials or components, we continue to monitor the availability (including transportation) and price of components and raw materials on a regular basis, as well as any potential impact on our operations. Additionally, we have adjusted our product pricing with our customers in response to the increased cost environment which has made a positive impact on our gross margins in Fiscal 2023. While the cost outlook for commodities used in the production of our products is not certain, we believe we can manage this volatility through contract pricing adjustments, with material-cost predictive estimating, hedging and by actively pursuing internal cost reduction efforts. 
 Our supply base for certain key components and raw materials is limited. Many of our products require raw materials and components supplied by a limited number of suppliers, and in some instances, a single supplier. Changes in our design to accommodate similar components from other suppliers could be implemented to resolve a supply problem related to a sole-sourced component. Supply problems could result in delays in our ability to meet commitments to our customers and potentially result in delay damages assessed by our customers. We believe that sources of supply for raw materials and components are generally sufficient, and we do not believe a temporary shortage of materials will cause any significant adverse impact to our business and results of operations in the future. 
 Human Capital 
 At September 30, 2023, we had 2,363 full-time employees and 362 contract employees located primarily in the U.S., Canada and the United Kingdom (U.K.). Our employees are not represented by unions, and we believe that our relationship with our employees is good. Periodically, we find it challenging to source qualified personnel in certain geographic areas due to increased construction or economic activity. We continue to monitor our demand for skilled and unskilled labor and provide training and competitive compensation packages in an effort to attract and retain skilled employees. A decline in our employee relations, labor shortages or increased labor costs could impair our ability to maintain our business, meet customer commitments or grow our revenues, and may adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 Our top human capital priorities include the well-being, health and safety, and retention of our employees, as well as enhanced learning and leadership training opportunities, workplace safety, internal promotion and key employee retention. Powell emphasizes a culture of safety that runs throughout the Company. We establish annual goals and monthly operating metrics, which have resulted in a safety incident rate of 0.7 which is below the industry average, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. We believe that the nine-year average tenure of our employees is a reflection of our inclusive and supportive culture, and focused efforts on internal promotion, key employee retention and succession planning. Our annual Organizational Capabilities Review is focused on succession planning within our organization and is reviewed annually by our Board of Directors. We measure our success based on the percentage of internal promotions to key positions and our ability to attract and retain key employees. 
 Intellectual Property 
 While we hold various patents, trademarks, servicemarks, copyrights and licenses, we do not consider any individual intellectual property to be material to our consolidated business operations. 
 Seasonality 
 Our operations are not generally affected by seasonality. However, weather and natural phenomena can temporarily impact the performance of our operations. Furthermore, quarterly operating results may fluctuate in our first fiscal quarter due to the reduction in the number of workdays related to the number of holidays and paid time off that is taken in that fiscal quarter. 
 6 

Government Regulations 
 We are subject to various government regulations in the U.S. as well as various international locations where we operate. These regulations cover diverse areas including environmental compliance, import and export controls, economic sanctions, data and privacy protection, transfer pricing rules, anti-bribery, anti-trafficking and anti-trust provisions. Our policies mandate compliance with applicable laws and regulations administered by various state, federal and international agencies. We have established a multi-faceted compliance program that includes educating employees and leadership, performing risk-based due diligence and evaluating our supplier base. We require legal and ethical practices in our everyday work. We do not believe that compliance with governmental regulations will have a material impact on our capital expenditures, results of operations or competitive position. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Our business is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties described below. If any of the following risks occur, the business's financial condition, cash flows, liquidity and results of operations may be negatively impacted, and we may not be able to achieve our quarterly, annual or long-range plans. Additional risks and uncertainties not known to us or not described below may also negatively impact our business and results of operations. This Annual Report also includes statements reflecting assumptions, expectations, projections, intentions or beliefs about future events that are intended as forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and should be read in conjunction with the discussion under Forward-Looking Statements, above. 
 
 Risk Factors Related to our Business and Industry 
 Our business is subject to the cyclical nature of the end markets that we serve. This has had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our future operating results. 
 The end markets that we serve have historically been cyclical and will continue to be vulnerable to general downturns, which in turn could materially and adversely affect the demand for our products and services. Our customer projects, budgets for capital expenditures and the need for our services have in the past, and may in the future, be adversely affected by among other things, the price of oil and gas, poor economic conditions, commodity prices, political uncertainties, cost of capital, and currency fluctuations. These variables may impact the number and/or the amount of new awards, delays in the timing of awards or potential cancellation of projects. Changes in product mix or services can have a significant impact on our gross margins on a quarterly and annual basis. The uncertainty of our contract award timing is outside of our control and can also present difficulties in matching workforce size with contract requirements. In some cases, we bear and maintain the cost of a ready workforce that may be larger than necessary in anticipation of future workforce needs. If an expected contract is delayed or not received, we may incur additional costs in staff or facility redundancy that could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our industry is highly competitive. 
 Some of our competitors are significantly larger and have substantially greater global resources such as engineering, manufacturing and marketing resources, and at various times, may be our customer or supplier on any given project. Competition in the industry depends on a number of factors, including the number of projects available, technical ability, production capacity, production lead times, location and the ability to win projects we bid. Certain of our competitors may have lower cost structures or a more favorable geographic footprint and may, therefore, be able to provide their products or services at lower prices. Similarly, we cannot be certain that we will be able to maintain or enhance our competitive position within our industry, maintain our customer base at current levels, increase our customer base or continue to provide technologically superior products at a competitive price. New companies may enter the markets in which we compete, or industry consolidation may occur, further increasing competition in our markets. Our failure to compete effectively and secure projects could adversely affect future revenues and could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 
 7 

Our business requires skilled and unskilled labor, and we may be unable to attract and retain qualified employees. 
 Our ability to maintain our productivity at competitive levels may be limited by our ability to employ, compensate, train and retain personnel necessary to meet our requirements. We face competition within and outside of our markets for qualified personnel across all of our workforce. We may experience shortages of qualified personnel such as engineers, project managers, supervisors, office personnel and select skilled trades. We cannot be certain that we will be able to maintain an adequate skilled or unskilled labor force or key technical personnel necessary to operate efficiently and to support our growth strategy and operations. We cannot be certain that our labor costs will not increase as a result of a shortage in the supply of skilled, unskilled and technical personnel or any governmental regulations. Labor shortages or increased labor costs could impair our ability to maintain our business, meet customer commitments or grow our revenues, and could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 Technological innovations may make existing products and production methods obsolete. 
 All of the products that we manufacture and sell depend upon optimizing available technology for success in the marketplace. The industries in which we operate are characterized by intense competition and are highly sensitive to technological innovation and customer requirements. It is possible for competitors (both domestic and international) to develop products or production methods that will make current products or methods obsolete or at a minimum hasten their obsolescence; therefore, we cannot be certain that our competitors will not develop the expertise, experience and resources to provide products and services that are superior in both price and quality. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and offer products that meet changing industry and customer specifications as well as fund our research and development costs. Consumer demand for further automation is changing the markets we operate in. Failure to successfully develop new products, or to enhance existing products, could result in the loss of existing customers to competitors, the inability to attract new business or an overall reduction in our competitive position, any of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Unforeseen difficulties with expansions, relocations, or consolidations of existing facilities could adversely affect our operations. 
 From time to time, we may decide to enter new markets, build or lease additional facilities, expand our existing facilities, relocate or consolidate one or more of our operations or exit a facility we may own or lease. Increased costs and production delays arising from the staffing, relocation, sublease, expansion or consolidation of our facilities could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Quality problems with our products could harm our reputation and erode our competitive position. 
 The success of our business depends upon the quality of our products and our relationships with customers. In the event that one of our products fails to meet our customers' standards or safety requirements or fails to operate effectively, our reputation could be harmed, which would adversely affect our marketing and sales efforts. We provide warranties to our customers for our products and services and the cost to satisfy customer warranty claims, which may include, among other things, costs for the repair or replacement of products, could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 Growth and product diversification through strategic acquisitions involve a number of risks. 
 Our strategy includes the pursuit of growth and product diversification through the acquisition of companies or assets and entering into joint ventures that could enable us to expand our geographic coverage and product and service offerings. We periodically review potential acquisitions; however, we may be unable to successfully implement this strategy. Acquisitions involve certain risks, including difficulties in the integration of operations and systems; failure to realize cost savings; the termination of relationships by key personnel and customers of the acquired company and a failure to retain or add additional employees to handle the increased volume of business. Additionally, financial and accounting challenges and complexities in areas such as valuation, tax planning, treasury management, systems integration and financial reporting from our acquisitions may impact our operating results. Due diligence may not be adequate or reveal all risks and challenges associated with our acquisitions. Companies that we acquire may not achieve revenues, profitability or cash flows that we expect, or that ultimately justify the investment. It is possible that impairment charges resulting from the overpayment for an acquisition may negatively impact our results of operations. Financing for acquisitions may require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on attractive terms, if at all, or which may be restricted under the terms of our credit facility or other financing arrangements. Any failure to successfully complete or successfully integrate acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 8 

We are exposed to risks relating to the use of subcontractors. 
 We hire subcontractors to perform work on some projects and may depend on third-party labor suppliers to provide the personnel necessary to engineer, manufacture and ship our products. If our subcontractors do not perform as expected for any reason, we may experience delays in completing our projects or incur additional costs. In addition, we may have disputes with these independent subcontractors arising from, among other things, the price, quality or timeliness of the work performed. Some of the third parties we engage in support of our operations operate internationally and thus we may be impacted by the economic, political and labor conditions in those regions as well as uncertainty caused by international relations issues between the U.S. and those countries. Any of these factors could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 Misconduct by our employees or subcontractors, or a failure to comply with laws or regulations, could harm our reputation, damage our relationships with customers and subject us to criminal and civil enforcement actions. 
 Misconduct, fraud, non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations, or other improper activities by one or more of our employees or subcontractors could have a significant negative impact on our business and reputation. While we take precautions to prevent and detect these activities, such precautions may not be effective and are subject to inherent limitations, including human error and fraud. Acts of misconduct, or our failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, could subject us to fines and penalties, harm our reputation, and/or damage our relationships with customers and could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 Unsatisfactory safety performance may subject us to penalties, negatively impact customer relationships, result in higher operating costs, and negatively impact employee morale and turnover. 
 We place great emphasis on workplace safety in our entire organization through various safety initiatives and training. We have both indoor and outdoor manufacturing and fabrication facilities that are susceptible to numerous industrial safety risks that can lead to personal injury, loss of life, damage to property and equipment, as well as potential environmental damage. While we take every precaution to avoid incidents, we have experienced accidents in the past and may again in the future, which can negatively affect our safety record. A poor safety record can harm our reputation with existing and potential customers, jeopardize our relationship with employees, increase our insurance and operating costs and could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 Catastrophic events, including natural disasters, health epidemics, acts of war and terrorism, among others, could disrupt our business. 
 The occurrence of catastrophic events, ranging from natural disasters and extreme weather conditions to health epidemics, to acts of war and terrorism, among others, could increase operating costs and/or disrupt or delay our ability to operate our business and complete projects for our customers and could potentially expose us to third-party liability claims or delay damages under our contracts. A significant portion of our operations are located near the Texas Gulf Coast; as a result, our operations have been and are subject to the potential impacts of weather-related events, including but not limited to hurricanes and flooding. Future weather events could cause significant damage to our property and equipment or customer projects and adversely impact our operations. We may declare the existence of a force majeure event under our contracts in certain situations; however, a customer may dispute our force majeure claim, which may result in additional liabilities. Losses or delays arising from such events may or may not be fully covered by our various insurance policies or may be subject to deductibles or exceed coverage limits. In addition, such events could result in temporary or long-term delays of existing projects as well as cancellations of orders for raw materials from our suppliers that could impact our project execution. These situations or other disruptions are outside of our control and may adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 
 9 

Risk Factors Related to our Financial Condition and Markets 
 Global economic uncertainty and financial market conditions may impact our customer base, suppliers and backlog. 
 Various factors drive demand for our products and services, including the price and demand for oil and gas, capital expenditures, economic forecasts, global political environments (including war and terrorism) and the cost of capital. Unanticipated increases in raw material and component requirements or prices, the imposition of tariffs, and changes in supplier availability or supplier consolidation could increase production costs and adversely affect profitability. Uncertainty regarding these factors could impact our customers and severely impact the demand for projects and orders for our products and services. Additionally, the loss of significant volume from one particular customer at one of our facilities could adversely impact the operating results of that facility. If one or more of our suppliers or subcontractors experiences difficulties that result in a reduction, delay or interruption in supply to us, or they fail to meet our manufacturing requirements, our business could be adversely impacted, and we may incur delay damages until we are able to secure alternative sources. Furthermore, our ability to maintain or expand our business would be limited in the future if we are unable to maintain or increase our bonding capacity or our bank credit facility on favorable terms or at all. Similarly, disruptions in the capital markets or increased interest rates may also adversely impact our customer's ability to finance projects, which could result in contract cancellations or delays. These disruptions could lead to reduced demand for our products and services and cancellation of existing projects, and could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our backlog is subject to unexpected adjustments, cancellations and scope reductions and, therefore, may not be a reliable indicator of our future earnings. 
 We have a backlog of uncompleted contracts. Backlog represents management's best estimate of the remaining performance obligation from work to be performed on our firm orders under uncompleted contracts and customer purchase orders, including approved change orders as well as new contractual agreements on which work has not begun. From time to time, projects are cancelled, delayed or modified due to customer, industry or macroeconomic conditions. While we may be reimbursed for certain costs, we may not have a contractual right to the total revenue reflected in our backlog. The ultimate realization of the future revenue in our backlog is based upon our ability to complete the projects, and we cannot control all of the various factors that might impact the timely delivery of our projects to our customers. We may be unable to recover certain costs and an anticipated margin, and cancelled or suspended projects may also result in additional unrecoverable costs due to the underutilization of our assets and personnel. Accordingly, the amounts recorded in backlog may not be a reliable indicator of our future operating results and may not be indicative of continuing revenue performance over future fiscal years or quarters. 
 Revenues recognized over time from our fixed-price contracts could result in volatility in our results of operations. 
 As discussed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Estimates and in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report, the majority of our revenues are recognized over time. Revenues are recognized as work is performed and costs are incurred. The revenue earned to date is calculated by multiplying the total contract price by the percentage of performance to date, which is based on total costs incurred to date compared to the total estimated costs at completion. The determination of the revenue recognized requires the use of estimates of costs to be incurred for the performance of the contract. The timing of the costs incurred may lead to fluctuations in revenue recognized on a quarterly and annual basis. The cost estimation process is based upon the professional knowledge and experience of our management teams, engineers, project managers and financial professionals. We bear the risk of cost overruns and delays in most of our contracts, which may result in reduced profits. Contract losses are recognized in full when determined, and estimates of revenue and cost to complete are adjusted based on ongoing reviews of estimated contract performance. Previously recorded estimates of revenues and costs are adjusted as the project progresses and circumstances change. In certain circumstances, it is possible that such adjustments to estimated costs and revenues could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 Many of our contracts contain performance obligations that may subject us to penalties or additional liabilities. 
 Many of our customer contracts have schedule and performance obligation clauses that, if we fail to meet, could subject us to penalty provisions, liquidated damages or claims against us, or our outstanding letters of credit or performance bonds. In addition, some customer contracts stipulate protection against our gross negligence or willful misconduct. Each individual contract seeks to define the conditions under which the customer may make a claim against us. Due to the growth in our backlog, our manufacturing and fabrication capacity as well as ability to recruit and retain qualified labor is challenged resulting in an increased risk of meeting delivery dates and other contract performance obligations. It is possible that adjustments arising from such claims, or our failure to manage our contract risk, may not be covered by insurance and could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 10 

Fluctuations in the price and supply of materials used to manufacture our products may reduce our profits and could adversely impact our ability to meet commitments to our customers. 
 Our material costs represented 49 of our consolidated revenues for Fiscal 2023. Unanticipated shortages in raw material and components, rising prices due to overall inflationary pressure, the imposition of tariffs, changes in supplier availability, delays in production or transportation, or supplier consolidation could increase production costs or lead times and adversely affect profitability as fixed-price contracts may prohibit our ability to charge the customer for the increase in raw material prices. We purchase a wide variety of materials and component parts from various suppliers around the world to manufacture our products, including steel, aluminum, copper and various components. Our supply base for certain key components and raw materials is limited and may come from a single supplier. If we are unable to obtain key components and raw materials from these suppliers, the key components and raw materials may not be readily available from other suppliers or available with acceptable terms and price levels. Our success depends on our ability to meet customer commitments and could be negatively impacted if a supplier experiences a disruption or discontinuance in their operations, or we experience a delay in transportation of materials and components from our suppliers. The time and effort associated with the selection and qualification of a new supplier and changes in our design and testing to accommodate similar components from other suppliers could be significant. Additionally, we rely on certain competitors for key materials used in our products. This could result in damages and negatively impact our ability to manufacture our products if the relationships change or become unfavorable and could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 We typically mitigate our inventory risks by increasing the levels of inventory for certain key components and raw materials and entering into commodity hedges when appropriate. Such increased inventory levels may not be adequate to meet future demand and may increase the potential for excess and obsolete inventories, which could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 
 Obtaining surety bonds, letters of credit, bank guarantees, or other financial assurances may be necessary for us to successfully bid on and obtain certain contracts. 
 We are often required to provide our customers security for the performance of their projects in the form of surety bonds, letters of credit or other financial assurances. Our continued ability to obtain surety bonds, letters of credit or other financial assurances will depend on our capitalization, working capital and financial performance. Our ability to issue letters of credit is dependent upon the availability of adequate credit issued by our banks and could be negatively impacted by our compliance with our financial covenants. Future compliance with such financial covenants may be affected by factors beyond our control, including general or industry-specific economic downturns. We are also dependent on the overall bonding capacity, pricing and terms available in the surety markets. As such, we cannot guarantee our ability to maintain a sufficient level of bonding capacity in the future. The restriction, reduction or termination of our surety bond agreements could limit our ability to bid on new opportunities and would require us to issue letters of credit under our bank facilities in lieu of surety bonds, thereby reducing availability under our credit facility, which could have an adverse impact on our liquidity, business and results of operations. 
 Failure to remain in compliance with covenants or obtain waivers or amendments under our credit agreement could adversely impact our business. 
 Our credit agreement contains various financial covenants and restrictions, which are described in Note G of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Our ability to remain in compliance with such financial covenants and restrictions may be affected by factors beyond our control, including general or industry-specific economic downturns. If we fail to remain in compliance with such covenants and restrictions, absent an amendment or waiver, this could result in an event of default under the credit agreement. Among other things, the occurrence of an event of default could limit our ability to pay dividends, issue letters of credit, or obtain additional financing or result in acceleration of outstanding amounts under the credit agreement or a termination of the agreement, any of which could have an adverse impact on our liquidity, business and results of operations. 
 We extend credit to customers in conjunction with our performance under fixed-price contracts which subjects us to potential credit risks. 
 We typically agree to allow our customers to defer payment on projects until certain performance milestones have been met or until the projects are substantially completed, and customers often withhold some portion of amounts due to us as retainage. Our payment arrangements subject us to potential credit risk related to changes in business, financial markets and economic factors affecting our customers, including material changes in our customers' revenues or cash flows. If we are unable to collect amounts owed to us, or retain amounts paid to us, our cash flows would be adversely impacted, and we could experience losses if those amounts exceed current allowances. Any of these factors could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 11 

A significant portion of our revenues may be concentrated among a small number of customers. 
 Due to the nature and timing of large projects, a significant percentage of our revenues in a given period may result from one specific contract, customer or industry. We believe the reduction in business volume from a particular industry or the loss of a major customer could have an adverse effect on our business. From time to time, one of our manufacturing facilities may have significant volume from one particular customer or industry that would be material to that facility. If during that time the customer were to experience financial distress, a decline in business or circumstances that would otherwise necessitate a cancellation of a project with us, our revenue and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 
 We carry insurance against many potential liabilities, but our management of risk may leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks. 
 Although we maintain insurance policies with respect to our estimated exposures, including certain casualty, property, professional, employee liability, business interruption, cybersecurity and self-insured medical programs, these policies contain deductibles, self-insured retentions and limits of coverage. In addition, we may not be able to continue to obtain insurance at commercially reasonable rates, or at the policy limits we may require or may be faced with liabilities not covered by insurance, such as, but not limited to, cybersecurity, environmental contamination, acts of war or terrorist attacks. We estimate our liabilities for known claims and unpaid claims and expenses based on information available as well as projections for claims incurred but not reported. However, insurance liabilities, some of which are self-insured, are difficult to estimate due to various factors. If any of our insurance policies, coverage limits or programs are not effective in mitigating our risks, we may incur losses that are not covered by our insurance policies, that are subject to deductibles or that exceed our estimated accruals or our insurance policy limits, which could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 Our international operations expose us to risks that are different from, or possibly greater than, the risks we are exposed to domestically and may adversely affect our operations. 
 Revenues associated with projects located outside of the U.S., including revenues generated from our operations in the U.K. and Canada, accounted for approximately 20 of our consolidated revenues in Fiscal 2023. While our manufacturing facilities are located in developed countries with historically stable operating and fiscal environments, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected by a number of factors, including political and economic instability; social unrest, acts of terrorism, force majeure, war or other armed conflict; inflation; changes in tax laws; the application of foreign labor regulations; currency fluctuations, devaluations and conversion restrictions and/or governmental activities that limit or disrupt markets, restrict payments or limit the movement of funds and trade restrictions or economic embargoes imposed by the U.S. or other countries. Additionally, compliance with foreign and domestic import and export regulations and anti-corruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, General Data Protection Regulation, or similar laws of other jurisdictions outside the U.S., could adversely impact our ability to compete for contracts in such jurisdictions. Moreover, the violation of such laws or regulations, by us or our representatives, could result in severe penalties including monetary fines, criminal proceedings and suspension of export privileges. 
 Additionally, fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates may impact our financial results. The functional currency of our foreign operations is typically the currency of the country in which the foreign operation is located. Accordingly, our financial performance is subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar, and such fluctuations could adversely impact our financial position and results of operations. 
 Failures or weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting could adversely affect our ability to report on our financial condition and results of operations accurately and/or on a timely basis. 
 We are required to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which requires, among other things, an assessment by our management of our internal control over financial reporting. Preparing our financial statements involves a number of complex processes, many of which are performed manually and dependent upon individual data input or review. We are continually working to maintain and strengthen our internal controls over operational and financial reporting, however, any system of controls has limitations, including the possibility of human error, availability of qualified personnel, circumvention or overriding of controls and/or fraud. Our failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could adversely affect our ability to report our financial results on a timely and accurate basis, which could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports or a decline in our stock price, or have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 
 12 

Risk Factors Related to our Common Stock 
 Our stock price could decline or fluctuate significantly due to unforeseen circumstances that may be outside of our control. These fluctuations may cause our stockholders to incur losses. 
 Our stock price could fluctuate or decline due to a variety of factors including, but not limited to, the risk factors described herein, declines in the overall financial and economic outlook, timing and cancellation of projects, declines in new orders or backlog, changes in our estimated costs to complete projects, investors' opinions of the sectors and markets in which we operate or failure of our operating results to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors, which could reduce investor confidence. These factors could adversely affect our business, and the trading price of our common stock could decline significantly. 
 
 There can be no assurance that we will declare or pay future dividends on our common stock. 
 Our Board of Directors has approved a regular quarterly dividend since our fiscal year ended September 30, 2014. The declaration, amount and timing of future dividends are subject to capital availability and determinations by our Board of Directors that cash dividends are in the best interest of our stockholders and in compliance with all respective laws and applicable agreements. Our ability to declare, increase or pay dividends will depend upon, among other factors, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, current and anticipated expansion plans, requirements under Delaware law and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. A reduction in or elimination of our dividend payments could have a material negative effect on our stock price. 
 Risk Factors Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters 
 Our operations could be adversely impacted by the effects of government regulations. 
 We are subject to various government regulations in the U.S. as well as various international locations where we operate. These regulations cover several areas including environmental, social and governance (ESG) compliance, import and export controls, economic sanctions, data and privacy protection, transfer pricing rules, anti-bribery, anti-trafficking and anti-trust provisions. These laws and regulations are administered by various state, federal and international agencies. Changes in policy, laws or regulations, including those affecting oil and gas exploration and development activities or climate change matters and the resulting decisions by customers and other industry participants, could reduce demand for our products and services, which would have a negative impact on our operations. Increased regulations and reporting requirements around the world may adversely affect the operators in the markets we serve. Further, we cannot predict future changes in any country in which we operate or do business and how those changes may affect our ability to perform projects in those regions. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act requires disclosure of use of "conflict" minerals mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries and our efforts to prevent the use of such minerals. In our industry, conflict minerals are most commonly found in metals. As there may be only a limited number of suppliers offering "conflict-free" metals, we cannot be sure that we will be able to obtain necessary metals in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices. Also, we may face challenges with our customers and suppliers if we are unable to sufficiently verify that the metals used in our products are "conflict-free." 
 
 Provisions of our charter documents or Delaware law could delay or prevent an acquisition of our company, even if the acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders, and could make it more difficult to change management. 
 Because we are governed by Delaware law, we are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. These provisions prohibit a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder, generally, a person who, together with its affiliates, owns, or within the last three years has owned, 15 of our voting stock, for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. 
 In addition, provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control that stockholders might otherwise consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempt by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult to replace or remove our Board of Directors. 
 13 

Significant developments arising from tariffs and other economic proposals could adversely impact our business. 
 Additional restrictions or economic disincentives on U.S. or international trade such as significant increases in tariffs on goods could adversely impact our business. Changes in U.S. or international social, political, regulatory and economic conditions or in laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development and investment in the territories and countries where we currently develop and sell our products, and any negative sentiment towards the U.S. as a result of such changes, could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 A failure in our business systems or cybersecurity attacks on any of our facilities, or those of third parties, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and reputation. 
 We rely on information technology systems, networks and infrastructure in managing our day-to-day operations. In the event of systems failure or interruption, including those related to force majeure, telecommunications failures, criminal acts, including hardware/software break-ins, extortion attempts, viruses, or other cybersecurity incidents, we may have limited ability to affect the timing and success of systems restoration, and any resulting interruption in our ability to manage or operate our business could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and reputation. 
 Increased global information technology cybersecurity threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks, and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data and communications. While we attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number of measures, including employee education, comprehensive monitoring of our networks and systems, and maintenance of backup and protective systems, our systems, networks and products remain potentially vulnerable to advanced persistent threats. Depending on their nature and scope, such threats could potentially lead to the compromise of confidential information and communications, improper use of our systems and networks, manipulation and destruction of data, defective products, production downtimes and operational disruptions, which in turn could adversely affect our reputation, competitiveness and results of operations. 
 We are continuously working to improve our information technology systems, together with creating security boundaries around our critical and sensitive assets. We provide security awareness education to our employees and contractors that focuses on various aspects of the cybersecurity world. All of these steps are taken in order to mitigate the risk of attack and to ensure our readiness to responsibly handle any security violation or attack. If an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures and our products could be harmed. We could lose potential projects and existing customers, our ability to operate our business could be impaired, we may incur significant liabilities, we could suffer harm to our reputation and competitive position, and our operating results could be negatively impacted. 
 We utilize the National Institute of Standards and Technology Framework for Improving Critical Infrastructure Cybersecurity (NIST Framework), a toolkit for organizations to manage cybersecurity risk in its assessment of cybersecurity capabilities and in developing cybersecurity priorities. In addition to internal assessments, our cybersecurity strategy and capabilities are evaluated and audited against the NIST Framework and industry best practices by independent, third-party, leading specialists in cybersecurity. 
 We strive to create a culture of cybersecurity resilience and awareness. This tone is set from the top and continuously reinforced with our employees and contractors through regular education and testing. We continue to mature our programs and invest in the security of our systems, operations, people, infrastructure, and cloud environments. 
 The Board of Directors is briefed on our strategy and roadmap in alignment with NIST Cybersecurity Framework. The Board receives quarterly updates on program maturity, cybersecurity risks, threat landscape and overall program progress. While cybersecurity resilience is the responsibility of every employee and contractor, the cybersecurity program is led by the Chief Information Officer. The Information Technology Cybersecurity team meets regularly and reviews trending risks and remediation efforts. When necessary, we assign resources to mitigate and elevate risks to the enterprise level as part of our Enterprise Risk Management program. Any significant disruption or failure of our business systems and/or cybersecurity infrastructure could damage our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 14 

Changes in and compliance with ESG initiatives could adversely impact our business. 
 We strive to achieve ESG initiatives while maintaining the rights and interests of our employees and shareholders. There has been an increased focus on ESG matters by consumers, investors, as well as by governmental and non-governmental organizations. To the extent that our ESG initiatives are deemed to be insufficient by stakeholders, this could adversely impact our business, results of operations, stock price or competitive position. 
 Private lawsuits or enforcement actions by federal, state, provincial or foreign regulatory agencies may materially increase our costs. Certain environmental laws may make us potentially liable for the remediation of contamination at or emanating from our properties or facilities. Although we seek to obtain indemnities against liabilities relating to historical contamination at the facilities we own or operate, we cannot provide any assurance that we will not incur liabilities relating to the remediation of potential contamination, including contamination we did not cause. These potential environmental liabilities may or may not be fully covered by our various insurance policies and may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Climate change regulations could require us or our customers to incur additional expenditures to either purchase new, or modify existing equipment or processes. These laws and regulations may also increase the cost of raw materials from our suppliers. The potential for future ESG and climate risk reporting requirements may result in additional costs to monitor, track and report sustainability measures. Additionally, increased attention to climate change, conservation measures, energy transition and consumer demand for alternatives to hydrocarbons could reduce the demand for oil and gas applications and have an adverse impact on the demand for the products produced by our customers and therefore reduce demand for our products, which could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 Actual and potential claims, lawsuits and proceedings could ultimately reduce our profitability and liquidity and weaken our financial condition. 
 We could be named as a defendant in legal proceedings that claim damages in connection with the operation of our business. Most of the actions against us arise out of the normal course of our performing services or manufacturing equipment. From time to time, we may be a plaintiff in legal proceedings against customers in which we seek to recover payment of contractual amounts due to us, as well as claims for increased costs incurred by us. When appropriate, we establish estimated provisions against certain legal exposures, and we adjust such provisions from time to time according to ongoing developments related to each exposure, as well as any potential recovery from our insurance, if applicable. If, in the future, our assumptions and estimates related to such exposures prove to be inadequate or wrong, or our insurance coverage is insufficient, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, claims, lawsuits and proceedings may harm our reputation or divert management resources away from operating our business. Losses arising from such events may or may not be fully covered by our various insurance policies or may be subject to deductibles or exceed coverage limits. 
 Changes in tax laws and regulations may change our effective tax rate and could have a material effect on our financial results. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. A change in tax laws, deductions or credits, treaties or regulations, or their interpretation, in the countries in which we operate, could result in a higher tax rate on our pre-tax income, which could have a material impact on our net income. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities, and our tax estimates and tax positions could be materially affected by many factors including the final outcome of tax audits and related litigation, the introduction of new tax accounting standards, legislation, regulations and related interpretations, our global mix of earnings, the extent to which deferred tax assets are realized and changes in uncertain tax positions. A significant increase in our statutory tax rates or loss of our ability to claim Research and Development Tax Credits could have a material impact on our net income or loss and cash flow. 
 The departure of key personnel could disrupt our business. 
 We depend on the continued efforts of our executive officers, senior management and other key personnel. We cannot be certain that any individual will continue in such capacity for any particular period of time. The loss of key personnel, or the inability to hire, train and retain qualified employees, could negatively impact our ability to perform and manage our business. 
 
 15 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 We own our principal manufacturing and fabrication facilities and periodically lease smaller facilities throughout the U.S., Canada and the U.K. Our facilities are generally located in areas that are readily accessible to materials and labor pools and are maintained in good condition. These facilities are expected to meet our needs for the foreseeable future. 
 Our principal locations as of September 30, 2023, were as follows: 
 Location Description Acres Approximate Square Footage Houston, TX Corporate office and manufacturing facility 21.4 428,515 Houston, TX Office and manufacturing facility 53.4 290,554 Houston, TX Office, fabrication facility, bulkhead and yard 62.4 82,320 North Canton, OH Office and manufacturing facility 8.0 115,200 Northlake, IL Office and manufacturing facility 10.0 103,500 Bradford, U.K. Office and manufacturing facility 7.9 129,200 Acheson, Alberta, Canada Office and manufacturing facility 20.1 330,168 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are involved in various legal proceedings, claims and other disputes arising from our commercial operations, projects, employees and other matters which, in general, are subject to uncertainties and in which the outcomes are not predictable. Although we can give no assurances about the resolution of pending claims, litigation or other disputes and the effect such outcomes may have on us, management believes that any ultimate liability resulting from the outcome of such proceedings, to the extent not otherwise provided or covered by insurance, will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations or liquidity. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 16 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Market (NASDAQ) under the symbol POWL. 
 Holders 
 As of December 4, 2023, there were 240 stockholders of record of our common stock. All common stock held in street names is recorded in the Company s stock register as being held by one stockholder. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 See Part III, Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters of this Annual Report for information regarding securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans. 
 Dividend Policy 
 The Board anticipates declaring cash dividends in future quarters; however, there is no assurance as to future dividends or their amounts because they depend on future earnings, capital requirements, financial condition and debt covenants. 
 17 

Performance Graph 
 The following Performance Graph and related information shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 
 In our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, the performance graph included a peer index (the "previous Industrial Electrical Equipment Group") composed of Altra Industrial Motion Corp.; Ameresco, Inc.; AZZ Inc.; Belden Inc.; Daktronics Inc.; EnerSys; Franklin Electric Co, Inc.; Gibraltar Industries, Inc.; LittelFuse Inc.; LSI Industries Inc.; Matthews International Corporation; Preformed Line Products Company; A.O. Smith Corporation; Thermon Group Holdings Inc. and Woodward, Inc. As a continuing effort to align our peer group with our industry, market capitalization, location and other factors, we have replaced Altra Industrial Motion Corp. with CECO Environmental. Accordingly, the new Industrial Electrical Equipment Group is composed of Ameresco, Inc.; A.O. Smith Corporation; AZZ Inc.; Belden Inc.; CECO Environmental; Daktronics Inc.; EnerSys; Franklin Electric Co, Inc.; Gibraltar Industries, Inc.; LittelFuse Inc.; LSI Industries Inc.; Matthews International Corporation; Preformed Line Products Company; Thermon Group Holdings Inc. and Woodward, Inc. 
 The following graph compares, for the period from October 1, 2018 to September 30, 2023, the cumulative stockholder return on our common stock with the cumulative total return on the IShares Russell 2000, the Invesco S P SmallCap 600 Energy, the new Industrial Electrical Equipment Group and the previous Industrial Electrical Equipment Group. The comparison assumes that 100 was invested on October 1, 2018, in our common stock, the IShares Russell 2000, the Invesco S P SmallCap 600 Energy, the new Industrial Electrical Equipment Group and the previous Industrial Electrical Equipment Group, and that all dividends were re-invested. The stock price performance reflected on the following graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 

18 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations for the twelve months ended September 30, 2023 compared to the twelve months ended September 30, 2022 should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes. We have elected to omit discussion on the earliest of the three years covered by the consolidated financial statements presented. Refer to Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations located in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, filed on December 6, 2022, for discussion of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, the earliest of the three fiscal years presented. Any forward-looking statements made by or on our behalf are made pursuant to the safe-harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Readers are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and the actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. For a description of the risks and uncertainties, please see Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements; Risk Factors and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Overview 
 We develop, design, manufacture and service custom-engineered equipment and systems that (1) distribute, control and monitor the flow of electrical energy and (2) provide protection to motors, transformers and other electrically powered equipment. We are headquartered in Houston, Texas and serve the oil and gas and petrochemical markets, which include onshore and offshore production, LNG facilities and terminals, pipelines, refineries and petrochemical plants. Additional markets include electric utility, light rail traction power as well as mining and metals, pulp and paper, data centers and other municipal, commercial and industrial markets. Revenues and costs are primarily related to custom engineered-to-order equipment and systems and are accounted for under percentage-of-completion accounting, which precludes us from providing detailed price and volume information. Our backlog includes various projects that typically take a number of months to produce. 
 The markets in which we participate are capital-intensive and cyclical in nature. Cyclicality is predominantly driven by customer demand, global economic and geopolitical conditions and anticipated environmental, safety or regulatory changes that affect the manner in which our customers proceed with capital investments. Our customers analyze various factors, including the demand and price for oil, gas and electrical energy, the overall economic and financial environment, governmental budgets, regulatory actions and environmental concerns. These factors influence the release of new capital projects by our customers, which are traditionally awarded in competitive bid situations. Scheduling of projects is matched to customer requirements, and projects typically take a number of months to produce. Schedules may change during the course of any particular project, and our operating results can, therefore, be impacted by factors outside of our control. 
 Within the industrial sector, specifically oil, gas and petrochemical, the demand for our electrical distribution solutions is very cyclical and closely correlated to the level of capital expenditures of our end-user customers as well as prevailing global economic conditions. The North American market is responding to increased international demand for LNG and gas-to-chemical processes utilizing low-cost gas feedstocks. As a result, the business has been awarded a number of large LNG and petrochemical contracts that have had a positive impact on our backlog. 
 One element of our strategic focus is to strengthen our project portfolio beyond our core oil, gas and petrochemical end market sectors. Diversification efforts outside of our core oil, gas and petrochemical end markets have resulted in an increase in backlog across the utility and commercial and other industrial sectors. Over the past year, these efforts have contributed to a strong backlog of projects coming into Fiscal 2023 and near record levels going into Fiscal 2024. 
 Various factors resulting in global economic uncertainty negatively impacted our results over the previous two years. Uncertainty and demand disruptions resulted in considerable volatility across commodity markets. We experienced supply chain disruptions driven predominantly by availability and cost volatility across our raw materials, components and labor force. All of these factors contributed to the lower margins realized in Fiscal 2022 relative to prior oil and gas cycles. Commodity prices have stabilized in Fiscal 2023; however, we continue to experience supply chain delays for specific engineered components and continue to work with our suppliers in order to meet our customer commitments. Additionally, we have adjusted our product pricing, delivery schedules and bid validity dates with our customers in response to the increased cost environment and supply chain delays, and as a result our gross margins have been improved in Fiscal 2023. 
 
 19 

Results of Operations 
 Twelve Months Ended September 30, 2023 Compared to Twelve Months Ended September 30, 2022 
 Revenue and Gross Profit 
 Revenues increased by 31 , or 166.7 million, to 699.3 million in Fiscal 2023, primarily driven by the increase in project backlog resulting from a recovery of our core oil, gas and petrochemical markets. Domestic revenues increased by 38 , or 153.0 million, to 557.9 million in Fiscal 2023. International revenues increased by 11 , or 13.8 million, to 141.4 million. Our international revenues include both revenues generated from our international facilities as well as revenues from export projects generated at our domestic facilities. 
 Revenue from our core oil and gas markets (excluding petrochemical) increased by 27 , or 57.9 million, to 273.1 million in Fiscal 2023, and petrochemical revenue increased by 42 , or 27.6 million, to 94.2 million in Fiscal 2023. Revenue from our utility end markets increased by 29 , or 36.0 million, to 158.4 million in Fiscal 2023. Commercial and other industrial market revenue increased by 84 , or 47.5 million, to 104.0 million driven by an increase in traditionally non-core markets such as data centers, university projects and other miscellaneous applications. Revenue from all other markets combined increased by 14.5 million to 41.5 million in Fiscal 2023. These increases in revenue were driven by improved market conditions and our strategic effort to diversify our business. Revenue from our traction market decreased by 37 , or 16.8 million, to 28.1 million in Fiscal 2023. 
 Gross profit increased by 74 , or 62.5 million, to 147.6 million in Fiscal 2023. Gross profit as a percentage of revenues increased to 21 in Fiscal 2023 as compared to 16 in the prior year. This increase in gross profit was favorably impacted by the higher volume levels across the manufacturing facilities driving key factory efficiencies, strong project execution as well as, effectively managing product pricing that corresponds to current cost levels. Additionally, project cancellations contributed 4.3 million to gross profit in Fiscal 2023. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 11 , or 8.0 million, to 78.8 million in Fiscal 2023, primarily due to increased variable performance-based compensation. Selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of revenues, decreased to 11 in Fiscal 2023, compared to 13 in Fiscal 2022, based upon leveraging our cost structure on the increase in revenues. 
 Other Income 
 During Fiscal 2022 we recorded other income of 2.3 million related to a gain on the sale of a small, non-core, industrial valve repair and servicing business within our Canadian operations as well as the sale of an excess parcel of land in the U.S. We did not record other income in Fiscal 2023. 
 Income Tax Provision (Benefit) 
 We recorded an income tax provision of 14.4 million in Fiscal 2023, resulting in an effective tax rate of 21 , compared to an income tax benefit of 3.9 million in Fiscal 2022 at an effective tax rate of negative 40 . In Fiscal 2023, the effective tax rate approximated the U.S. federal statutory rate. The favorable impacts of the estimated Research and Development Tax Credit (R D Tax Credit) and the release of the valuation allowance previously recorded against the U.K. net deferred tax assets in the amount of 1.9 million were offset by state income tax expense, certain non-deductible items and the tax impact of U.S. global intangible income. 
 In Fiscal 2022, the tax benefit primarily resulted from the release of the valuation allowance previously recorded against the Canadian net deferred tax assets in the amount of 5.9 million and the estimated R D Tax Credit. The tax benefit was partially offset by certain non-deductible items, the tax expense related to the gain on the disposition of a small, non-core division of our Canadian operations and the tax impact of U.S. global intangible income. 
 Net Income 
 In Fiscal 2023, we recorded net income of 54.5 million, or 4.50 per diluted share, compared to net income of 13.7 million, or 1.15 per diluted share in Fiscal 2022. This increase in net income is primarily due to the increase in bookings which led to an increase in revenues coupled with increased project margins. 
 20 

Backlog 
 The order backlog at September 30, 2023 was 1.3 billion, a 118 increase from 592.2 million at September 30, 2022. This increase in backlog is driven primarily from our oil and gas markets, including LNG, petrochemical, utility and commercial and other industrial markets. Bookings, net of cancellations and scope reductions, increased by 94 in Fiscal 2023 to 1.4 billion, compared to 718.6 million in Fiscal 2022, primarily driven by continued strength from our core oil, gas and petrochemical markets, including several large LNG and petrochemical projects. 

Outlook 
 Recently we have seen a cyclical recovery across our core oil, gas and petrochemical markets combined with increased global demand for cleaner-burning fuels as well as related processes utilizing lower cost gas feedstocks. Our order activity in most of our core markets has been strong and includes multiple large LNG and petrochemical projects. This elevated project activity has increased our backlog to approximately 1.3 billion. Diversification efforts outside of our core oil, gas and petrochemical end markets have also been a positive catalyst, helping to drive the increase in backlog. This strong backlog of projects, which incorporates pricing and productivity initiatives in response to persistent inflationary pressures, should continue to support an increasing level of revenue into Fiscal 2024. Approximately 648 million of the backlog is expected to be recognized as revenue within the next twelve months. We do not anticipate our backlog will continue to grow at the same pace as we have recognized in the last twelve months, which included several large LNG and petrochemical projects booked throughout Fiscal 2023. 
 Our operating results are impacted by several factors such as the timing of new order awards, project backlog, changes in project cost estimates, customer approval of final engineering specifications and delays in customer construction schedules, all of which contribute to short-term earnings variability and the timing of project execution. Our operating results also have been, and may continue to be, impacted by the timing and resolution of change orders and the resolution of potential contract claims and liquidated damages, all of which could improve or deteriorate gross margins during the period in which these items are resolved with our customers. Disruptions in the global supply chain have, in the past, negatively impacted our business and operating results due to the limited availability resulting in uncertainty in the timing of the receipt of key component parts and commodities. We continue to remain focused on the variables that impact our markets as well as cost management, labor availability and supply chain challenges. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2023, current assets exceeded current liabilities by 1.6 times. 
 Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments increased to 279.0 million at September 30, 2023, compared to 116.5 million at September 30, 2022. The increase in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments was primarily driven by the increased project volume and favorable timing of contract billing milestones on some of our large projects. We typically allocate a significant percentage of the progress billing to the early stages of the contract. These favorable billing milestones along with our increase in project backlog are the primary drivers for the increase at September 30, 2023. We believe that our strong working capital position, available borrowings under our credit facility and available cash and cash equivalents should be sufficient to support our future operating activities, capital improvements and research and development initiatives for the foreseeable future. 
 On March 31, 2023, we entered into a second amendment (the Second Amendment) to our credit agreement with Bank of America, N.A. (as amended, the U.S. Revolver). The Second Amendment increased the revolving credit facility, which is available for both borrowings and letters of credit from 75.0 million to 125.0 million. As amended by the Second Amendment, the U.S. Revolver states the lesser of 50 million or 50 of available cash may be deducted from the amount of letters of credit outstanding (not to be less than zero) when calculating the consolidated funded indebtedness, which is a component of the consolidated net leverage ratio. We have the option to cash collateralize all or a portion of the letters of credit outstanding, which would favorably impact the consolidated funded indebtedness calculation and the consolidated net leverage ratio. 
 As of September 30, 2023, there were no amounts borrowed under the U.S. Revolver, and letters of credit outstanding were 89.1 million. There was 35.9 million available for the issuance of letters of credit and borrowings under the U.S. Revolver as of September 30, 2023. We are required to maintain certain financial covenants, the most significant of which are a 
 21 

consolidated net leverage ratio of less than 3.0 to 1.0 and a consolidated interest coverage ratio of greater than 3.0 to 1.0. Our most restrictive covenant, the consolidated net leverage ratio, is the ratio of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and stock-based compensation (EBITDAS) to funded indebtedness, which includes letters of credit. An increase in indebtedness or a decrease in EBITDAS could restrict our ability to issue letters of credit or borrow under the U.S. Revolver. For further information regarding our debt, see Notes G and H of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 On October 4, 2023, we entered into a third amendment to the U.S. Revolver (the Third Amendment) with Bank of America, N.A., and Texas Capital Bank has agreed to join as an additional lender under the U.S. Revolver. The Third Amendment increased the amount of the revolving line of credit from 125.0 million to 150.0 million and extended the expiry date to October 4, 2028. For further information regarding the Third Amendment, see Note G to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Approximately 57.4 million of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments at September 30, 2023 was held outside of the U.S. for our international operations. It is our intention to indefinitely reinvest all current and future foreign earnings internationally in order to ensure sufficient working capital to support our international operations. In the event that we elect to repatriate some or all of the foreign earnings that were previously deemed to be indefinitely reinvested outside the U.S., we may incur additional tax expense upon such repatriation under current tax laws. 
 Operating Activities 
 Operating activities provided net cash of 182.6 million during Fiscal 2023 and used net cash of 3.6 million during Fiscal 2022. Cash flow from operations is primarily influenced by the timing of milestone payments from our customers, project volume and the associated working capital requirements, as well as payment terms with our suppliers. This increase in operating cash flow was primarily due to the increase in project volume and the favorable timing of contract billing milestones, although partially offset by the increases in accounts receivable and inventory. Inventory has increased to support our increased backlog and stock levels to help mitigate global supply chain risks. 
 Investing Activities 
 Investing activities used 26.6 million of cash during Fiscal 2023 compared to 6.5 million of cash provided in Fiscal 2022. The increase in cash used in investing activities during Fiscal 2023 was primarily due to the timing of cash used to purchase short-term investments. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 13.1 million during Fiscal 2023 compared to 13.3 million during Fiscal 2022, which primarily consisted of approximately 12.4 million and 12.2 million of dividends paid in the respective years. 
 Other Commercial Commitments 
 We are contingently liable for letters of credit and bank guarantees totaling 96.7 million as of September 30, 2023, with the following potential cash outflows in the event that we are unable to perform under our contracts (in thousands): 
 Payments Due by Period: Letters of Credit/ Bank Guarantees Less than 1 year 48,459 1 to 3 years 33,711 More than 3 years 14,511 Total long-term commercial obligations 96,681 
 We also had surety bonds totaling 393.4 million that were outstanding at September 30, 2023. Surety bonds are primarily used to guarantee our contract performance to our customers. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We had no significant off-balance sheet arrangements during the periods presented. 
 22 

Effects of Inflation 
 We are subject to inflation, which can cause increases in our costs of labor, indirect expenses and raw materials, primarily copper, aluminum and steel. Fixed-price contracts can limit our ability to pass these increases to our customers, thus negatively impacting our earnings and operations in future quarters and years. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (U.S. GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities known to exist at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis, based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ from those estimates. 
 We believe the following accounting estimates to be critical in the preparation and reporting of our consolidated financial statements. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Our revenues are primarily generated from the manufacturing of custom-engineered products and systems under long-term fixed-price contracts under which we agree to manufacture various products such as traditional and arc-resistant distribution switchgear and control gear, medium-voltage circuit breakers, monitoring and control communications systems, motor control centers, switches and bus duct systems. These products may be sold separately as an engineered solution, but are typically integrated into custom-built enclosures which we also build. These enclosures are referred to as power control room substations (PCRs ), custom-engineered modules or electrical houses (E-Houses). Some contracts may also include the installation and commissioning of these enclosures. 
 Revenue from these contracts is generally recognized over time utilizing the cost-to-cost method. Under the cost-to-cost method, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation. We believe that this method is the most accurate representation of our performance because it directly measures the value of the services transferred to the customer over time as we incur costs on our contracts. Contract costs include all direct materials, labor and indirect costs related to contract performance, which may include indirect labor, supplies, tools, repairs and depreciation costs. 
 Performance Obligations 
 A performance obligation is a promise in a contract or with a customer to transfer a distinct good or service. A contract s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue as the performance obligations are satisfied. To determine the proper revenue recognition for contracts, we evaluate whether a contract should be accounted for as more than one performance obligation or, less commonly, whether two or more contracts should be combined and accounted for as one performance obligation. This evaluation of performance obligations requires significant judgment. The majority of our contracts have a single performance obligation where multiple engineered products and services are combined into a single custom-engineered solution. Our contracts include a standard one-year assurance warranty. Occasionally, we provide service-type warranties that will extend the warranty period. These extended warranties qualify as separate performance obligations, and revenue is deferred and recognized over the warranty period. If we determine during the evaluation of the contract that there are multiple performance obligations, we allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation using our best estimate of the standalone selling price of each distinct good or service in the contract. 
 Contract Estimates 
 Actual revenues and project costs may vary from previous estimates due to changes in a variety of factors. The cost estimation process is based on the professional knowledge and experience of our engineers, project managers and financial professionals. Factors that are considered in estimating the work to be completed and ultimate contract recovery include the availability and productivity of labor, the nature and complexity of the work to be performed, the availability of materials, and the effect of any delays on our project performance. We periodically review our job performance, job conditions, estimated profitability and final contract settlements, including our estimate of total costs and make revisions to costs and income in the period in which the revisions are probable and reasonably estimable. We bear the risk of cost overruns in most of our contracts, which may result in reduced profits. Whenever revisions of estimated contract costs and contract values indicate that the contract costs will exceed 
 23 

estimated revenues, thus creating a loss, a provision for the total estimated loss is recorded in that period. See Note E of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for disclosures related to changes in contract estimates. 
 Variable Consideration 
 It is common for our long-term contracts to contain variable consideration that can either increase or decrease the transaction price. Due to the nature of our contracts, estimating total cost and revenue can be complex and subject to variability due to change orders, back charges, spare parts, early completion bonuses, customer allowances and liquidated damages. We estimate the amount of variable consideration based on the expected value method, which is the sum of probability-weighted amounts, or the most likely amount method, which uses various factors including experience with similar transactions and assessment of our anticipated performance. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price if legally enforceable and to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur once the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. 
 Contract Modifications 
 Contracts may be modified for changes in contract specifications and requirements. We consider contract modifications to exist when the modification either creates new or changes the enforceable rights and obligations under the contract. Most of our contract modifications are for goods and services that are not distinct from the existing performance obligation. Contract modifications result in a cumulative catch-up adjustment to revenue based on our measure of progress for the performance obligation. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 We review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be realizable. If an evaluation is required, the estimated future undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset are compared to the asset s carrying amount to determine if recording an impairment of such asset is necessary. This requires us to make long-term forecasts of the future revenues and costs related to the assets subject to review. Forecasts require assumptions about demand for our products and future market conditions. Estimating future cash flows requires significant judgment, and our projections may vary from cash flows eventually realized. Future events and unanticipated changes to assumptions could require a provision for impairment in a future period. The effect of any impairment would be reflected in operating income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. In addition, we estimate the useful lives of our long-lived assets and other intangibles, and periodically review these estimates to determine whether these lives are appropriate. 
 Accruals for Contingent Liabilities 
 From time to time, contingencies such as insurance-related claims, liquidated damages and legal claims arise in the normal course of business. Pursuant to applicable accounting standards, we must evaluate such contingencies to subjectively determine the likelihood that an asset has been impaired, or a liability has been incurred at the date of the financial statements, as well as evaluate whether the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. If the likelihood is determined to be probable, and it can be reasonably estimated, the estimated loss is recorded. The amounts we record for contingent liabilities require judgments regarding the amount of expenses that will ultimately be incurred. We use past experience and history, as well as the specific circumstances surrounding each contingent liability, including estimated legal costs, in evaluating the amount of liability that should be recorded. Actual results could differ from our estimates. 
 Warranty Costs 
 Estimated costs of warranties are accrued based on historical warranty claim costs in relation to current revenues. In addition, specific provisions are made when product failures are projected outside historical experience. Our standard terms and conditions of sale include a warranty for parts and service for one year. Occasionally, we provide service-type warranties that will extend the warranty period. Actual results could differ from our estimate. 
 Projects may require, on occasion, warranty terms that are longer than our standard terms due to the nature of the project. Extended warranty terms may be negotiated and included in our contracts. The allocated revenue associated with the extended warranty is deferred and recorded as a contract liability and recognized as revenue over the extended warranty period. 
 24 

Accounting for Income Taxes 
 We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, based on the income tax laws and rates in the countries in which operations are conducted, and income is earned. This approach requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. Developing our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment and expertise in federal, international and state income tax laws, regulations and strategies, including the determination of deferred tax assets and liabilities and, if necessary, any valuation allowances that may be required for deferred tax assets. In assessing the extent to which net deferred tax assets may be realized, we consider whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the net deferred tax assets may not be realized. The ultimate realization of net deferred tax assets is dependent on the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Estimates may change as new events occur, estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are reduced or increased, additional information becomes available, or operating environments change, which may result in a full or partial reversal of the valuation allowance. We will continue to assess the adequacy of the valuation allowance on a quarterly basis. Our judgments and tax strategies are subject to audit by various taxing authorities. 
 The objectives of accounting for income taxes are to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in an entity s financial statements or tax returns. We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Accounting literature also provides guidance on derecognition of income tax assets and liabilities, classification of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities, accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions, and income tax disclosures. Judgment is required in assessing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. Variations in the actual outcome of these future tax consequences could materially impact our financial position and results of operations. 
 See Note I of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for disclosures related to the valuation allowance recorded in relation to deferred taxes. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are exposed to certain market risks arising from transactions we have entered into in the normal course of business. These risks primarily relate to fluctuations in market conditions, commodity prices, foreign currency transactions and interest rates. 
 Market Risk 
 We are exposed to general market risk and its potential impact on accounts receivable, costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts. The amounts recorded may be at risk if our customers ability to pay these obligations is negatively impacted by economic conditions. Our customers are typically in the oil and gas and petrochemical markets, which include onshore and offshore production, LNG facilities and terminals, pipelines, refineries and petrochemical plants. Additional markets include electric utility and light rail traction power as well as mining and metals, pulp and paper and other municipal, commercial and industrial markets. Occasionally, our customers may include an EPC firm which may increase our market risk exposure based on the business climate of the EPC firm. We maintain ongoing discussions with customers regarding contract status with respect to payment status, change orders and billing terms in an effort to monitor collections of amounts billed. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 We are subject to market risk from fluctuating market prices of certain raw materials used in our products. While such materials are typically available from numerous suppliers, commodity raw materials are subject to price fluctuations. We attempt to pass along such commodity price increases to our customers on a contract-by-contract basis to avoid a negative effect on our gross margin. During Fiscal 2022, we entered into a derivative contract to hedge a portion of our exposure to commodity price risk. This contract was immaterial for both Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2023, and ended in June 2023. In the future, we may enter into additional derivative contracts to further hedge our exposure to commodity price risk. We continue to experience price volatility with some of our key raw materials and components. Fixed-price contracts may limit our ability to pass cost increases to our customers, thus negatively impacting our earnings. Fluctuations in commodity prices may have a material impact on our future earnings and cash flows. 
 25 

Foreign Currency Transaction Risk 
 We have foreign operations that expose us to foreign currency exchange rate risk in the British Pound Sterling, the Canadian Dollar and to a lesser extent the Singapore Dollar and the Euro, among others. Amounts invested in our foreign operations are translated into U.S. Dollars at the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded as accumulated other comprehensive loss, a component of stockholders equity in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We believe the exposure to the effects that fluctuating foreign currencies have on our consolidated results of operations is limited because the foreign operations primarily invoice customers and collect payments in their respective local currencies or U.S. Dollars. Additionally, expenses associated with these transactions are generally contracted and paid for in the same local currencies. For Fiscal 2023, our realized foreign exchange loss was 0.4 million and is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Our accumulated other comprehensive loss, which is included as a component of stockholders equity, was 26.9 million as of September 30, 2023, a decrease of 2.1 million compared to September 30, 2022. This decrease in comprehensive loss was primarily a result of fluctuations in the currency exchange rates for the Canadian Dollar and British Pound Sterling as we re-measured the foreign operations of those divisions. 
 
 We do not typically hedge our exposure to potential foreign currency translation adjustments. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 If we borrow under our U.S. Revolver, we will be subject to market risk resulting from changes in interest rates related to our floating rate bank credit facility. If we were to make such borrowings, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in variable interest rates may result in a material impact on our financial statements. Because we did not have any outstanding borrowings under our U.S. Revolver as of both September 30, 2023 and 2022, we have not experienced any significant interest rate risk for each of the periods presented in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 26 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Page Financial Statements: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 28 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2023 and 2022 
 31 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 32 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 33 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 34 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 35 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 36 
 
 27 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Powell Industries, Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Powell Industries, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of shareholders' equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2023, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

28 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Revenue Recognition - Long-term fixed price contracts 
 
 As described in Notes B and E to the consolidated financial statements, approximately 94 of the Company s total revenue of 699.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2023 was generated from the manufacturing of custom-engineered products and systems under long-term fixed-price contracts. Revenue from these contracts is generally recognized over time utilizing the cost-to-cost method to measure the extent of progress toward the completion of the performance obligation and the recognition of revenue over time. Management believes that this method is the most accurate representation of performance, because it directly measures the value of the services transferred to the customer over time as costs are incurred on the contracts. Contract costs include all direct materials, labor, and indirect costs related to contract performance, which may include indirect labor, supplies, tools, repairs and depreciation costs. Under the cost-to-cost method, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation. Due to the nature of the contracts, estimating total cost and revenue can be complex and subject to variability due to change orders, back charges, spare parts, early completion bonuses, customer allowances and liquidated damages. Management estimates the amount of variable consideration based on the expected value method, which is the sum of the probability-weighted amount, or the most likely amount method which uses various factors including experience with similar transactions and assessment of anticipated performance. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognized over time utilizing the cost-to-cost method is a critical audit matter are the 
 29 

significant judgment by management when determining the estimated total cost and revenue, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and in evaluating management s judgment about assumptions related to the estimates of costs to complete and liquidated damages. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition process, including controls over the determination of total estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation and determination of total contract price. These procedures also included, among others, evaluating and testing management s process for determining the estimated total cost and revenue for a sample of contracts, which included (i) obtaining executed purchase orders and agreements, (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the method to measure estimated total cost and revenue, (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used by management, and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions related to the total estimated costs at completion and liquidated damages used by management and considering the factors that can affect the accuracy of those estimates. Evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions related to estimated total cost involved assessing management s ability to reasonably estimate total costs to complete and liquidated damages by testing management s process to evaluate the remaining direct materials, labor, and indirect costs related to the performance obligation and evaluating the timely identification of circumstances which may warrant a modification to the total estimated costs or liquidated damages. 

/s/ 
 
 December 6, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2004. 

30 

POWELL INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 September 30, 2023 2022 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, less allowance for credit losses of and 
 Contract assets Inventories Income taxes receivable Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total Current Assets Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease assets, net Goodwill and intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes Other assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current Liabilities: Accounts payable Contract liabilities Accrued compensation and benefits Accrued product warranty Current operating lease liabilities Income taxes payable Other current liabilities Total Current Liabilities Deferred compensation (Note J) Long-term operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note H) Stockholders' Equity: Preferred stock, par value ; shares authorized; ne issued 
 Common stock, par value ; shares authorized; and shares issued, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock, shares at cost 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Stockholders' Equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 31 

POWELL INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 Year Ended September 30, 2023 2022 2021 Revenues Cost of goods sold Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Research and development expenses Amortization of intangible assets Operating income Other income ) Interest income, net ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax provision (benefit) ) Net income Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Weighted average shares: Basic Diluted Dividends per share 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 32 

POWELL INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended September 30, 2023 2022 2021 Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Gain (loss) on cash flow commodity hedge ) Postretirement benefit adjustment, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 33 

POWELL INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Shares Amount Shares Amount Total Balance, September 30, 2020 ) ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments Stock-based compensation Shares withheld in lieu of employee tax withholding ) ) Dividends ) ) Postretirement benefit adjustment, net of tax of 
 ) ) Balance, September 30, 2021 ) ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares withheld in lieu of employee tax withholding ) ) Dividends ) ) Loss on cash flow commodity hedge ) ) Postretirement benefit adjustment, net of tax of 
 Balance, September 30, 2022 ) ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments Stock-based compensation Shares withheld in lieu of employee tax withholding ) ) Dividends ) ) Gain on cash flow commodity hedge Postretirement benefit adjustment, net of tax of 
 ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 34 

POWELL INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended September 30, 2023 2022 2021 Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Gain on sale of division ) Stock-based compensation Bad debt expense, net ) Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) ) ) Contract assets and liabilities, net ) Inventories ) ) ) Income taxes ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities ) Other, net ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) ) Investing Activities: Purchases of short-term investments ) ) ) Maturities of short-term investments Proceeds from sale of division Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment Proceeds from life insurance policy Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Financing Activities: Payments on industrial development revenue bonds ) ) Shares withheld in lieu of employee tax withholding ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 35 

POWELL INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

A. 

B. 
 36 

) ) Income taxes paid, net of refunds Non-cash capital expenditures 
 
 Retention amounts are in accordance with applicable provisions of contracts and become due upon completion of contractual requirements. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, we had retention amounts of million and million, respectively. Of the retained amount at September 30, 2023, million is expected to be collected in the next twelve months and is recorded in accounts receivable. The remaining million is recorded in other assets and is expected to be collected in the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025. 
 37 

to several years, depending on the contract. Revenue from these contracts is generally recognized over time utilizing the cost-to-cost method. Under the cost-to-cost method, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs at completion of the performance 
 38 

Such amounts were million, million and million in Fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 39 

C. 
 Denominator: Weighted average basic shares Dilutive effect of restricted stock units Weighted average diluted shares Earnings per share: Basic Diluted 

D. 
 Work-in-progress Provision for excess and obsolete inventories ) ) Total inventories 
 Property, Plant and Equipment 
 Buildings and improvements Years 
 Machinery and equipment Years 
 Furniture and fixtures Years 
 Construction in process Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property, plant and equipment, net 
 There were assets under finance lease as of September 30, 2023 or September 30, 2022. Depreciation expense was million, million and million for fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 40 

Increase to warranty expense Deduction for warranty charges ) ) Change due to foreign currency translation ) Balance at end of period 

E. 
 of revenues for each of the years ended September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022. 
 We also have sales orders for spare parts and replacement circuit breakers for switchgear that are obsolete or that are no longer produced by the original manufacturer. Revenues from these sales orders are recognized at the time we fulfill our performance obligation to the customer, which is typically upon shipment and represented approximately of revenues for each of the years ended September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022. 
 Additionally, some contracts may contain a cancellation clause that could limit the amount of revenue we are able to recognize over time. In these instances, revenue and costs associated with these contracts are deferred and recognized at a point in time when the performance obligation is fulfilled. 
 Selling and administrative costs incurred in relation to obtaining a contract are typically expensed as incurred. We periodically utilize a third-party sales agent to obtain a contract and will pay a commission to that agent. We record the full commission liability to the third-party sales agents at the order date, with a corresponding deferred asset. As the project progresses, we record commission expense based on percentage of completion rates that correlate to the project and reduce the deferred asset. Once we have been paid by the customer, we pay the commission, and the deferred liability is reduced. 
 41 

assurance warranty. Occasionally, we provide service-type warranties that will extend the warranty period. These extended warranties qualify as a separate performance obligation, and revenue is deferred and recognized over the warranty period. If we determine during the evaluation of the contract that there are multiple performance obligations, we allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation using our best estimate of the standalone selling price of each distinct good or service in the contract. 
 As of September 30, 2023, we had backlog of billion, of which approximately million is expected to be recognized as revenue within the next . Backlog may not be indicative of future operating results as orders may be cancelled or modified by our customers. Our backlog does not include service and maintenance-type contracts for which we have the right to invoice as services are performed. 
 For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, our operating results were positively impacted by million and million, respectively, as a result of changes in contract estimates related to projects in progress at the beginning of the respective period. These changes in estimates resulted primarily from favorable project execution, reduced cost estimates and negotiations of variable consideration, discussed below, as well as revenue recognized from project cancellations and other changes in facts and circumstances during these periods. Project cancellations on projects increased gross profit for the year ended September 30, 2023 by million. Gross unfavorable changes in contract estimates were immaterial for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 42 

Contract liabilities ) ) Net contract asset (liability) ) 
 Our net contract billing position improved to a net liability at September 30, 2023 from a net asset position at September 30, 2022 primarily due to favorable contract billing milestones. We typically allocate a significant percentage of the progress billing to the early stages of the contract. These favorable billing milestones along with our increase in project backlog are driving the increase in the net contract liability at September 30, 2023. To determine the amount of revenue recognized during the period from contract liabilities, we first allocate revenue to the individual contract liability balance outstanding at the beginning of the period until the revenue exceeds that balance. During the year ended September 30, 2023, we recognized revenue of approximately million related to contract liabilities outstanding at September 30, 2022. 
 The timing of our invoice process is typically dependent on the completion of certain milestones and contract terms and subject to agreement by our customer. Payment is typically expected within 30 days of invoice. Any uncollected invoiced amounts for our performance obligations recognized over time, including contract retentions, are recorded as accounts receivable in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Certain contracts allow customers to withhold a small percentage of billings pursuant to retainage provisions, and such amounts are generally due upon completion of the contract and acceptance of the project by the customer. Based on our experience in recent years, the majority of these retainage balances are expected to be collected within approximately twelve months. As of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, we had retention amounts of million and million, respectively. Of the retained amount at September 30, 2023, million is expected to be collected in the next twelve months and is recorded in accounts receivable. The remaining million is recorded in other assets. 
 Disaggregation of Revenue 
 Canada Middle East and Africa Asia/Pacific Europe Mexico, Central and South America Total revenues by geographic destination 
 43 

Petrochemical Electric utility Traction power Commercial and other industrial All others Total revenues by market sector 

F. 
 million, which is not being amortized. In Fiscal 2021, our purchased technology was fully amortized, and we no longer have any intangible assets subject to amortization. impairment expense has been recorded for the last three fiscal years. Amortization of intangible assets recorded for the year ended September 30, 2021 was million. 

G. 
 million to million. As amended by the Second Amendment, the U.S. Revolver states that the lesser of million or of available cash may be deducted from the amount of letters of credit outstanding (not to be less than when calculating the consolidated funded indebtedness, which is a component of the consolidated net leverage ratio. We have the option to cash collateralize all or a portion of the letters of credit outstanding, which would favorably impact the consolidated funded indebtedness calculation and the consolidated net leverage ratio. As of September 30, 2023, there were amounts borrowed under the U.S. Revolver, and letters of credit outstanding were million. There was million available for the issuance of letters of credit and borrowings under the U.S. Revolver as of September 30, 2023. 
 As of September 30, 2023, we are required to maintain certain financial covenants, the most significant of which are a consolidated net leverage ratio less than to 1.0 and a consolidated interest coverage ratio of greater than to 1.0. Our most restrictive covenant, the consolidated net leverage ratio, is the ratio of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and stock-based compensation (EBITDAS) to funded indebtedness. An increase in indebtedness, which includes letters of credit, or a decrease in EBITDAS could restrict our ability to issue letters of credit or borrow under the U.S. Revolver. Additionally, we must maintain a consolidated cash balance of million at all times, which can be deducted from the letters of credit outstanding as noted above. The U.S. Revolver also contains a "material adverse effect" clause which is a material change in our operations, business, properties, liabilities or condition (financial or otherwise) or a material impairment of our ability to perform our obligations under the U.S. Revolver. As of September 30, 2023, we were in compliance with all of the financial covenants of the U.S. Revolver. 
 
 The U.S. Revolver allows the Company to elect that any borrowing under the facility bears an interest rate based on either the base rate or the eurocurrency rate, in each case, plus the applicable rate. The base rate is generally the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus , (b) the Bank of America prime rate or (c) the Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Index (BSBY) rate plus . The applicable rate is generally a range from to depending on the type of loan and the Company's consolidated net leverage ratio. 
 The U.S. Revolver is collateralized by a pledge of of the voting capital stock of each of our domestic subsidiaries and of the voting capital stock of each non-domestic subsidiary. The U.S. Revolver provides for customary events of default and carries cross-default provisions with other existing debt agreements. If an event of default (as defined in the U.S. Revolver) occurs and is continuing, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the U.S. Revolver, amounts and letters of credit outstanding under the U.S. Revolver may be accelerated and may become immediately due and payable. 
 44 

million to million and extended the expiry date to October 4, 2028. The aggregate commitment of million consists of million committed by Bank of America and million committed by Texas Capital Bank. As amended by the Third Amendment, the lesser of million or of readily and available cash may be deducted from the amount of letters of credit outstanding (not to be less than when calculating the consolidated funded indebtedness, which is a component of the consolidated net leverage ratio. We are now required to maintain a consolidated cash balance of million at all times, which can be deducted from the letters of credit outstanding as stated above. 
 Industrial Development Revenue Bonds 
 million in October 2001 through a loan agreement funded with proceeds from tax-exempt industrial development revenue bonds (Bonds) for the completion of our Northlake, Illinois facility. The Bonds matured on October 1, 2021, and our final payment of million was made upon maturity. 

H. 
 
 million as of September 30, 2023. We also had outstanding surety bonds totaling million, with additional bonding capacity of million available, at September 30, 2023. We have strong surety relationships; however, a change in market conditions or the sureties' assessment of our financial position could cause the sureties to require cash collateralization for undischarged liabilities under the bonds. 
 We have a million facility agreement (Facility Agreement) between Powell (UK) Limited and a large international bank that provides Powell (UK) Limited the ability to enter into bank guarantees as well as forward exchange contracts and currency options. At September 30, 2023, we had outstanding guarantees totaling million, with additional capacity of million available under this Facility Agreement. The Facility Agreement provides for customary events of default and carries cross-default provisions with the U.S. Revolver. If an event of default (as defined in the Facility Agreement) occurs and is continuing, per the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, obligations outstanding under the Facility Agreement may be accelerated and declared immediately due and payable. Additionally, we are required to maintain cash collateral for guarantees greater than . As of September 30, 2023, we were in compliance with all of the financial covenants of the Facility Agreement. 
 Litigation 
 We are involved in various legal proceedings, claims and other disputes arising from our commercial operations, projects, employees and other matters which, in general, are subject to uncertainties and in which the outcomes are not predictable. Although we can give no assurances about the resolution of pending claims, litigation or other disputes, and the effect such outcomes may have on us, management believes that any ultimate liability resulting from the outcome of such proceedings, to the extent not otherwise provided or covered by insurance, will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity. 
 Liquidated Damages 
 Certain of our customer contracts have schedule and performance obligation clauses that, if we fail to meet them, could require us to pay liquidated damages. Each individual contract defines the conditions under which the customer may make a claim against us. As of September 30, 2023, certain contracts had a probable exposure to liquidated damages of million, which could possibly increase to million under certain circumstances. Based on our actual or projected failure to meet these various contractual commitments, million has been recorded as a reduction to revenue. We will attempt to obtain change orders, contract extensions or accelerate project completion, which may resolve the potential for any unrecorded liquidated damage. Should we fail to achieve relief on some or all of these contractual obligations, we could be required to pay additional liquidated damages, which could negatively impact our future operating results. 
 
 45 

I. 
 State Foreign Deferred: Federal ) ) ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) ) Total income tax provision (benefit) ) 
 Foreign ) Income before income taxes 
 State income taxes, net of federal benefit Research and development credit ) ) ) Foreign rate differential Foreign taxes Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax rate differential ) ) Non-deductible expenses Impact of U.S. global intangible taxes and benefits Other Effective rate ) 
 
 Our income tax provision reflects an effective tax rate on pre-tax results of in Fiscal 2023 compared to negative and in Fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. The income tax provision for Fiscal 2023 was favorably impacted by the reversal of a valuation allowance on the United Kingdom (U.K.) deferred tax assets that were previously fully reserved, in addition to the current year estimated Research and Development Tax Credit (R D Tax Credit). These items were offset by state tax expense, the tax expense related to certain nondeductible expenses and an inclusion related to U.S. global intangible income. 
 
 The income tax benefit for Fiscal 2022 was largely a result of the reversal of a valuation allowance on the Canadian deferred tax assets that were previously fully reserved, in addition to the estimated R D Tax Credit. These items were partially offset by the tax expense related to certain nondeductible expenses, the gain on the disposition of a small, non-core division of our Canadian operations and an inclusion related to U.S. global intangible income. 
 46 

million were realizable. This determination was based on operating results over the past three years and anticipated future taxable income from our U.K. operations. The valuation allowance was released accordingly, and a million tax benefit and corresponding increase in the deferred tax assets were recorded. Likewise, during the period ended June 30, 2022, management concluded that Canadian net deferred tax assets of million were realizable based on current and anticipated market conditions, continued market diversification, operating results over the past three years and anticipated future taxable income from our Canadian operations. The release of the Canadian valuation allowance resulted in a million tax benefit and a corresponding increase in the deferred tax assets. During our assessment of deferred income taxes in Fiscal 2021, we recorded a valuation allowance of million against our Mexican net deferred tax assets. In assessing the realizability of net deferred tax assets, we determined it was more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets may not be realized based upon recent Mexican tax losses and anticipated results in the near term. Estimates may change as new events occur, estimates of future taxable income are reduced or increased, additional information becomes available, or operating environments change, which may result in a full or partial reversal of the valuation allowance. 
 We have not recorded deferred income taxes on million of undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries because of management s intent to indefinitely reinvest such earnings. Upon distribution of these earnings in the form of dividends or otherwise, we may be subject to U.S. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes. It is not practical, however, to estimate the amount of taxes that may be payable on the eventual remittance of these earnings. 
 We are subject to income tax in the U.S., multiple state jurisdictions and certain international jurisdictions, primarily the U.K. and Canada. We do not consider any state in which we do business to be a major tax jurisdiction. The significant jurisdictions that remain open to examination are as follows: Canada 2016 2022, U.K. 2022 and the U.S. 2019 2022. As of September 30, 2023, we did not have any state audits underway that would have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations. 
 Gross liabilities and valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred income tax asset 
 47 

Depreciation and amortization Deferred compensation Stock-based compensation Credit carryforwards Uniform capitalization and inventory Reserve for accrued employee benefits Warranty accrual Other (1) 
 Deferred tax assets Deferred Tax Liabilities: Depreciation and amortization ) Retention and other ) ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Less: valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax asset (1) Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified for consistency with the current year presentation. 

We have deferred tax assets related to international net operating loss carryforwards of million that are not reserved with a valuation allowance available to offset future tax liabilities in the respective jurisdictions. The majority of these net operating loss carryforwards are related to our Canadian operations and expire beginning in 2033. The remaining unreserved net operating loss carryforwards related to other jurisdictions have an indefinite carryforward period. As of September 30, 2023, the majority of our tax credit carryforwards are fully reserved with a valuation allowance. 
 
 The net decrease in the total valuation allowance during the year was million, which was largely a result of the reversal of the U.K. valuation allowance. In assessing the realizability of net deferred tax assets, we consider whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the net deferred tax assets may not be realized. The ultimate realization of net deferred tax assets is dependent on the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. 
 Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period Increases related to tax positions taken during a prior period Decreases related to expiration of statute of limitations ) Decreases related to settlement with taxing authorities ) ) Balance at end of period 
 Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at the end of Fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 are million, million, and million, respectively, of tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. Our policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters as tax expense. The amount of interest and penalty expense recorded for the year ended September 30, 2023 was not material. 
 
 Management believes that, within the next twelve months, it is reasonably possible that the unrecognized tax benefits will decrease by approximately million due to the expiration of certain federal statutes of limitations. We are unable to make 
 48 

J. 
 million, million and million in Fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Deferred Compensation 
 We offer a non-qualified deferred compensation plan to a select group of highly compensated individuals (as defined). The plan permits the deferral of up to of a participant s base salary and/or of a participant s annual incentive. The deferrals are held in a separate irrevocable rabbi trust (the Rabbi Trust), which has been established to administer the plan. The Rabbi Trust is intended to be used as a source of funds to match respective funding obligations to participants. The assets of the trust are subject to the claims of our creditors in the event that we become insolvent. Consequently, the Rabbi Trust qualifies as a grantor trust for income tax purposes. We make periodic payments into company-owned life insurance policies held in the Rabbi Trust to fund the expected obligations arising under this plan. Changes in the deferred compensation balance are recorded to compensation expense and reflected within the selling, general and administrative expenses line in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The plan is not qualified under Section 401 of the Internal Revenue code. We recorded net compensation expense adjustments of million related to this plan in Fiscal 2023 and million in Fiscal 2022. At September 30, 2023, total assets held in the Rabbi Trust were million and recorded in other assets and the liability was million and recorded in deferred compensation in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The million of assets held in the Rabbi Trust is invested in company-owned life insurance policies. 
 Retiree Medical Plan 
 We have an unfunded plan that extends health benefits to retirees that are also available to active employees under our existing health plans. The current plan provides coverage for employees with at least years of service who are age or older but less than . Effective January 1, 2023, eligibility for postretirement medical benefits changed to age with years of continuous service. Employees who are under age as of January 1, 2023 or who are hired after January 1, 2023 are no longer eligible for postretirement medical benefits. The retiree is required to pay the COBRA rate less a subsidy provided by us based on years of service at the time of retirement. The unfunded liability is recorded in other long-term liabilities and was million as of September 30, 2023 and million as of September 30, 2022. Our net periodic postretirement costs were immaterial for all periods presented in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Due to the immateriality of the costs and liabilities of this plan, no further disclosure is being presented. 

K. 
 and increased the number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the plan by shares for a total of shares. 
 49 

period from the date of issuance and are a blend of time-based and performance-based shares. percent of the grant is time-based and vests over a period on each anniversary of the grant date, based on continued employment. The remaining percent of the grant is earned based on the earnings and safety performance of the Company following the grant date. At September 30, 2023, there were RSUs outstanding. The RSUs do not have voting rights but do receive dividend equivalents upon vesting which are accrued quarterly. Additionally, the shares of common stock underlying the RSUs are not considered issued and outstanding until vested and common stock is issued. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited/cancelled ) Outstanding at September 30, 2023 
 Restricted Stock 
 In February 2022, our stockholders approved an amendment to the 2014 Non-Employee Director Equity Incentive Plan (the 2014 Director Plan) that extended the term of the 2014 Director Plan by and increased the number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the 2014 Director Plan by shares for a total of shares. The plan is administered by the Compensation Committee. Eligibility to participate in the plan is limited to those individuals who are members of the Board of Directors of the Company and who are not employees of the Company or any affiliate of the Company. 
 Under the terms of the 2014 Director Plan, the maximum number of shares that may be granted during any calendar year to any individual is shares. The total number of shares that may be issued for awards to any single participant during a calendar year for other stock-based awards (excluding stock options and stock appreciation rights) is shares. The Compensation Committee has determined that each non-employee director will receive restricted shares of the Company s common stock annually. percent of the restricted stock granted to each of our non-employee directors vests immediately, while the remaining percent vests on the anniversary of the grant date. Compensation expense is recognized immediately for the first percent of the restricted stock granted, while compensation expense for the remaining percent is recognized over the remaining vesting period. 
 Under this 2014 Director Plan, in February 2023, shares of restricted stock were issued to our non-employee directors at a price of per share. In February 2022, we issued shares of restricted stock to our non-employee directors at a price of per share. The total number of shares of common stock available for future awards under the 2014 Director plan was shares as of September 30, 2023. At September 30, 2023 and 2022, there were shares and shares, respectively, of unvested restricted stock outstanding. 
 Compensation Expense 
 Total compensation expense related to restricted stock grants under all plans was million, million and million for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total compensation expense related to RSUs under all plans was million, million and million for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 million and million, respectively. As of September 30, 2023, the total weighted average remaining contractual life of our non-vested restricted stock and RSUs is approximately and years, respectively. 
 
 50 

L. 
 Short-term investments Other assets Liabilities: Deferred compensation 
 The following table summarizes the fair value of our assets and liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2022 (in thousands): 
 Fair Value Measurements at September 30, 2022 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Fair Value at September 30, 2022 Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Other assets Liabilities: Deferred compensation 
 
 Fair value guidance requires certain fair value disclosures to be presented in both interim and annual reports. The estimated fair value amounts of financial instruments have been determined using available market information and valuation methodologies described below. 
 
 51 

M. 

Less: sublease income ) ) ) Variable lease cost (1) 
 Short-term lease cost (2) 
 Total lease cost (1) Variable lease cost represents common area maintenance charges related to our Canadian office space lease. 
 (2) Short-term lease cost includes leases and rentals with initial terms of one year or less. 
 
 We recognize operating lease assets and operating lease liabilities representing the present value of the remaining lease payments for leases with initial terms greater than twelve months. Leases with initial terms of twelve months or less are not recorded in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Liabilities: Current operating lease liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 
 52 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less: present value discount (imputed interest) ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 The weighted average discount rate as of September 30, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. The weighted average remaining lease term was years and years, respectively, at September 30, 2023 and 2022. 

N. 
 reportable operating segment related to the development, design, manufacturing and servicing of custom-engineered equipment and systems for the distribution, control and monitoring of electrical energy. 
 Canada Middle East and Africa Asia/Pacific Europe Mexico, Central and South America Total revenues 
 
 Canada United Kingdom Total 
 
 53 

O. 
 Gross profit Net income (loss) Earnings (loss) per share: Basic Diluted (1) The results for the first quarter of Fiscal 2023 demonstrated normal seasonality and were negatively impacted by holidays and work schedules compared to other quarterly periods. 
 (2) The results for the second quarter of Fiscal 2023 were positively impacted by a project cancellation of million. 
 (3) The results for the third quarter of Fiscal 2023 were positively impacted by a project cancellation of million. 
 (4) The results for the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2023 were positively impacted by project cancellations of million and the reversal of a million valuation allowance against the U.K. net deferred tax assets. 
 
 2022 Quarters First (1) 
 Second Third (2) 
 Fourth (3) 
 2022 Revenues Gross profit Net income (loss) ) ) Earnings (loss) per share: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) (1) The results for the first quarter of Fiscal 2022 demonstrated normal seasonality and were negatively impacted by holidays and work schedules compared to other quarterly periods. 
 (2) The results for the third quarter of Fiscal 2022 were positively impacted by the release of a million Canadian valuation allowance and a million pre-tax gain on the sale of a non-core business within our Canadian operations. 
 (3) The results for the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2022 were positively impacted by a million settlement of a claim for cost overruns from prior years related to a U.S. based municipal transit project. 

The sum of the individual earnings per share amounts may not agree with year-to-date earnings per share as each period s computation is based on the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the period. 

P. 
 
 million. We recorded a million pre-tax gain on this transaction, which has been presented in other income on our Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended September 30, 2023. 

Q. 
 per share. The dividend is payable on December 13, 2023 to shareholders of record at the close of business on November 15, 2023. 
 54 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We have established and maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Management, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, our CEO and CFO have each concluded that, as of September 30, 2023, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a 15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our system of internal control was designed using a top-down risk-based approach to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Due to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become ineffective due to changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures. 
 Management of the Company has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023. Management evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on management s evaluation, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective at the reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited and issued their report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, which appears in their report on the financial statements included herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 Insider Adoption or Termination of Trading Arrangements 
 During the last fiscal quarter, . 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 55 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this item is incorporated in this Annual Report by reference to our definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A, to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all employees, including our executive officers and directors. A copy of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics may be obtained at the Investor Relations section of our website, www.powellind.com , or by written request addressed to the Secretary, Powell Industries, Inc., 8550 Mosley Road, Houston, Texas 77075. We will satisfy the requirements under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding disclosure of amendments to, or waivers from, provisions of our code of ethics that apply to the chief executive officer, chief financial officer or controller by posting such information on our website. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item is incorporated in this Annual Report by reference to our definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A, to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item is incorporated in this Annual Report by reference to our definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A, to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is incorporated in this Annual Report by reference to our definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A, to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is incorporated in this Annual Report by reference to our definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A, to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 

56 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits. Financial Statement Schedules 
 1. Financial Statements. Reference is made to the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements at Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedule. All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 3. Exhibits. 
 Number Description of Exhibits 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of Powell Industries, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on February 11, 2004 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 8-A/A filed November 1, 2004, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated By-laws of Powell Industries, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 8-K filed October 12, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.3 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated By-laws of Powell Industries, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 8-K filed February 26, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.1 Description of Supplemental Executive Benefit Plan (filed as Exhibit 10 to our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 1984, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.2 Powell Industries, Inc. Directors Fees Program (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 1992, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.3 Powell Industries, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2002, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.4 Banking facilities between HSBC Bank plc and Switchgear Instrumentation Limited and Switchgear Instrumentation Properties Limited dated September 12, 2005 (filed as Exhibit 10.16 to our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2005, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.5 Lease Agreement between the Company and C L Partnership, Ltd. dated April 19, 2006 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 8-K filed August 9, 2006, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.6 Employment Agreement dated as of May 8, 2012 between the Company and Milburn E. Honeycutt (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.7 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of April 26, 2012, between Powell PowerComm Inc., as Borrower, Powell Industries, Inc., Nextron Limited, PPC Technical Services Inc., as Guarantors, and HSBC Bank Canada, as Lender (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.8 Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of January 15, 2014, between the Company and Kapsch TrafficCom IVHS, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K filed January 17, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.9 Amended and Restated Powell Supply Agreement dated as of December 30, 2013, between the Company and General Electric Company (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 10-Q filed February 5, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.10 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 10-Q filed May 7, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.11 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to our Form 10-Q filed May 7, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

57 

Number Description of Exhibits 10.12 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to our Form 10-Q filed May 7, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.13 Form of Performance Unit Award Agreement under 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to our Form 10-Q filed May 7, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.14 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to our Form 10-Q filed May 7, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.15 Form of Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement under 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to our Form 10-Q filed May 7, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.16 2014 Non-Employee Director Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to our Form 10-Q filed May 7, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.17 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under 2014 Non-Employee Director Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to our Form 10-Q filed May 7, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.18 Renewed banking facilities between HSBC Bank plc and Powell (UK) Limited dated October 20, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 10.48 to our Form 10-K filed December 3, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.19 Amending Agreement to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, effective as of March 31, 2015, between Powell Canada Inc., Powell Industries, Inc., Nextron Limited, PCG Northern Services Inc. and HSBC Bank Canada (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10-Q filed May 6, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.20 Employment Agreement dated September 29, 2016, between the Company and Brett A. Cope (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our 8-K filed September 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.21 Employment Agreement effective November 5, 2018 by and between the Company and Michael W. Metcalf (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K filed November 1, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) . 
 10.22 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated September 27, 2019, by and between the Company, as Borrower, certain subsidiaries of the Company identified therein, as Guarantors, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and L/C Issuer, the Lenders party thereto and BofA Securities, Inc., as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner (filed as Exhibit 10.25 to our Form 10-K filed December 5, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.23 First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated March 12, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K filed March 16, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.24 LIBOR Transition Amendment, dated December 31, 2021, by and between the Company, as Borrower, certain subsidiaries of the Company identified therein, as Guarantors, the Lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10-Q filed February 9, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.25 L IBOR Transition Amendment, dated November 10, 2022, by and between the Company, as Borr ower, certain subsidiaries of the Company identified therein, as Guarantors, the Lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10-Q filed February 1, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.26 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated March 31, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K filed April 6, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.27 First Amendment to Powell Industries, Inc. 2014 Non-Employee Director Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Form S-8 filed February 9, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.28 First Amendment to Powell Industries, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K filed February 16, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.29 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated October 4, 2023. 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Powell Industries, Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
 
 58 

Number Description of Exhibits 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 97 Executive Recoupment Policy effective September 2 0, 2023 
 101 The following financial statements from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags. 104 The cover page from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, formatted in Inline XBRL (included as Exhibit 101). 
 Management contracts and compensatory plans or arrangements. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted based on a request for confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such omitted portions have been filed separately with the Commission. Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 
 59 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 POWELL INDUSTRIES, INC. By: /s/ Brett A. Cope Brett A. Cope President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the date indicated: 
 Signature Title /s/Brett A. Cope Chairman of the Board President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Brett A. Cope /s/Michael W. Metcalf Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Michael W. Metcalf /s/Milburn Honeycutt Vice President Chief Accounting Officer Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) Milburn Honeycutt /s/Alaina K. Brooks Director Alaina K. Brooks /s/ Christopher E. Cragg Director Christopher E. Cragg /s/ Katheryn B. Curtis Director Katheryn B. Curtis /s/ James W. McGill Director James W. McGill /s/ John G. Stacey Director John G. Stacey /s/ John D. White Director John D. White /s/ Richard E. Williams Director Richard E. Williams 
 Date: December 6, 2023 
 
 60 

<EX-10.29>
 2
 exhibit1029thirdamendmentt.htm
 EX-10.29

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.29 

 THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 THIS THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Amendment is entered into as of October 4, 2023 (the Third Amendment Effective Date ), among POWELL INDUSTRIES, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), certain Subsidiaries of the Borrower party hereto, as guarantors (the Guarantors ), the lenders party hereto (the Lenders ), and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. Bank of America ), as Administrative Agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), Swingline Lender, L C Issuer and a Lender. 
 RECITALS 
 A. The Borrower, the Subsidiaries of the Borrower from time to time party thereto as Guarantors, the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender, the L C Issuer and the Lenders from time to time party thereto are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 27, 2019 (as amended by that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2021, as further modified by that certain Consent to Credit Agreement, dated as of July 28, 2022, as may be further amended by that certain LIBOR Transition Amendment, dated as of November 10, 2022, as amended by that certain Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2023, and as may be further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, increased, extended, refinanced, renewed, replaced, and or otherwise modified in writing from time to time prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date, the Credit Agreement and the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment on the Third Amendment Effective Date, the Amended Credit Agreement ). 
 B. The Borrower has requested that (i) the Lenders increase the amount of the Aggregate Commitments on the Third Amendment Effective Date from One Hundred Twenty-Five Million Dollars 125,000,000) to One Hundred Fifty Million Dollars 150,000,000) and (ii) the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer and the Lenders make (A) certain other modifications to the terms of the Credit Agreement as described in Section 4(a below, and (B) certain modifications to the Schedules to the Credit Agreement as described in Section 4(b below. 
 C. Texas Capital Bank, a Texas state bank TCB has agreed to join into the Credit Agreement as Syndication Agent and a Lender. 
 D. The Lenders have agreed to increase the amount of the Aggregate Commitments on the Third Amendment Effective Date, and the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer and the Lenders have agreed to amend the Credit Agreement (including to certain of the Schedules thereto) as set forth herein, in each case, on the terms, and subject to the conditions, set forth in this Amendment. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each of the undersigned hereby agree as follows 
 AGREEMENTS 
 1. Introductory Paragraph and Recitals Definitions . The above introductory paragraph and recitals (including any terms defined therein) of this Amendment are incorporated herein by reference as if fully set forth in the body of this Amendment. Unless otherwise defined in this Amendment, each capitalized term used herein but not otherwise defined herein has the meaning given to such term in the Amended Credit Agreement. 

Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

2. Joinder of TCB as a Lender . 
 (a) TCB hereby (i) agrees to become Syndication Agent and a Lender under the Credit Agreement (ii) joins in, becomes a party to, and agrees to comply with and be bound by the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement, to the same extent as if TCB were an original signatory thereto and (iii) agrees to provide its Revolving Commitment under the Credit Agreement on the Third Amendment Effective Date hereof in the amount of 50,000,000 and 
 (b) TCB hereby (i) represents and warrants that it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Amendment and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and (ii) agrees that it will (A) independently and without reliance on Administrative Agent or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (B) perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
 
 3. Increase in Aggregate Commitments . 
 (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Amendment and in the Amended Credit Agreement, each of the Lenders hereby agrees to increase the amount of its respective Revolving Commitment on the Third Amendment Effective Date from the respective amount set forth in the applicable column opposite such Lender s name (designated as such Lender s Commitment in the table set forth on Schedule 1.01(b) to the Credit Agreement, as such Schedule is in effect immediately prior to giving effect to this Amendment, to the respective amount set forth in the applicable column opposite such Lender s name (designated as such Lender s Commitment in the table set forth on such Schedule as in effect immediately after giving effect to this Amendment. As of the Third Amendment Effective Date (immediately after giving effect to this Amendment), the amount of the Aggregate Commitments is One Hundred Fifty Million Dollars 150,000,000), as increased from One Hundred Twenty-Five Million Dollars 125,000,000) as of the date that is immediately prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date. 
 (b) The increase in the amount of the Aggregate Commitments on the Third Amendment Effective Date pursuant to this Section 3 is not effected pursuant to Section 2.16 of the Credit Agreement and shall not constitute an Incremental Facility for purposes of the Amended Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, and further , the aggregate amount of the increase in Commitments established on the Third Amendment Effective Date pursuant to this Section 3 shall not decrease (or otherwise count against) the aggregate Dollar cap applicable to Incremental Facilities that is set forth in Section 2.16(a) of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 3. Amendments to Credit Agreement . In accordance with Section 11.01 of the Credit Agreement, the Credit Agreement is hereby amended in the following respects 
 (a) Terms of Credit Agreement . The terms of the Credit Agreement (but not the Exhibits and or Schedules thereto) are hereby amended and replaced in their entirety to read as set forth in the copy of the entire body of the Amended Credit Agreement attached hereto as Annex I . 
 (b) Schedule 1.01(b) to Credit Agreement . Schedule 1.01(b) to the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and replaced in its entirety with the Schedule attached hereto as Annex II . 
 
 2 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

4. Effectiveness Conditions Precedent . This Amendment shall become effective as of the Third Amendment Effective Date upon the satisfaction of each of the following conditions precedent (in each case, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) 
 (a) Amendment . Receipt by the Administrative Agent of a counterpart of this Amendment duly executed by each of the Loan Parties, each of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and the L C Issuer, or written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include telecopy transmission of such signed signature page) that each such Person has signed a counterpart to this Amendment. 
 (b) Organization Documents Resolutions and Certificates . Receipt by the Administrative Agent of a duly executed certificate of the chief financial officer, manager, secretary or assistant secretary (or other Responsible Officer of substantially equivalent title and authority) of each Loan Party (i) certifying that there has been no change to the Organization Documents of such Loan Party since the Effective Date (except as may be detailed in such certificate, and, in the event of any such change(s), such certificate shall attach a copy of such changed Organization Document(s) that is certified, as of a recent date, by the applicable Governmental Authority of such Loan Party s jurisdiction of incorporation or formation (as the case may be)) (ii) attaching and certifying a copy of resolutions (or unanimous written consents) of the board of directors or managers (or equivalent governing body) of such Loan Party, authorizing (A) the timely execution and delivery of this Amendment and the performance by such Loan Party of its obligations hereunder and under the Amended Credit Agreement, (B) the increase in the amount of the Aggregate Commitments on the Third Amendment Effective Date as described herein, and (C) any Credit Extension(s) to occur on the Third Amendment Effective Date (iii) if the Administrative Agent has not already received an executed, original incumbency certificate (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) with respect to each Responsible Officer of a Loan Party signing this Amendment and or any other document, agreement, letter, certificate and or instrument executed, or required to be executed, in connection herewith (including, without limitation, the fee letter agreement referred to in clause (f below and the certificate(s) described in this clause (b )), an executed incumbency certificate with respect to each such Responsible Officer and (iv) copies of certificates of good standing, existence, or the like for each Loan Party, certified, as of a recent date, by the applicable Governmental Authority of such Loan Party s jurisdiction of incorporation or formation (as the case may be). 
 (c) Opinions of Counsel . Receipt by the Administrative Agent of customary written opinions of counsel to the Loan Parties, addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, regarding, among other customary matters, the existence, good standing and corporate authority of the Loan Parties and the binding effect and enforceability of this Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement and otherwise in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (d) Personal Property . Receipt by the Administrative Agent of each of the following 
 (i) copies of favorable UCC, tax, judgment and fixture lien search results (in each case, as required by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) in the jurisdiction of incorporation or formation, as the case may be, of each Loan Party, together with any such search results in any other necessary or appropriate jurisdiction(s) as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, indicating that there are no prior Liens on any of the Collateral, other than Liens permitted to continue in existence after the Third Amendment Effective Date pursuant to Section 7.01 of the Amended Credit Agreement and 
 (ii) UCC financing statements (including any amendments thereto), duly authorized by the Loan Parties for filing by the Administrative Agent, with respect to each appropriate jurisdiction as is necessary or advisable, in the Administrative Agent s reasonable discretion, to 
 3 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

perfect the Administrative Agent s security interest in the Collateral (to the extent that such security interest is not , for any reason, perfected with respect to any of the Collateral immediately prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date). 
 (e) Other Information and Documents . Delivery to (i) the Administrative Agent of such other information and or documents as the Administrative Agent and or any Lender may reasonably request or require in connection with this Amendment, and (ii) Texas Capital Bank, as Syndication Agent and a Lender of the letter agreements dated as of the date hereof between the Borrower and Texas Capital Bank, as Syndication Agent and a Lender, the final versions of such letters which have been delivered to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date hereof. 
 (f) Fees and Expenses . Receipt by the Administrative Agent of all fees, costs, expenses, charges, disbursements and other amounts due and payable by any of the Loan Parties to any of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender, the L C Issuer, Syndication Agent and or the Lenders (or any of them) on or prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date, including, without limitation, reimbursement or payment of all fees and out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates (including, without limitation, all reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent) required to be reimbursed or paid by any of the Loan Parties hereunder, under any other Loan Document, and or under any other agreement with (i) the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates and(ii) Texas Capital Bank, as Syndication Agent or any of its Affiliates. 
 5. Representations and Warranties . The Borrower and each Guarantor hereby represent and warrant to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders on, and as of, the Third Amendment Effective Date that (a) it possesses the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Amendment and to perform its respective obligations under this Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement (b) this Amendment has been duly authorized and approved by the requisite corporate action on the part of the Borrower or such Guarantor (c) no other consent of any Person (other than the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer and the Lenders) that has not been obtained is required for this Amendment to be effective on the Third Amendment Effective Date in accordance with the terms hereof (d) the execution and delivery of this Amendment does not violate its Organization Documents (e) the representations and warranties in each Loan Document to which it is a party are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Third Amendment Effective Date as though made on the Third Amendment Effective Date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties speak to a specific date, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such specific date) (f) it is in compliance with all covenants and agreements contained in each Loan Document to which it is a party (g) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from either its execution and delivery of this Amendment on the Third Amendment Effective Date or the performance of its respective obligations under this Amendment and or the Amended Credit Agreement (h) each Loan Document to which it is a party remains in full force and effect and is the legal, valid, and binding obligation of the Borrower or such Guarantor, enforceable against the Borrower or such Guarantor in accordance with its respective terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and to general principles of equity and principles of good faith and fair dealing and (i) as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, the information included in any Beneficial Ownership Certification, if applicable, is true and correct in all respects. 
 6. Full Force and Effect Reaffirmation . 
 (a) Except as expressly amended by this Amendment, all of the terms, provisions and conditions of the Loan Documents (including in any Schedules and or Exhibits thereto) are unchanged and shall remain and continue in full force and effect according to their respective terms. However, in the event of any inconsistency between the terms of the Amended Credit Agreement and the terms of any 
 4 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

other Loan Document, the terms of the Amended Credit Agreement shall control and the terms of such other Loan Document shall be deemed to be amended to conform to the terms of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (b) Each Loan Party (i) (A) acknowledges and consents to all of the terms and conditions of this Amendment and of the Amended Credit Agreement, (B) affirms all of its respective obligations under each of the Loan Documents (as amended by this Amendment, to the extent amended), and (C) agrees that this Amendment, and all documents, agreements, letters, certificates and or instruments executed in connection with this Amendment, do not operate to reduce or discharge any Loan Party s obligations under any of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and (ii) (A) affirms that each of the Liens granted in, or pursuant to, the Loan Documents is valid and subsisting, and (B) agrees that this Amendment, and all documents, agreements, certificates and or instruments executed in connection with this Amendment, do not , in any manner, impair, or otherwise adversely affect, any of the Liens granted in, or pursuant to, any of the Loan Documents. 
 7. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Loan Document Reference of Terms . This Amendment is hereby deemed to be, and shall be, a Loan Document, and all references to a Loan Document or the Loan Documents in the Credit Agreement, in any other Loan Document, or in any other document, agreement, letter, certificate and or instrument executed and delivered pursuant to the terms hereof or thereof, whether executed on, prior to or after the Third Amendment Effective Date (including, without limitation, all such references in the representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents), shall be deemed to include, and shall include, this Amendment. All references to Agreement in the Credit Agreement, and all references to the Credit Agreement in any other Loan Document or in any other document, agreement, letter, certificate and or instrument executed and delivered pursuant to the terms hereof or thereof, whether executed on, prior to or after the Third Amendment Effective Date (including, without limitation, all such references in the representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents), are hereby amended so that any reference to Agreement or the Credit Agreement therein, as the case may be, shall be, and be deemed to be, a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (b) Binding Effect . The Amended Credit Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, each of the undersigned and their respective legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns. 
 (c) No Waiver of Defaults . This Amendment does not constitute a waiver of, or a consent to, any present or future violation of, or default under, any provision of any of the Loan Documents, or a waiver of the Administrative Agent s, the L C Issuer s or any Lender s right to insist upon future compliance with each and every term, covenant, condition and provision of each of the Loan Documents. 
 (d) Form . Each agreement, document, certificate, instrument or other writing to be furnished to the Administrative Agent or any Lender under any provision of this Amendment must be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (e) Headings . The headings and captions used in this Amendment are for convenience only and will not be deemed to limit, amplify or modify the terms of this Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. 
 (f) Costs, Expenses and Attorneys Fees . The Borrower agrees to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent on demand for all its reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in 
 5 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

connection with the preparation, negotiation, and execution of this Amendment, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of the Administrative Agent s counsel. 
 (g) Multiple Counterparts Electronic Signatures . This Amendment and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Amendment (each, a Communication ), including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures (including, without limitation, facsimile and in .pdf format) and shall be considered an original, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. This Amendment may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Amendment. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance by the Administrative Agent of a manually signed paper Communication that has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into .pdf format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and or retention. For purposes hereof, Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 (h) Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT, AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF TEXAS. 
 8. Entirety . This Amendment and the other Loan Documents represent the final agreement among the Borrower , the Guarantors , the Lenders , the L C Issuer and the Administrative Agent and may not be contradicted by evidence of prior , contemporaneous or subsequent oral agreements by the parties . there are no unwritten oral agreements among the parties . 
 Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank Signature Pages Follow 
 6 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto have caused a counterpart of this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by its below respective duly authorized officer as of the Third Amendment Effective Date. 
 BORROWER POWELL INDUSTRIES , INC ., 
 a Delaware corporation 
 By s Michael W. Metcalf 
 Name Michael W. Metcalf 
 Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 GUARANTORS POWELL ELECTRICAL SYSTEMS , INC ., 
 a Delaware corporation 
 By s Michael W. Metcalf 
 Name Michael W. Metcalf 
 Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 POWELL INDUSTRIES INTERNATIONAL , INC ., 
 a Delaware corporation 
 By s Michael W. Metcalf 
 Name Michael W. Metcalf 
 Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Signature Pages Continue 
 
 Signature Page to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT BANK OF AMERICA , N . A ., 
 as Administrative Agent 
 By s Priscilla Ruffin 
 Name Priscilla Ruffin 
 Title AVP 
 Signature Pages Continue 
 
 Signature Page to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 

LENDER BANK OF AMERICA , N . A ., 
 as a Lender, the L C Issuer and the Swingline Lender 
 By s Katherine Osele 
 Name Katherine Osele 
 Title Senior Vice President 

Signature Page to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 

LENDER TEXAS CAPITAL BANK , 
 as Syndication Agent and a Lender 
 By s Leila Z. Aloi 
 Name Leila Z. Aloi 
 Title Managing Director 
 
 Signature Pages End 
 Signature Page to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Dated as of September 27, 2019 
 among 
 POWELL INDUSTRIES , INC ., 
 as the Borrower, 
 CERTAIN SUBSIDIARIES OF THE BORROWER PARTY HERETO , 
 as the Guarantors, 
 BANK OF AMERICA , N . A ., 
 as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and 
 L C Issuer, 
 and 
 THE LENDERS PARTY HERETO 
 BofA SECURITIES , INC ., 
 as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner 
 TEXAS CAPITAL BANK , 
 as Syndication Agent 
 
 4869-9470-3210 v.6 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 I. DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS. 
 1 
 1.01 Defined Terms 
 1 
 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions 
 39 
 1.03 Accounting Terms. 
 40 
 1.04 Rounding 
 41 
 1.05 Times of Day 
 41 
 1.06 Letter of Credit Amounts 
 41 
 1.07 UCC Terms 
 41 
 1.08 Exchange Rates Currency Equivalents. 
 41 
 1.09 Additional Alternative Currencies. 
 42 
 1.10 Change of Currency. 
 43 
 II. COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS. 
 43 
 2.01 Loans 
 43 
 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans. 
 43 
 2.03 Letters of Credit. 
 45 
 2.04 Swingline Loans. 
 54 
 2.05 Prepayments. 
 56 
 2.06 Termination or Reduction of Commitments. 
 58 
 2.07 Repayment of Loans. 
 59 
 2.08 Interest and Default Rate. 
 59 
 2.09 Fees 
 60 
 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees Retroactive Adjustments of Applicable Rate. 
 60 
 2.11 Evidence of Debt. 
 61 
 2.12 Payments Generally Administrative Agent s Clawback. 
 61 
 2.13 Sharing of Payments by Lenders 
 63 
 2.14 Cash Collateral. 
 64 
 2.15 Defaulting Lenders. 
 65 
 2.16 Increase in Revolving Facility. 
 68 
 III. TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY. 
 69 
 3.01 Taxes. 
 69 
 3.02 Illegality 
 72 
 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates. 
 73 
 3.04 Increased Costs. 
 76 
 3.05 Compensation for Losses 
 78 
 3.06 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders. 
 78 
 3.07 Survival 
 79 
 IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS. 
 79 
 4.01 Conditions of Initial Credit Extension 
 79 
 4.02 Conditions to all Credit Extensions 
 81 
 V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 82 
 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power 
 82 
 
 i 
 4869-9470-3210 v.6 

5.02 Authorization No Contravention 
 82 
 5.03 Governmental Authorization Other Consents 
 82 
 5.04 Binding Effect 
 83 
 5.05 Financial Statements No Material Adverse Effect. 
 83 
 5.06 Litigation 
 83 
 5.07 No Default 
 83 
 5.08 Ownership of Property 
 83 
 5.09 Environmental Matters. 
 84 
 5.10 Insurance 
 84 
 5.11 Taxes 
 84 
 5.12 ERISA Compliance. 
 84 
 5.13 Margin Regulations Investment Company Act. 
 85 
 5.14 Disclosure 
 85 
 5.15 Compliance with Laws 
 86 
 5.16 Solvency 
 86 
 5.17 Casualty, Etc 
 86 
 5.18 Sanctions Concerns and Anti-Corruption Laws. 
 86 
 5.19 Responsible Officers 
 86 
 5.20 Subsidiaries Equity Interests Loan Parties. 
 87 
 5.21 Collateral Representations. 
 87 
 5.22 Affected Financial Institutions 
 87 
 5.23 Covered Entities 
 87 
 5.24 Beneficial Ownership Certification 
 88 
 VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 88 
 6.01 Financial Statements 
 88 
 6.02 Certificates Other Information 
 89 
 6.03 Notices 
 91 
 6.04 Payment of Obligations 
 91 
 6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc. 
 92 
 6.06 Maintenance of Properties. 
 92 
 6.07 Maintenance of Insurance 
 92 
 6.08 Compliance with Laws 
 92 
 6.09 Books and Records. 
 92 
 6.10 Inspection Rights 
 93 
 6.11 Use of Proceeds 
 93 
 6.12 Reserved . 
 93 
 6.13 Covenant to Guarantee Obligations 
 93 
 6.14 Covenant to Give Security 
 93 
 6.15 Cash Management 
 94 
 6.16 Anti-Corruption Laws Sanctions 
 94 
 6.17 Specified Cash Collateral Trigger Event 
 94 
 VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 94 
 7.01 Liens 
 94 
 7.02 Indebtedness 
 95 
 
 ii 
 4869-9470-3210 v.6 

7.03 Investments 
 97 
 7.04 Fundamental Changes 
 97 
 7.05 Dispositions 
 98 
 7.06 Restricted Payments 
 98 
 7.07 Change in Nature of Business 
 98 
 7.08 Transactions with Affiliates 
 98 
 7.09 Burdensome Agreements 
 99 
 7.10 Use of Proceeds 
 99 
 7.11 Financial Covenants. 
 99 
 7.12 Amendments of Organization Documents Fiscal Year Legal Name, State of Formation Form of Entity and Accounting Changes. 
 99 
 7.13 Sale and Leaseback Transactions 
 99 
 7.14 Sanctions 
 99 
 7.15 Anti-Corruption Laws 
 100 
 VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES. 
 100 
 8.01 Events of Default 
 100 
 8.02 Remedies upon Event of Default 
 102 
 8.03 Application of Funds. 
 103 
 IX. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT. 
 104 
 9.01 Appointment and Authority. 
 104 
 9.02 Rights as a Lender 
 104 
 9.03 Exculpatory Provisions. 
 105 
 9.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent 
 106 
 9.05 Delegation of Duties 
 106 
 9.06 Resignation of Administrative Agent. 
 106 
 9.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Other Lenders 
 108 
 9.08 No Other Duties, Etc 
 108 
 9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim Credit Bidding. 
 109 
 9.10 Collateral and Guaranty Matters. 
 110 
 9.11 Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements 
 111 
 9.12 Certain ERISA Matters. 
 111 
 9.13 Recovery of Erroneous Payments 
 112 
 X. CONTINUING GUARANTY. 
 112 
 10.01 Guaranty 
 112 
 10.02 Rights of Lenders 
 113 
 10.03 Certain Waivers 
 113 
 10.04 Obligations Independent 
 113 
 10.05 Subrogation 
 113 
 10.06 Termination Reinstatement 
 114 
 10.07 Stay of Acceleration 
 114 
 10.08 Condition of Borrower 
 114 
 10.09 Appointment of Borrower 
 114 
 10.10 Right of Contribution 
 114 
 10.11 Keepwell 
 114 
 
 iii 
 4869-9470-3210 v.6 

XI. MISCELLANEOUS. 
 115 
 11.01 Amendments, Etc. 
 115 
 11.02 Notices Effectiveness Electronic Communications. 
 117 
 11.03 No Waiver Cumulative Remedies Enforcement. 
 119 
 11.04 Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver. 
 120 
 11.05 Payments Set Aside 
 122 
 11.06 Successors and Assigns. 
 122 
 11.07 Treatment of Certain Information Confidentiality. 
 126 
 11.08 Right of Setoff 
 127 
 11.09 Interest Rate Limitation 
 128 
 11.10 Integration Effectiveness 
 128 
 11.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties 
 128 
 11.12 Severability 
 129 
 11.13 Replacement of Lenders. 
 129 
 11.14 Governing Law Jurisdiction Etc. 
 130 
 11.15 Waiver of Jury Trial 
 131 
 11.16 Subordination 
 131 
 11.17 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 
 131 
 11.18 Electronic Execution Electronic Records Counterparts. 
 132 
 11.19 USA Patriot Act Notice 
 133 
 11.20 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 
 133 
 11.21 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 
 134 
 11.22 Time of the Essence 
 134 
 11.23 Judgment Currency 
 134 
 11.24 Amendment and Restatement 
 135 
 11.25 Reallocation of Commitments 
 135 
 11.26 ENTIRE AGREEMENT 
 135 

BORROWER PREPARED SCHEDULES 
 SCHEDULE 1.01(c) 
 Responsible Officers SCHEDULE 5.12 
 Pension Plans SCHEDULE 5.20(a) 
 Subsidiaries, Joint Ventures, Partnerships and Other Equity Investments SCHEDULE 5.20(b) 
 Loan Parties SCHEDULE 5.21(b) 
 Pledged Equity Interests SCHEDULE 6.14 
 Excluded Accounts SCHEDULE 7.01 
 Existing Liens SCHEDULE 7.02 
 Existing Indebtedness SCHEDULE 7.03 
 Existing Investments ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT PREPARED SCHEDULES 
 SCHEDULE 1.01(a) 
 Certain Addresses for Notices SCHEDULE 1.01(b) 
 Initial Commitments and Applicable Percentages 
 iv 
 4869-9470-3210 v.6 

SCHEDULE 1.01(d) 
 Existing Letters of Credit SCHEDULE 2.01 
 Swingline Commitments SCHEDULE 2.03 
 Letter of Credit Commitments EXHIBITS EXHIBIT A Form of Administrative Questionnaire EXHIBIT B Form of Assignment and Assumption EXHIBIT C Form of Compliance Certificate EXHIBIT D Form of Joinder Agreement EXHIBIT E Form of Loan Notice EXHIBIT F Form of Permitted Acquisition Certificate EXHIBIT G Form of Revolving Note EXHIBIT H Form of Secured Party Designation Notice EXHIBIT I Form of Solvency Certificate EXHIBIT J Form of Swingline Loan Notice EXHIBIT K Reserved 
 EXHIBIT L Form of Officer s Certificate EXHIBIT M-1 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates EXHIBIT M-2 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates EXHIBIT M-3 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates EXHIBIT M-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates EXHIBIT N Form of Funding Indemnity Letter EXHIBIT O Reserved 
 EXHIBIT P Form of Financial Condition Certificate EXHIBIT Q Form of Authorization to Share Insurance Information EXHIBIT R Form of Notice of Loan Prepayment 
 
 v 
 4869-9470-3210 v.6 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT is entered into as of September 27, 2019, among POWELL INDUSTRIES , INC ., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the Guarantors (defined herein), the Lenders (defined herein), and BANK OF AMERICA , N . A ., as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and L C Issuer. 
 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 
 A. Reference is hereby made to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 27, 2019 (as amended through the Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 31, 2023, the Existing Credit Agreement ), among Borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, swing line lender, L C issuer, and the lenders from time to time party thereto. 
 B. The Borrower has requested that the lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement and extend credit to the Borrower in the form of a revolving credit facility. 
 C. Lenders are willing to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement and extend such revolving credit facility to the Borrower on the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including, without limitation loans and other financial accommodations to the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount, as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, of up to 150,000,000. 
 D. The Lenders, the Swingline Lender and the L C Issuer have agreed to make such loans and other financial accommodations to the Loan Parties on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows 
 
 I. DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS . 
 1.01 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 Acquisition means the acquisition, whether through a single transaction or a series of related transactions, of (a) a majority of the Voting Stock or other controlling ownership interest in another Person (including the purchase of an option, warrant or convertible or similar type security to acquire such a controlling interest at the time it becomes exercisable by the holder thereof), whether by purchase of such equity or other ownership interest or upon the exercise of an option or warrant for, or conversion of securities into, such equity or other ownership interest, or (b) assets of another Person which constitute all or substantially all of the assets of such Person or of a division, line of business or other business unit of such Person. 
 
 Additional Secured Obligations means (a) all obligations arising under Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements and (b) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with enforcement and collection of the foregoing, including the fees, charges and disbursements of counsel, in each case whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest, expenses and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest, expenses and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding provided that Additional Secured Obligations of a Guarantor shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to such Guarantor. 
 
 Administrative Agent means Bank of America in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. 
 
 Administrative Agent s Office means, with respect to any currency, the Administrative Agent s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 1 . 01 a with respect to such currency, or such other address or account with respect to such currency as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Lenders. 
 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in substantially the form of Exhibit A or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution, or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 
 Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
 
 Aggregate Commitments means the Commitments of all the Lenders. 
 
 Agreed Currency means Dollars or any Alternative Currency, as applicable. 
 
 Agreement means this Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, including all schedules, exhibits and annexes hereto. 
 
 Agreement Currency has the meaning specified in Section 11.22 . 
 
 Alternative Currency means each of the following currencies Sterling, Canadian Dollars, and Euros, together with each other currency (other than Dollars) that is approved in accordance with Section 1.09 provided that for each Alternative Currency, such requested currency is an Eligible Currency. 
 
 Alternative Currency Daily Rate means, for any day, with respect to any Credit Extension 
 
 (a) denominated in Sterling, the rate per annum equal to SONIA determined pursuant to the definition thereof plus the SONIA Adjustment and 
 (b) denominated in any other Alternative Currency (to the extent such Loans denominated in such currency will bear interest at a daily rate), the daily rate per annum as designated with respect to such Alternative Currency at the time such Alternative Currency is approved by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders pursuant to Section 1.09(a) plus the adjustment (if any) determined by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders pursuant to Section 1.09(a) 
 provided , that, if any Alternative Currency Daily Rate shall be less than zero percent (0.0 per annum, then such rate shall be deemed to equal zero percent (0.0 per annum for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Any change in an Alternative Currency Daily Rate shall be effective from and including the date of such change without further notice. 
 
 Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate . All Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans must be denominated in an Alternative Currency. 
 
 Alternative Currency Equivalent means, at any time, with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the equivalent amount thereof in the applicable Alternative Currency as determined by the Administrative Agent or the L C Issuer, as the case may be, by reference to Bloomberg (or such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates), to be the exchange rate for the purchase of such Alternative Currency with Dollars at approximately 11 00 a.m. on the date two (2) Business Days prior to the date as of which the foreign exchange computation is made provided , however , that if no such rate is available, the Alternative Currency Equivalent shall be determined by the Administrative Agent or the L C Issuer, as the case may be, using any reasonable method of determination they deem appropriate in their sole discretion (and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error). 
 
 Alternative Currency Loan means an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, as applicable. 
 
 Alternative Currency Term Rate means, for any Interest Period, with respect to any Credit Extension 
 (a) denominated in Euros, the rate per annum equal to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate EURIBOR ), as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) on the day that is two (2) TARGET Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period 
 (b) denominated in Canadian dollars, the rate per annum equal to the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate CDOR ), as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) (in such case, the CDOR Rate on the Rate Determination Date with a term equivalent to such Interest Period and 
 (c) denominated in any other Alternative Currency (to the extent such Loans denominated in such currency will bear interest at a term rate), the term rate per annum as designated with respect to such Alternative Currency at the time such Alternative Currency is approved by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders pursuant to Section 1.09(a) plus the adjustment (if any) determined by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders pursuant to Section 1.09(a) 
 provided , that, if any Alternative Currency Term Rate shall be less than zero percent (0.0 per annum, then such rate shall be deemed to equal zero percent (0.0 per annum for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the definition of Alternative Currency Term Rate. All Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans must be denominated in an Alternative Currency. 
 
 Applicable Authority means (a) with respect to the BSBY Screen Rate, Bloomberg (or any successor administrator of the BSBY Screen Rate) or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 over the Administrative Agent or Bloomberg with respect to its publication of the BSBY Screen Rate, in each case, acting in such capacity and (b) with respect to any Relevant Rate (other than the BSBY Screen Rate), the applicable administrator for such Relevant Rate or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or such administrator with respect to its publication of such Relevant Rate, in each case, acting in such capacity. 
 
 Applicable Law means, as to any Person, all applicable Laws binding upon such Person or to which such a Person is subject. 
 
 Applicable Percentage means in respect of the Revolving Facility, with respect to any Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Revolving Facility represented by such Lender s Revolving Commitment at such time, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.15 . If the Commitment of all of the Lenders to make Revolving Loans and the obligation of the L C Issuer to make L C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 , or if the Revolving Commitments have expired, then the Applicable Percentage of each Lender in respect of the Revolving Facility shall be determined based on the Applicable Percentage of such Lender in respect of the Revolving Facility most recently in effect, giving effect to any subsequent assignments and to any Lender s status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination. The Applicable Percentage of each Lender in respect of the Revolving Facility is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 1.01 b or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto or in any documentation executed by such Lender pursuant to Section 2.16 , as applicable. 
 
 Applicable Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum set forth in the table below opposite the applicable Level then in effect (based on the Consolidated Leverage Ratio), it being understood that the Applicable Rate for (a) Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans shall be the percentage set forth under the column Base Rate in the table below, (b) Revolving Loans that are BSBY Rate Loans shall be the percentage set forth under the column BSBY Rate in the table below, (c) the Letter of Credit Fee shall be the percentage set forth under the column Letter of Credit Fee in the table below, and (d) the Commitment Fee shall be the percentage set forth under the column Commitment Fee in the table below 
 Pricing Level Consolidated Leverage Ratio BSBY Rate Loans and Alternative Currency Loans Base Rate Letter of Credit Fee Commitment Fee 1 Less than 1.00 to 1.00 
 +1.50 +0.00 1.125 0.25 2 Greater than or equal to 1.00 to 1.00, but less than 2.00 to 1.00 
 +1.75 +0.25 1.125 0.30 3 Greater than or equal to 2.00 to 1.00 
 +2.00 +0.50 1.125 0.35 
 Any increase or decrease in the Applicable Rate resulting from a change in the Consolidated Leverage Ratio shall become effective as of the first Business Day immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 6.02 a provided , however , that if a Compliance Certificate is not delivered when due in accordance with Section 6.02 a ), then, upon the request of the Required Lenders, Pricing Level 3 in the table above shall apply, in each case as of the first Business Day after the date on which such Compliance Certificate was required to have been delivered and in each case 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 shall remain in effect until the first Business Day following the date on which such Compliance Certificate is delivered. In addition, at all times while the Default Rate is in effect, the highest rate set forth in each column in the table above of the Applicable Rate shall apply. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this definition, (i) the determination of the Applicable Rate for any period shall be subject to the provisions of Section 2.10 b ), and (ii) commencing as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, the Applicable Rate shall be set at Pricing Level 1 in the table above until the first (1 st Business Day immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.02 a for the first (1 st fiscal quarter ending after the Third Amendment Effective Date. Any adjustment in the Applicable Rate shall be applicable to all Credit Extensions then existing (other than outstanding Letters of Credit) or subsequently made or issued. 
 
 Applicable Revolving Percentage means with respect to any Lender at any time, such Lender s Applicable Percentage in respect of the Revolving Facility at such time. 
 
 Applicable Time means, with respect to any Borrowings and payments in any Alternative Currency, the local time in the place of settlement for such Alternative Currency as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the L C Issuer, as the case may be, to be necessary for timely settlement on the relevant date in accordance with normal banking procedures in the place of payment. 
 
 Appropriate Lender means, at any time, (a) with respect to the Revolving Facility, a Lender that has a Commitment with respect to such Revolving Facility or holds a Loan under such Revolving Facility at such time, (b) with respect to the Letter of Credit Sublimit, (i) the L C Issuer and (ii) if any Letters of Credit have been issued pursuant to Section 2.03 , the Lenders and (c) with respect to the Swingline Sublimit, (i) the Swingline Lender and (ii) if any Swingline Loans are outstanding pursuant to Section 2.04 a ), the Lenders. 
 
 Approved Fund means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
 
 Arranger means BofA Securities, Inc., in its capacity as sole lead arranger and sole bookrunner. 
 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 11.06 b )), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit B or any other form (including an electronic documentation form generated by use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Attributable Indebtedness means, on any date, (a) in respect of any Financing Lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease or similar payments under the relevant lease or other applicable agreement or instrument that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease or other agreement or instrument were accounted for as a Financing Lease, (c) all Synthetic Debt of such Person, and (d) in respect of any Sale and Leaseback Transaction, the present value (discounted in accordance with GAAP at the debt rate implied in the applicable lease) of the obligations of the lessee for rental payments during the term of such lease. 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Audited Financial Statements means the audited Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018, and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto. 
 
 Authorization to Share Insurance Information means the authorization substantially in the form of Exhibit Q (or such other form as required by each of the Loan Party s insurance companies). 
 
 Auto - Extension Letter of Credit has the meaning specified in Section 2.03 b ). 
 
 Availability Period means in respect of the Revolving Facility, the period from and including the Closing Date to the earliest of (a) the Maturity Date for the Revolving Facility, (b) the date of termination of the Revolving Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06 , and (c) the date of termination of the Commitment of each Lender to make Revolving Loans and of the obligation of the L C Issuer to make L C Credit Extensions pursuant to Section 8.02 . 
 
 Bail - In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 
 Bail - In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, rule, regulation or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 
 Bank of America means Bank of America, N.A. and its successors. 
 
 Base Rate means for any day a fluctuating rate of interest per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 , (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its prime rate, and (c) the BSBY Rate plus 1.00 , subject to the interest rate floors set forth therein provided that if the Base Rate shall be less than zero percent (0.0 per annum, then such rate shall be deemed to equal zero percent (0.0 per annum for purposes of this Agreement. The prime rate is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of America s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. If the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 3.03 hereof, then the Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses a and b above and shall be determined without reference to clause c above. 
 
 Base Rate Loan means a Revolving Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate. All Base Rate Loans shall be denominated in Dollars. 
 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 

Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 
 Bloomberg means Bloomberg Index Services Limited. 
 
 Bonds means the 8,000,000.00 Illinois Development Finance Authority Industrial Development Revenue Bonds (Delta-Unibus, Inc. Project) Series 2001. 
 
 Borrower has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
 
 Borrower Materials has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 n ). 
 
 Borrowing means a Revolving Borrowing or a Swingline Borrowing, as the context may require. 
 
 BSBY means the Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Index rate. 
 
 BSBY Rate means 
 (a) for any Interest Period with respect to a BSBY Rate Loan, the rate per annum equal to the BSBY Screen Rate determined two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period provided that if the rate is not published on such determination date, then BSBY Rate means the BSBY Screen Rate determined on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto and 
 (b) for any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the BSBY Screen Rate two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such date with a term of one month commencing that day provided that if the rate is not published on such determination date, then BSBY Rate means the BSBY Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto 
 provided that if the BSBY Rate determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this definition would otherwise be less than zero percent (0.0 per annum, then the BSBY Rate shall be deemed to equal zero percent (0.0 per annum for purposes of this Agreement. 
 BSBY Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause a of the definition of BSBY Rate. 
 
 BSBY Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b) . 
 
 BSBY Screen Rate means the Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Index rate administered by Bloomberg and published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time). 
 
 BSBY Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b) . 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, either the state where the Administrative Agent s Office is located or, if such date relates to a BSBY Rate Loan, New York City, provided , that 
 
 (a) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in Euro, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in Euro in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan, or any other dealings in Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan, means a Business Day that is also a TARGET Day 
 (b) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in Sterling, means a day other than a day banks are closed for general business in London because such day is a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday under the laws of the United Kingdom 
 (c) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in a currency other than Euro or Sterling, means any such day on which dealings in deposits in the relevant currency are conducted by and between banks in the applicable offshore interbank market for such currency and 
 (d) if such day relates to any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in a currency other than Euro in respect of an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in a currency other than Euro, or any other dealings in any currency other than Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan (other than any interest rate settings), means any such day on which banks are open for foreign exchange business in the principal financial center of the country of such currency. 
 Canadian Dollar and CAD means the lawful currency of Canada. 
 
 Capital Expenditures means, with respect to any Person for any period, any expenditure in respect of the purchase or other acquisition of any fixed or capital asset excluding normal replacements and maintenance which are properly charged to current operations). For purposes of this definition, the purchase price of equipment that is purchased simultaneously with the trade-in of existing equipment or with insurance proceeds shall be included in Capital Expenditures only to the extent of the gross amount by which such purchase price exceeds the credit granted by the seller of such equipment for the equipment being traded in at such time or the amount of such insurance proceeds, as the case may be. 
 
 Cash Collateral shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such Cash Collateral and other credit support. 
 
 Cash Collateralize means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of one or more of the L C Issuer or Swingline Lender (as applicable) or the Lenders, as Collateral for L C Obligations, the Obligations in respect of Swingline Loans, the obligations of the Lenders to fund participations in respect of L C Obligations or Swingline Loans, or the Obligations upon and during a Specified Cash Collateral Trigger Event (in each case, as the context may require), (a) cash or deposit account balances, (b) backstop letters of credit entered into on terms, from issuers and in amounts satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the applicable L C Issuer, and or (c) if the Administrative Agent and the applicable L C Issuer or Swingline Lender (or in the case of a Specified Cash Collateral Trigger Event, the Required Lenders) shall agree, in their sole discretion, other credit support, in each case, in Dollars and pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Administrative Agent and the L C Issuer or the Swingline Lender (or in the case of a Specified Cash Collateral Trigger Event, the Required Lenders) (as applicable). 
 
 Cash Equivalents means any of the following types of Investments, to the extent owned by the Borrower or any of its direct US domestic Subsidiaries free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens) 
 (a) readily marketable obligations issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof having maturities of not more than 360 days from the date of acquisition thereof provided that the full faith and credit of the United States is pledged in support thereof 
 (b) time deposits with, or insured certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances of, (i) any Lender, or (ii) any commercial bank that is not a Lender but who is organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia or is the principal banking subsidiary of a bank holding company organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, and is a member of the Federal Reserve System, who (A) issues (or the parent of which issues) commercial paper rated as described in clause c of this definition and (B) has combined capital and surplus of at least 1,000,000,000, in each case with maturities of not more than one (1) year from the date of acquisition thereof 
 (c) commercial paper rated at least Prime-2 (or the then equivalent grade) by Moody s or at least A-2 (or the then equivalent grade) by S&P, in each case with maturities of not more than 180 days from the date of acquisition thereof and 
 (d) Investments, classified in accordance with GAAP as current assets of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, in money market investment programs registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, which are administered by financial institutions that have the highest rating obtainable from either Moody s or S&P, and the portfolios of which are limited solely to Investments of the character, quality and maturity described in clauses a ), b and c of this definition. 
 Cash Management Agreement means any agreement that is not prohibited by the terms hereof to provide treasury or cash management services, including deposit accounts, overnight draft, credit cards, debit cards, p-cards (including purchasing cards and commercial cards), funds transfer, automated clearinghouse, zero balance accounts, returned check concentration, controlled disbursement, lockbox, account reconciliation and reporting and trade finance services and other cash management services. 
 
 Cash Management Bank means any Person in its capacity as a party to a Cash Management Agreement that, at the time it enters into a Cash Management Agreement with a Loan Party or any Subsidiary, is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, in its capacity as a party to such Cash Management Agreement (even if such Person ceases to be a Lender or such Person s Affiliate ceased to be a Lender) provided , however , that for any of the foregoing to be included as a Secured Cash Management Agreement on any date of determination by the Administrative Agent, the applicable Cash Management Bank (other than the Administrative Agent or an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent) must have delivered a Secured Party Designation Notice to the Administrative Agent prior to such date of determination. 
 
 CFC means a Person that is a controlled foreign corporation under Section 957 of the Code in which the Borrower or any Loan Party is a United States shareholder within the meaning of Section 951 b of the Code. 

Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the Closing Date, of any of the following (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
 
 Change of Control means an event or series of events by which 
 
 (a) any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding (i) any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) and (ii) Tom Powell and his Affiliates becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person or group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time (such right, an option right )), directly or indirectly, of 25 or more of the equity securities of the Borrower entitled to vote for members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the Borrower on a fully-diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities that such person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right) or 
 (b) during any period of 12 consecutive months, a majority of the members of the board of directors or other equivalent governing body of the Borrower cease to be composed of individuals (i) who were members of that board or equivalent governing body on the first day of such period, (ii) whose election or nomination to that board or equivalent governing body was nominated, appointed or approved by individuals referred to in clause (i) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body or (iii) whose election or nomination to that board or other equivalent governing body was nominated, appointed or approved by individuals referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body or 
 (c) any Person or two or more Persons acting in concert (other than Tom Powell and his Affiliates) shall have acquired by contract or otherwise, or shall have entered into a contract or arrangement that, upon consummation thereof, will result in its or their acquisition of the power to exercise, directly or indirectly, a controlling influence over the management or policies of Borrower, or control over the equity securities of Borrower entitled to vote for members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of Borrower on a fully-diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities that such Person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right) representing 25 or more of the combined voting power of such securities. 
 Closing Date means the date hereof. 
 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Collateral means all of the Collateral referred to in the Collateral Documents and all of the other property that is or is intended under the terms of the Collateral Documents to be subject to Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 
 
 Collateral Documents means, collectively, the Security Agreement, the Qualifying Control Agreements, each Joinder Agreement, each of the collateral assignments, security agreements, pledge agreements, account control agreements or other similar agreements delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.14 , and each of the other agreements, instruments or documents that creates or purports to create a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 
 
 Commitment means a Revolving Commitment. 
 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq .), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 
 Communication means this Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document. 
 
 Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C . 
 
 Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with BSBY, the CDOR Rate, EURIBOR, SONIA, or any proposed Successor Rate for an Agreed Currency, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of Base Rate , BSBY , Business Day , the CDOR Rate , EURIBOR , Interest Period and or SONIA , the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definition of Business Day , the timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and the length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, to reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice for such Agreed Currency (or, if the Administrative Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate for such Agreed Currency exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document). 
 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 
 Consolidated means, when used with reference to financial statements or financial statement items of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or any other Person, such statements or items on a consolidated basis in accordance with the consolidation principles of GAAP. 
 
 Consolidated EBITDA means, for any period, the sum of the following determined on a Consolidated basis, without duplication, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, (a) Consolidated Net Income for the most recently completed Measurement Period plus (b) the following to the extent deducted in calculating such Consolidated Net Income (without duplication) (i) Consolidated Interest Charges, (ii) the provision for federal, state, local and foreign income taxes payable, (iii) depreciation and amortization expense, (iv) non-cash charges and losses (excluding such non-cash charges or losses to the extent (A) there were cash charges with respect to such charges and 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 losses in past accounting periods or (B) there is a reasonable expectation that there will be cash charges with respect to such charges and losses in future accounting periods, (v) other non-cash charges approved by Administrative Agent and (vi) any non-cash charges or non-cash expenses incurred pursuant to the Borrower s stock based compensation plans, as reported in the statement of cash flows in the Consolidated financial statements less (c) without duplication and to the extent reflected as a gain or otherwise included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income for such period, non-cash gains (excluding any such non-cash gains to the extent (i) there were cash gains with respect to such gains in past accounting periods or (ii) there is a reasonable expectation that there will be cash gains with respect to such gains in future accounting periods). 
 
 Consolidated Funded Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, for Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis, the sum of (a) the outstanding principal amount of all obligations, whether current or long-term, for borrowed money (including Obligations hereunder) and all obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments, plus (b) all purchase money Indebtedness, plus (c) all direct obligations under Surety Bonds in respect of which demand has been made for performance by the surety, (d) all direct obligations arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers acceptances, bank guaranties, and similar instruments, plus (e) all obligations in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business), plus (f) Attributable Indebtedness in respect of capital leases and Synthetic Lease Obligations, plus (g) without duplication, all Guarantees with respect to outstanding Indebtedness of the types specified in clauses (a) through (f) above of Persons other than Borrower or any Subsidiary, and plus (h) all Indebtedness of the types referred to in clauses (a) through (g) above of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which Borrower or a Subsidiary is a general partner or joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to Borrower or such Subsidiary. 
 
 Consolidated Interest Charges means, for any Measurement Period, the sum of (a) all interest, premium payments, debt discount, fees, charges and related expenses in connection with borrowed money (including capitalized interest) or in connection with the deferred purchase price of assets, in each case to the extent treated as interest in accordance with GAAP, (b) all interest paid or payable with respect to discontinued operations and (c) the portion of rent expense under Financing Leases that is treated as interest in accordance with GAAP, in each case, of or by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis for the most recently completed Measurement Period. 
 
 Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) (i) Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently completed Measurement Period, less (ii) cash federal, state, local and foreign income taxes for Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period, less (iii) actual cash Maintenance Capital Expenditures for such period to (b) Consolidated Interest Charges, in each case, of or by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for the most recently completed Measurement Period. 
 
 Consolidated Leverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Funded Indebtedness as of such date to (b) Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis for the most recently completed Measurement Period. 
 
 Consolidated Net Income means, at any date of determination, the net income (or loss) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis for the most recently completed Measurement Period provided that Consolidated Net Income shall exclude (a) unusual and infrequent gains and unusual and infrequent losses for such Measurement Period, (b) the net income of any Subsidiary during such Measurement Period to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary of such income is not permitted by operation of the terms of its 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Organization Documents or any agreement, instrument or Law applicable to such Subsidiary during such Measurement Period, except that the Borrower s equity in any net loss of any such Subsidiary for such Measurement Period shall be included in determining Consolidated Net Income, and (c) any income (or loss) for such Measurement Period of any Person if such Person is not a Subsidiary, except that the Borrower s equity in the net income of any such Person for such Measurement Period shall be included in Consolidated Net Income up to the aggregate amount of cash actually distributed by such Person during such Measurement Period to the Borrower or a Subsidiary as a dividend or other distribution (and in the case of a dividend or other distribution to a Subsidiary, such Subsidiary is not precluded from further distributing such amount to the Borrower as described in clause b of this proviso). 
 
 Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) the difference of (i) Consolidated Funded Indebtedness excluding Letters of Credit that are secured by Qualified Elective L C Cash Collateral), minus (ii) the lesser of (A) 60,000,000, (B) sixty percent (60.0 of the aggregate amount of readily and immediately available cash on the balance sheet of the Loan Parties held in deposit accounts of any Loan Party (other than Cash Collateral securing the L C Obligations, including, without limitation, Qualified Elective L C Cash Collateral and other than Cash Collateral securing the Obligations that has been provided to, and maintained with, Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.17 as a result of the occurrence of a Specified Cash Collateral Trigger Event), provided , that , such deposit accounts and the funds therein are unencumbered and free and clear of all Liens and other third-party rights (other than a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Collateral Documents and other than Cash Collateral securing the Obligations that has been provided to, and maintained with, Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.17 as a result of the occurrence of a Specified Cash Collateral Trigger Event), and (C) the aggregate face amount of the issued but undrawn amount of Letters of Credit that are not secured by Qualified Elective L C Cash Collateral, as of such date, to (b) Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis for the most recently completed Measurement Period. 
 
 Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, a Person shall be deemed to be Controlled by another Person if such other Person possesses, directly or indirectly, power to vote 10 or more of the securities having ordinary voting power for the election of directors, managing general partners or the equivalent . 
 
 Cost of Acquisition means, with respect to any Acquisition, as at the date of entering into any agreement therefor, the sum of the following (without duplication) (a) the value of the Equity Interests of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to be transferred in connection with such Acquisition, (b) the amount of any cash and fair market value of other property (excluding property described in clause a and the unpaid principal amount of any debt instrument) given as consideration in connection with such Acquisition, (c) the amount (determined by using the face amount or the amount payable at maturity, whichever is greater) of any Indebtedness incurred, assumed or acquired by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection with such Acquisition, (d) all additional purchase price amounts in the form of earnouts and other contingent obligations that should be recorded on the financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP in connection with such Acquisition, (e) all amounts paid in respect of covenants not to compete and consulting agreements that should be recorded on the financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, and other affiliated contracts in connection with such Acquisition, and (f) the aggregate fair market value of all 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 other consideration given by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection with such Acquisition. For purposes of determining the Cost of Acquisition for any transaction, the Equity Interests of the Borrower shall be valued in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Covered Entity means any of the following (a) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) (b) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or (c) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 
 Credit Extension means each of the following (a) a Borrowing and (b) an L C Credit Extension. 
 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, with respect to any applicable determination date, SOFR published on such date by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the benchmark (or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s website (or any successor source). 
 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect. 
 
 Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. 
 
 Default Rate means (a) with respect to any Obligation for which a rate is specified, a rate per annum equal to 2 in excess of the rate otherwise applicable thereto and (b) with respect to any Obligation for which a rate is not specified or available, a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate for Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans plus 2 , in each case, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law. 
 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 
 Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.15 b ), any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans) within two Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer or the Swingline Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause c upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or (d) has, or 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses a through d above, and the effective date of such status, shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.15 b )) as of the date established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written notice of such determination, which shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, the L C Issuer, the Swingline Lender and each other Lender promptly following such determination. 
 
 Designated Jurisdiction means any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory is the subject of any Sanction. 
 
 Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any Sale and Leaseback Transaction), in one (1) transaction or in a series of transactions and whether effected pursuant to a Division or otherwise, of any property by any Loan Party or Subsidiary (or the granting of any option or other right to do any of the foregoing), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. 
 
 Dividing Person has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of Division. 
 
 Division means the division of the assets, liabilities and or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person among two (2) or more Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement), which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive. 
 
 Dollar and mean lawful money of the United States. 
 
 Dollar Equivalent means, for any amount, at the time of determination thereof, (a) if such amount is expressed in Dollars, such amount, (b) if such amount is expressed in an Alternative Currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars determined by using the rate of exchange for the purchase of dollars with the Alternative Currency last provided (either by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent or the L C Issuer, as applicable) by the applicable Bloomberg source (or such other publicly available source for displaying exchange rates) on date that is two Business Days immediately preceding the date of determination (or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide such rate of exchange, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent or the L C Issuer, as applicable using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion), and (c) if such amount is denominated in any other currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent or the L C Issuer, as applicable, using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion. Any determination by the Administrative Agent or the L C Issuer pursuant to clauses b or c above shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia. 
 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause a of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a Subsidiary of an institution described in clauses a or b of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 
 Electronic Copy shall have the meaning specified in Section 11 . 18 . 
 
 Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by fifteen (15) U.S.C. 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 
 Eligible Assignee means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 11.06 (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 11.06 b )( iii )). 
 
 Eligible Currency means any lawful currency other than Dollars that is readily available, freely transferable and convertible into Dollars in the international interbank market available to the Lenders or the L C Issuer, as applicable, in such market and as to which a Dollar Equivalent may be readily calculated. If, after the designation by the Lenders or the L C Issuer, as applicable, of any currency as an Alternative Currency (or if, with respect to any currency that constitutes an Alternative Currency on the Closing Date, after the Closing Date), any change in currency controls or exchange regulations or any change in the national or international financial, political or economic conditions are imposed in the country in which such currency is issued, result in, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent (in the case of any Loans to be denominated in an Alternative Currency) or the L C Issuer (in the case of any Letter of Credit to be denominated in an Alternative Currency), (a) such currency no longer being readily available, freely transferable and convertible into Dollars, (b) a Dollar Equivalent is no longer readily calculable with respect to such currency, (c) providing such currency is impracticable for the Lenders or (d) no longer a currency in which the Lenders are willing to make such Credit Extensions (each of clauses (a) , (b) , (c) , and (d) a Disqualifying Event ), then the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders and the Borrower, and such country s currency shall no longer be an Alternative Currency until such time as the Disqualifying Event(s) no longer exist. Within five Business Days after receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall repay all Loans in such currency to which the Disqualifying Event applies or convert such Loans into the Dollar Equivalent of Loans in Dollars, subject to the other terms contained herein. 
 
 Environment means ambient air, indoor air, surface water, groundwater, drinking water, soil, surface and subsurface strata, and natural resources such as wetland, flora and fauna. 
 
 Environmental Laws means any and all federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws (including common law), regulations, standards, ordinances, rules, judgments, interpretations, orders, decrees, permits, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution or the protection of the 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Environment or human health (to the extent related to exposure to hazardous materials), including those relating to the manufacture, generation, handling, transport, storage, treatment, Release or threat of Release of Hazardous Materials, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems. 
 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities) whether based in contract, tort, implied or express warranty, strict liability, criminal or civil statute or common law, directly or indirectly relating to (a) any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 
 Environmental Permit means any permit, certification, registration, approval, identification number, license or other authorization required under any Environmental Law. 
 
 Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of determination. 
 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Borrower within the meaning of Sections 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). 
 
 ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan (b) the withdrawal of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which such entity was a substantial employer as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA (e) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Pension Plan (f) any event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan (g) the determination that any Pension Plan is considered an at-risk plan or a plan in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Sections 430 , 431 and 432 of the Code or Sections 303 , 304 and 305 of ERISA (h) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate or (i) a failure by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate to meet all applicable requirements under the Pension Funding Rules in respect of a Pension Plan, whether or not waived, or the failure by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 
 Euro and mean the single currency of the Participating Member States. 
 
 Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01 . 
 
 Excluded Property means, with respect to any Loan Party, the Equity Interests of any Foreign Subsidiary of any Loan Party to the extent not required to be pledged to secure the Secured Obligations pursuant to the Collateral Documents. 
 
 Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guaranty of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a Lien to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act (determined after giving effect to Section 10.11 and any other keepwell , support or other agreement for the benefit of such Guarantor and any and all guarantees of such Guarantor s Swap Obligations by other Loan Parties) at the time the Guaranty of such Guarantor, or grant by such Guarantor of a Lien, becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a Master Agreement governing more than one Swap Contract, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to Swap Contracts for which such Guaranty or Lien is or becomes excluded in accordance with the first sentence of this definition. 
 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 11.13 or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Sections 3.01(b) or (d), amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 3.01(f) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA. 
 
 Existing Credit Agreement is defined in the preamble hereto. 
 
 Existing Letters of Credit means those certain letters of credit set forth on Schedule 1.01(d) . 
 
 Extraordinary Receipt means any cash received by or paid to or for the account of any Person not in the ordinary course of business, including tax refunds, pension plan reversions, proceeds of insurance (other than proceeds of business interruption insurance to the extent such proceeds constitute compensation for lost earnings and proceeds of Involuntary Dispositions), indemnity payments and any purchase price adjustments provided , however , that an Extraordinary Receipt shall not include cash receipts from proceeds of insurance or indemnity payments to the extent that such proceeds, awards or 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 payments are received by any Person in respect of any third party claim against such Person and applied to pay (or to reimburse such Person for its prior payment of) such claim and the costs and expenses of such Person with respect thereto. 
 
 Facility means the Revolving Facility. 
 
 Facility Termination Date means the date as of which all of the following shall have occurred (a) the Aggregate Commitments have terminated, (b) all Obligations have been paid in full (other than contingent indemnification obligations), and (c) all Letters of Credit have terminated or expired (other than Letters of Credit as to which other arrangements with respect thereto satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the L C Issuer shall have been made). 
 
 FASB ASC means the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board. 
 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities entered into in connection with the implementation of the foregoing. 
 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such day s federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate provided that if the Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero percent (0.0 per annum, then such rate shall be deemed to equal zero percent (0.0 per annum for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 Fee Letter means (a) the letter agreement, dated September 27, 2019, between the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Arranger, and (b) the letter agreement, dated July 6, 2023, between the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Arranger executed in connection with the Third Amendment. 
 
 Financing Lease means any lease that has been or is required to be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded, classified and accounted for as a financing lease. 
 
 Foreign Lender means (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. For purposes of this definition, the United States, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction. 
 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 
 FRB means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 
 
 Fronting Exposure means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender that is a Lender, (a) with respect to the L C Issuer, such Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of the outstanding L C Obligations other than L C Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof, and (b) with 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 respect to the Swingline Lender, such Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of Swingline Loans other than Swingline Loans as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 
 Fund means any Person (other than a natural Person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. 
 
 Funding Indemnity Letter means a funding indemnity letter, substantially in the form of Exhibit N . 
 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth from time to time in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (or agencies with similar functions of comparable stature and authority within the accounting profession) including, without limitation, the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied and subject to Section 1.03 . 
 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including, without limitation, the Financial Conduct Authority, the Prudential Regulation Authority and any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 
 Guarantee means, as to any Person, (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness of the kind described in clauses (a) through (g) of the definition thereof or other obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness of the kind described in clauses (a) through (g) of the definition thereof or other obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other obligation is assumed or expressly undertaken by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 
 
 Guaranteed Obligations has the meaning set forth in Section 10 . 01 . 

Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Guarantors means, collectively, (a) the Subsidiaries of the Borrower as are or may from time to time become parties to this Agreement pursuant to Section 6 . 13 , and (b) with respect to Additional Secured Obligations owing by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries and any Swap Obligation of a Specified Loan Party (determined before giving effect to Sections 10 . 01 and 10 . 11 under the Guaranty, the Borrower. 
 
 Guaranty means, collectively, the Guarantee made by the Guarantors under Article X in favor of the Secured Parties, together with each other guaranty delivered pursuant to Section 6.13 . 
 
 Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, natural gas, natural gas liquids, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, toxic mold, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances, wastes, chemicals, pollutants, contaminants or compounds of any nature in any form regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 
 Hedge Bank means any Person in its capacity as a party to a Swap Contract that, at the time it enters into a Swap Contract not prohibited under Articles VI or VII , is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, in its capacity as a party to such Swap Contract (even if such Person ceases to be a Lender or such Person s Affiliate ceased to be a Lender) provided , in the case of a Secured Hedge Agreement with a Person who is no longer a Lender (or Affiliate of a Lender), such Person shall be considered a Hedge Bank only through the stated termination date (without extension or renewal) of such Secured Hedge Agreement and provided further that for any of the foregoing to be included as a Secured Hedge Agreement on any date of determination by the Administrative Agent, the applicable Hedge Bank (other than the Administrative Agent or an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent) must have delivered a Secured Party Designation Notice to the Administrative Agent prior to such date of determination. 
 
 IFRS means international accounting standards within the meaning of IAS Regulation 1606 2002 to the extent applicable to the relevant financial statements delivered under or referred to herein. 
 
 Incremental Facility has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a) . 
 
 Indebtedness means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance with GAAP 
 
 (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments 
 (b) all direct or contingent obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds and similar instruments 
 (c) net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract 
 (d) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services 
 (e) indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (f) all Attributable Indebtedness in respect of Financing Leases and Synthetic Lease Obligations of such Person and all Synthetic Debt of such Person 
 (g) all obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of any Equity Interest in such Person or any other Person or any warrant, right or option to acquire such Equity Interest, valued, in the case of a redeemable preferred interest, at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends and 
 (h) all Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing. 
 For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date. 

Indemnified Taxes means all (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a) , Other Taxes. 
 
 Indemnitee has the meaning specified in Section 11.04(b). 
 
 Information has the meaning specified in Section 11.07(a) . 
 
 Intercompany Debt has the meaning specified in Section 7.02(d) . 
 
 Interest Payment Date means (a) as to any BSBY Rate Loan or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date, provided , that if any Interest Period for a BSBY Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan exceeds three months, then the respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates and (b) as to any Base Rate Loan, Swingline Loan or Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date (with Swingline Loans being deemed made under the Revolving Facility for purposes of this definition). 
 
 Interest Period means, as to each BSBY Rate Loan and each Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date such Loan is disbursed or converted to, or continued as, a BSBY Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan and ending on the date that is one (1), three (3) or six (6) months thereafter (in each case, subject to availability for the interest rate applicable to the relevant currency), as selected by the Borrower in its Loan Notice provided that 
 
 (a) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day 
 (b) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period and 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (c) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date. 
 Investment means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of Equity Interests of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or interest in, another Person (including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person and any arrangement pursuant to which the investor guaranties Indebtedness of such other Person), or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of assets of another Person which constitute all or substantially all of the assets of such Person or of a division, line of business or other business unit of such Person. For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment. 
 
 Involuntary Disposition means any loss of, damage to or destruction of, or any condemnation or other taking for public use of, any property of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary. 
 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 
 ISP means the International Standby Practices, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time). 
 
 Issuer Documents means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by the L C Issuer and the Borrower (or any Subsidiary) or in favor of the L C Issuer and relating to such Letter of Credit. 
 
 Joinder Agreement means a joinder agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit D executed and delivered in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.13 . 
 
 Judgment Currency has the meaning specified in Section 11.22 . 
 
 Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. 
 
 L C Advance means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender s funding of its participation in any L C Borrowing in accordance with its Applicable Revolving Percentage. 
 
 L C Borrowing means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed on the date when made or refinanced as a Revolving Borrowing. 
 
 L C Commitment means, with respect to the L C Issuer, the commitment of the L C Issuer to issue Letters of Credit hereunder. The initial amount of the L C Issuer s L C Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.03 . The L C Commitment of the L C Issuer may be modified from time to time by agreement between the L C Issuer and the Borrower, and notified to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 L C Credit Extension means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the amount thereof. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 L C Issuer means Bank of America in its capacity as issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder or any successor issuer thereof, and each other Lender as the Borrower may from time to time select (with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent) as an L C Issuer hereunder pursuant to Section 2.03 provided that such Lender has agreed to be an L C Issuer, or any successor thereof. 
 
 L C Obligations means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L C Borrowings. For purposes of computing the amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06 . For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the amount so remaining available to be drawn. 
 
 Lender means each of the Persons identified as a Lender on the signature pages to the Third Amendment, each other Person that becomes a Lender in accordance with this Agreement and, their successors and assigns and, unless the context requires otherwise, includes the Swingline Lender. 
 
 Lending Office means, as to the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer or any Lender, the office or offices of such Person described as such in such Person s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as such Person may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent which office may include any Affiliate of such Person or any domestic or foreign branch of such Person or such Affiliate. 
 
 Letter of Credit means any letter of credit issued hereunder and shall include the Existing Letters of Credit. A Letter of Credit shall be a standby letter of credit. Letters of Credit may be issued in Dollars or in an Alternative Currency. 
 
 Letter of Credit Application means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the L C Issuer. 
 
 Letter of Credit Cash Collateralization Date means the day that is the earlier of (a) 60 days prior to the Maturity Date then in effect (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day) or (b) the date upon which Administrative Agent declares the Obligations due and payable after the occurrence of an Event of Default. 
 
 Letter of Credit Expiration Date means the day that is seven days prior to the Maturity Date (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day). 
 
 Letter of Credit Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(l) . 
 
 Letter of Credit Sublimit means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the Revolving Facility. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Facility. 
 
 Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or otherwise), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing). 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Liquidity means, when determined, the sum of readily and immediately available cash and Cash Equivalents held in deposit accounts of any Loan Party (other than Cash Collateral securing the L C Obligations, including without limitation, Qualified Elective L C Cash Collateral and other than Cash Collateral securing the Obligations that has been provided to, and maintained with, Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.17 as a result of the occurrence of a Specified Cash Collateral Trigger Event) provided that , such deposit accounts and the funds therein shall be unencumbered and free and clear of all Liens and other third party rights other than a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Collateral Documents. 
 
 Loan means an extension of credit by a Lender to the Borrower under Article II in the form of a Revolving Loan or a Swingline Loan. 
 
 Loan Documents means, collectively, (a) this Agreement, (b) the Notes, (c) the Guaranty, (d) the Collateral Documents, (e) the Fee Letter, (f) each Issuer Document, (g) each Joinder Agreement, (h) any agreement creating or perfecting rights in Cash Collateral pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.14 , and (i) all other certificates, agreements, documents and instruments executed and delivered, in each case, by or on behalf of any Loan Party pursuant to the foregoing (but specifically excluding any Secured Hedge Agreement or any Secured Cash Management Agreement) and any amendments, modifications or supplements thereto or to any other Loan Document or waivers hereof or to any other Loan Document provided, however, that for purposes of Section 11.01 , Loan Documents shall mean this Agreement, the Guaranty and the Collateral Documents. 
 
 Loan Notice means a notice of (a) a Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of BSBY Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02 , which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit E or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 
 
 Loan Parties means, collectively, the Borrower and each Guarantor. 
 
 Maintenance Capital Expenditures means Capital Expenditures made by Borrower and its Subsidiaries that constitute normal replacements and maintenance which are properly charged to current operations of any such Person. 
 
 Mandatory Cost means any amount incurred periodically by any Lender during the term of the Revolving Facility which constitutes fees, costs or charges imposed on lenders generally in the jurisdiction in which such Lender is domiciled, subject to regulation, or has its Lending Office by any Governmental Authority. 
 
 Master Agreement has the meaning set forth in the definition of Swap Contract. 
 
 Material Adverse Effect means (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect upon, the operations, business, properties, liabilities (actual or contingent), condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Borrower or the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole or (b) a material adverse effect on (i) the ability of any Loan Party to perform its Obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party, (ii) the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against any Loan Party of any Loan Document to which it is a party or (iii) the rights, remedies and benefits available to, or conferred upon, the Administrative Agent or any Lender under any Loan Documents. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Maturity Date means October 4, 2028 provided , however , that, in each case, if such date is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day. 
 
 Measurement Period means, at any date of determination, the most recently completed four fiscal quarters of the Borrower (or, for purposes of determining Pro Forma Compliance, the most recently completed four fiscal quarters of the Borrower for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 ). 
 
 Minimum Collateral Amount means, at any time, (a) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances, an amount equal to 105 of the Fronting Exposure of the L C Issuer with respect to Letters of Credit issued and outstanding at such time and (b) otherwise, an amount determined by the Administrative Agent and the L C Issuer in their sole discretion. 
 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 
 Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. 
 
 Multiple Employer Plan means a Plan which has two or more contributing sponsors (including the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate) at least two of whom are not under common control, as such a plan is described in Section 4064 of ERISA. 
 
 Net Cash Proceeds means the aggregate cash or Cash Equivalents proceeds received by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary in respect of any Disposition or Involuntary Disposition, net of (a) direct costs incurred in connection therewith (including, without limitation, legal, accounting and investment banking fees and sales commissions), (b) taxes paid or payable as a result thereof and (c) in the case of any Disposition or any Involuntary Disposition, the amount necessary to retire any Indebtedness secured by a Permitted Lien (ranking senior to any Lien of the Administrative Agent) on the related property it being understood that Net Cash Proceeds shall include, without limitation, any cash or Cash Equivalents received upon the sale or other disposition of any non-cash consideration received by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary in any Disposition or Involuntary Disposition. 
 
 New Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(c) . 
 
 Non - Consenting Lender means any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (a) requires the approval of all Lenders or all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 11.01 and (b) has been approved by the Required Lenders. 
 
 Non - Defaulting Lender means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 
 
 Non - BSBY Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(c) . 
 
 Non - Extension Notice Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.03 b . 
 
 Note means a Revolving Note. 
 
 Notice of Loan Prepayment means a notice of prepayment with respect to a Loan, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit R or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer. 
 
 Obligations means (a) all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan, or Letter of Credit and (b) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with enforcement and collection of the foregoing, including the fees, charges and disbursements of counsel, in each case whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest, expenses and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof pursuant to any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest, expenses and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding provided that, without limiting the foregoing, the Obligations of a Guarantor shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to such Guarantor. 
 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 
 
 Officer s Certificate means a certificate substantially the form of Exhibit L or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Organization Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the charter or certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement or limited liability company agreement (or equivalent or comparable documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization (or equivalent or comparable documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) and (d) with respect to all entities, any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization (or equivalent or comparable documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction). 
 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.06 ). 
 
 Outstanding Amount means (a) with respect to Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans on any date, the Dollar Equivalent amount of the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any Borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans, as the case may be, occurring on such date and (b) with respect to any L C Obligations on any date, the Dollar Equivalent amount of the aggregate outstanding amount of such L C Obligations on such date after giving effect to any L C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 amount of the L C Obligations as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements by the Borrower of Unreimbursed Amounts. 
 
 Overnight Rate means, for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the greater of (i) the Federal Funds Rate and (ii) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer, or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in an Alternative Currency, an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent or the L C Issuer, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 
 Participant has the meaning specified in Section 11.06(d) . 
 
 Participant Register has the meaning specified in Section 11.06(d) . 
 
 Participating Member State means any member state of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union. 
 
 Patriot Act has the meaning specified in Section 11.19 . 
 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
 
 Pension Funding Rules means the rules of the Code and ERISA regarding minimum funding standards with respect to Pension Plans and set forth in Sections 412 , 430 , 431 , 432 and 436 of the Code and Sections 302 , 303 , 304 and 305 of ERISA. 
 
 Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (including a Multiple Employer Plan or a Multiemployer Plan) that is maintained or is contributed to by the Borrower and any ERISA Affiliate or with respect to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has any liability and is either covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code. 
 
 Permitted Acquisition means an Acquisition by a Loan Party (the Person or division, line of business or other business unit of the Person to be acquired in such Acquisition shall be referred to herein as the Target ), in each case that is a type of business (or assets used in a type of business) permitted to be engaged in by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, in each case so long as 
 (a) no Default shall then exist or would exist after giving effect thereto 
 
 (b) the Loan Parties shall demonstrate to the reasonable satisfaction of the Administrative Agent that, after giving effect to the Acquisition on a Pro Forma Basis, (i) the Loan Parties are in Pro Forma Compliance (including, without limitation, Pro Forma Compliance with Section 7.11(c) ), and (ii) the Consolidated Leverage Ratio shall not be greater than 2.50 to 1.00 
 (c) the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, shall have received (or shall receive in connection with the closing of such Acquisition) a first priority perfected security interest in all Equity Interests of the Target that constitutes a Domestic Subsidiary of Borrower in accordance with the terms of Section 6.13 and the Target, if a Domestic Subsidiary of Borrower, shall have executed a Joinder Agreement in accordance with the terms of Section 6.13 and 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (d) the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received not less than 30 days prior to the consummation of any such Acquisition (i) a description of the material terms of such Acquisition, (ii) audited financial statements (or, if unavailable, management-prepared financial statements) of the Target for its two most recent fiscal years and for any fiscal quarters ended within the fiscal year to date, (iii) Consolidated projected income statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (giving effect to such Acquisition), and (iv) not less than five Business Days prior to the consummation of any Permitted Acquisition, a Permitted Acquisition Certificate, executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that such Permitted Acquisition complies with the requirements of this Agreement 
 (e) RESERVED 
 (f) such Acquisition shall not be a hostile Acquisition and shall have been approved by the board of directors (or equivalent) and or shareholders (or equivalent) of the applicable Loan Party and the Target and 
 (g) the Cost of Acquisition paid by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries for all Acquisitions made during the term of this Agreement shall not exceed 75,000,000 provided , further , that any earnouts or similar deferred or contingent obligations of the Borrower in connection with such Acquisition shall be subordinated to the Obligations in a manner and to the extent reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Permitted Acquisition Certificate means a certificate substantially the form of Exhibit F or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Permitted Liens has the meaning set forth in Section 7.01 . 
 
 Permitted Tax Distributions means 
 
 (a) for any taxable period in which the Borrower and or any of its Subsidiaries is a member of a consolidated, combined or similar income tax group of which a direct or indirect parent of the Borrower is the common parent (a Tax Group ), distributions by Borrower to such direct or indirect parent of Borrower to pay federal, foreign, state and local income Taxes of such Tax Group that are attributable to the taxable income of the Borrower and or its Subsidiaries provided that, for each taxable period, the amount of such payments made in respect of such taxable period in the aggregate shall not exceed the amount that the Borrower and the Subsidiaries would have been required to pay as a stand-alone Tax Group, reduced by any portion of such income Taxes directly paid by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or 
 
 (b) with respect to any taxable year (or portion thereof) with respect to which the Borrower is a partnership or disregarded entity for U.S. federal, state and or local income tax purposes, distributions to the Borrower s direct owner(s) in an aggregate amount equal to the product of (i) the net taxable income of the Borrower for such taxable year (or portion thereof), reduced by any cumulative net taxable loss with respect to all prior taxable years (or portions thereof) beginning after the date hereof (determined as if all such periods were one period) to the extent such cumulative net taxable loss is of a character (ordinary or capital) that would permit such loss to be deducted against the income of the taxable year in question (or portion thereof) and (ii) the highest combined marginal federal and applicable state and or local income tax rate (taking into account, to the extent applicable, the deductibility of state and local income taxes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the deduction for qualified business income under Section 199A of the Code, and the character of the taxable income in question (i.e., long term 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 capital gain, qualified dividend income, etc.)) applicable to any direct owner (or, if a direct owner is a pass-through entity, indirect owner) of the Borrower for the taxable year in question (or portion thereof). 
 Permitted Transfers means (a) Dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of business (b) Dispositions of property to the Borrower or any Subsidiary provided , that if the transferor of such property is a Loan Party then the transferee thereof must be a Loan Party (c) Dispositions of accounts receivable in connection with the collection or compromise thereof (d) licenses, sublicenses, leases or subleases granted to others not interfering in any material respect with the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and (e) the sale or disposition of Cash Equivalents for fair market value. 
 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 
 Plan means any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA (including a Pension Plan), maintained for employees of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate or any such Plan to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is required to contribute on behalf of any of its employees. 
 
 Platform has the meaning specified in Section 6.02(n) . 
 
 Pledged Equity has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement. 
 
 Pro Forma Basis and Pro Forma Effect means, for any Disposition of all or substantially all of a division or a line of business or for any Acquisition, whether actual or proposed, for purposes of determining compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 7.11 , each such transaction or proposed transaction shall be deemed to have occurred on and as of the first day of the relevant Measurement Period, and the following pro forma adjustments shall be made 
 
 (a) in the case of an actual or proposed Disposition, all income statement items (whether positive or negative) attributable to the line of business or the Person subject to such Disposition shall be excluded from the results of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Measurement Period 
 (b) in the case of an actual or proposed Acquisition, income statement items (whether positive or negative) attributable to the property, line of business or the Person subject to such Acquisition shall be included in the results of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Measurement Period 
 (c) in the case of a Restricted Payment, all cash to be paid to consummate such Restricted Payment shall be included in the results of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Measurement Period 
 (d) interest accrued during the relevant Measurement Period on, and the principal of, any Indebtedness repaid or to be repaid or refinanced in such transaction shall be excluded from the results of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Measurement Period and 
 (e) any Indebtedness actually or proposed to be incurred or assumed in such transaction shall be deemed to have been incurred as of the first day of the applicable Measurement Period, and interest thereon shall be deemed to have accrued from such day on such Indebtedness at the applicable rates provided therefor (and in the case of interest that does or 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 would accrue at a formula or floating rate, at the rate in effect at the time of determination) and shall be included in the results of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Measurement Period. 
 Pro Forma Compliance means, with respect to any transaction, that such transaction does not cause, create or result in a Default after giving Pro Forma Effect, based upon the results of operations for the most recently completed Measurement Period to (a) such transaction and (b) all other transactions which are contemplated or required to be given Pro Forma Effect hereunder that have occurred on or after the first day of the relevant Measurement Period. 
 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 
 Public Lender has the meaning specified in Section 6.02(n) . 
 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 
 QFC Credit Support has the meaning specified in Section 11.21 . 
 
 Qualified ECP Guarantor means, at any time, each Loan Party with total assets exceeding 10,000,000 or that qualifies at such time as an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act and can cause another Person to qualify as an eligible contract participant at such time under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 
 Qualifying Control Agreement means an agreement, among a Loan Party, a depository institution or securities intermediary and the Administrative Agent, which agreement is in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent and which provides the Administrative Agent with control (as such term is used in Article 9 of the UCC) over the deposit account(s) or securities account(s) described therein. 
 
 Qualified Elective L C Cash Collateral means, Cash Collateral that has been provided by the Borrower, at its election, to Cash Collateralize all or a portion of the L C Obligations subject at all times to the following requirements in each case for each applicable Letter of Credit (a) such Cash Collateral shall Cash Collateralize such applicable L C Obligations for a period of the lesser of (i) one (1) year from the date of such Cash Collateralization and (ii) the applicable L C expiry date, subject to release at the Borrower s election upon satisfaction of the Qualified Elective L C Cash Collateral Release Requirements and (b) such Cash Collateral shall be pledged to the L C Issuer and held by such L C Issuer in a non-interest bearing blocked account with L C Issuer subject to a Qualifying Control Agreement in a minimum amount equal to (A) for Letters of Credit issued in Dollars, 102 of the amount of the L C Obligations associated with such Letter of Credit, and (B) for Letters of Credit issued in Alternative Currency, 120 of the amount of the L C Obligations associated with such Letter of Credit provided that , notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no amount of Qualified Elective L C Cash Collateral shall constitute Liquidity. 
 
 Qualified Elective L C Cash Collateral Release Requirements means, provided that no Event of Default then exists or would arise as a result, compliance by the Borrower of the financial covenants under Section 7.11 below for the fiscal quarter period last ended as demonstrated in a Compliance Certificate delivered by the Borrower to Administrative Agent. 
 
 Rate Determination Date means two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period (or such other day as is generally treated as the rate fixing day by market practice in the 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 applicable interbank market, as determined by the Administrative Agent provided that, to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then Rate Determination Date means such other day as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent). 
 
 Recipient means the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the L C Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder. 
 
 Register has the meaning specified in Section 11.06(c) . 
 
 Regulation U means Regulation U of the FRB, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors, consultants, service providers and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 
 
 Release means any release, spill, emission, discharge, deposit, disposal, leaking, pumping, pouring, dumping, emptying, injection or leaching into the Environment, or into, from or through any building, structure or facility. 
 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 
 
 Relevant Rate means, with respect to any Credit Extension denominated in (a) Dollars, the BSBY Screen Rate, (b) Sterling, SONIA, (c) Euros, EURIBOR, and (e) Canadian Dollars, the CDOR Rate, as applicable. 
 
 Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30 day notice period has been waived. 
 
 Request for Credit Extension means (a) with respect to a Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Revolving Loans, a Loan Notice, (b) with respect to an L C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application, and (c) with respect to a Swingline Loan, a Swingline Loan Notice. 
 
 Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Total Credit Exposures representing more than 66 of the Total Credit Exposures of all Lenders. The Total Credit Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Lenders at any time provided that, the amount of any participation in any Swingline Loan and Unreimbursed Amounts that such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund that have not been reallocated to and funded by another Lender shall be deemed to be held by the Lender that is the Swingline Lender or the L C Issuer, as the case may be, in making such determination. 
 
 Rescindable Amount has the meaning as defined in Section 2.12(b)(ii) . 
 
 Resignation Effective Date has the meaning set forth in Section 9.06(a) . 
 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller of a Loan Party, solely for purposes of the delivery of incumbency certificates pursuant to Section 4.01(b) , the secretary or any assistant secretary of a Loan Party and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II , any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the applicable Loan Party and the Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. To the extent requested by the Administrative Agent, each Responsible Officer will provide an incumbency certificate and to the extent requested by the Administrative Agent, appropriate authorization documentation, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Restricted Payment means (a) any dividend or other distribution (including, without limitation, Permitted Tax Distributions), direct or indirect, on account of any shares (or equivalent) of any class of Equity Interests of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, now or hereafter outstanding, (b) any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, of any shares (or equivalent) of any class of Equity Interests of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, now or hereafter outstanding, and (c) any payment made to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options or other rights to acquire shares of any class of Equity Interests of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, now or hereafter outstanding. 
 
 Revaluation Date means (a) with respect to any Loan, each of the following (i) each date of a Borrowing of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, (ii) with respect to an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, each Interest Payment Date, (iii) each date of a continuation of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan pursuant to Section 2.02 , and (iv) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require and (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit, each of the following (i) each date of issuance, amendment and or extension of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, (ii) each date of any payment by the L C Issuer under any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, (iii) in the case of all Existing Letters of Credit denominated in Alternative Currencies, the Closing Date, and (iv) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent or the L C Issuer shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require. 
 
 Revolving Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Revolving Loans of the same Type and, in the case of BSBY Rate Loans and Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01 . 
 
 Revolving Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to (a) make Revolving Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01 , (b) purchase participations in L C Obligations, and (c) purchase participations in Swingline Loans, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 1.01 b under the caption Commitment or opposite such caption in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. The aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments of all of the Lenders on the Third Amendment Effective Date is 150,000,000. 
 
 Revolving Exposure means, as to any Lender at any time, the aggregate principal amount at such time of its outstanding Revolving Loans and such Lender s participation in L C Obligations and Swingline Loans at such time. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Revolving Facility means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the Lenders Revolving Commitments at such time. 
 
 Revolving Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2 . 01 . 
 
 Revolving Note means a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of a Lender evidencing Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans, as the case may be, made by such Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit G . 
 
 S&P means Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of S&P Global Inc., and any successor thereto. 
 
 Sale and Leaseback Transaction means, with respect to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, any arrangement, directly or indirectly, with any Person whereby such Loan Party or such Subsidiary shall sell or transfer any property used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property being sold or transferred. 
 
 Same Day Funds means (a) with respect to disbursements and payments in Dollars, immediately available funds, and (b) with respect to disbursements and payments in an Alternative Currency, same day or other funds as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the L C Issuer, as the case may be, to be customary in the place of disbursement or payment for the settlement of international banking transactions in the relevant Alternative Currency. 
 
 Sanction s means any sanction administered or enforced by the United States Government (including, without limitation, OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majesty s Treasury HMT or other relevant sanctions authority. 
 
 Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(c) . 
 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
 
 Second Amendment means that certain Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Borrower, the Guarantors, the Lenders, the L C Issuer and the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Second Amendment Effective Date means March 31, 2023. 
 
 Secured Cash Management Agreement means any Cash Management Agreement between the any Loan Party and any of its Subsidiaries and any Cash Management Bank. 
 
 Secured Hedge Agreement means any interest rate, currency, foreign exchange, or commodity Swap Contract required by or not prohibited under Article VI or VII between any Loan Party and any of its Subsidiaries and any Hedge Bank. 
 
 Secured Obligations means all Obligations and all Additional Secured Obligations. 
 
 Secured Parties means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the L C Issuer, the Hedge Banks, the Cash Management Banks, the Indemnitees and each co-agent or sub-agent appointed by the Administrative Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 9.05 . 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Secured Party Designation Notice means a notice from any Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender substantially in the form of Exhibit H . 
 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, including all amendments thereto and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Security Agreement means the security and pledge agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, executed in favor of the Administrative Agent by each of the Loan Parties. 
 
 Shareholders Equity means, as of any date of determination, consolidated shareholders equity of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such date, determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 SOFR means the secured overnight financing rate. 
 
 SOFR Adjustment means (a) with respect to Daily Simple SOFR, (i) 0.10 (10 basis points) for any applicable monthly payment period, and (ii) 0.10 (10 basis points) for any applicable quarterly payment period and (b) with respect to Term SOFR, (i) 0.10 (10 basis points) for an interest period of one-month s duration, (ii) 0.10 (10 basis points) for an interest period of three-month s duration, and (iii) 0.10 (10 basis points) for an interest period of six-months duration. 
 
 Solvency Certificate means a solvency certificate in substantially in the form of Exhibit I . 
 
 Solvent and Solvency mean, with respect to any Person on any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person s ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature, (d) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Person s property would constitute an unreasonably small capital, and (e) such Person is able to pay its debts and liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments as they mature in the ordinary course of business. The amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 
 
 SONIA means, with respect to any applicable determination date, the Sterling Overnight Index Average Reference Rate published on the fifth (5 th Business Day preceding such date on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) provided , however , that if such determination date is not a Business Day, SONIA means such rate that applied on the first (1 st Business Day immediately prior thereto. 
 
 SONIA Adjustment means, with respect to SONIA, 0.0326 (3.26 basis points) per annum. 
 
 Special Notice Currency means at any time an Alternative Currency, other than the currency of a country that is a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development at such time located in North America or Europe. 
 
 Specified Cash Collateral Threshold Amount means, as to a Specified Cash Collateral Trigger Event based on written notice of a customer s dispute and the filing of a claim for indemnity, performance 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 or payment under an applicable Surety Bond as a result of the Borrower or the Borrower s Subsidiary s breach under the underlying contract, 40,000,000 for such claim. 
 
 Specified Cash Collateral Trigger Event means the Borrower receiving written notice from one or more issuers of Surety Bonds in an amount individually equal to or greater than the Specified Cash Collateral Threshold Amount and the Borrower s or the Borrower s Subsidiary s customer on a contract that is supported by a Surety Bond has asserted in writing such customer s dispute and has filed a claim in respect of such applicable Surety Bond that one or more defaults or events of default (or similar or analogous designations) has or have occurred under such applicable contract. 
 
 Specified Cash Collateral Trigger Event Standstill Period means a period commencing on the occurrence a Specified Cash Collateral Trigger Event and ending on the earlier to occur of (a) the date that the Borrower reasonably and in good faith has determined that the underlying disputes or claims asserted which gave rise to such Specified Cash Collateral Trigger Event have been settled or resolved and the Borrower has commenced corrective actions according to such settlement or resolution, in either case as certified in writing by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent accompanied by documentation or other support therefor reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, and (b) ninety (90) days from the occurrence of such Specified Cash Collateral Trigger Event. 
 
 Specified Loan Party means any Loan Party that is not then an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act (determined prior to giving effect to Section 10.11 ). 
 
 Sterling and mean the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
 
 Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of Voting Stock is at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower. 
 
 Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b) . 
 
 Supported QFC has the meaning specified in Section 11.21 . 
 
 Surety Bond means indemnity or performance bonds a Loan Party causes to be issued in the ordinary course of its business. 
 
 Swap Contract means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Swap Obligations means with respect to any Guarantor any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 
 Swap Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause a ), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). 
 
 Swingline Borrowing means a borrowing of a Swingline Loan pursuant to Section 2.04 . 
 
 Swingline Commitment means, as to any Lender (a) the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2 . 01 hereof or (b) if such Lender has entered into an Assignment and Assumption or has otherwise assumed a Swingline Commitment after the Closing Date, the amount set forth for such Lender as its Swingline Commitment in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 11.06 c ). 
 
 Swingline Lender means Bank of America, in its capacity as provider of Swingline Loans, or any successor swingline lender hereunder. 
 
 Swingline Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(a) . 
 
 Swingline Loan Notice means a notice of a Swingline Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.04(b) , which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit J or such other form as approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 
 
 Swingline Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) 3,000,000 and (b) the Revolving Facility. The Swingline Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Facility. 
 
 Synthetic Debt means, with respect to any Person as of any date of determination thereof, all obligations of such Person in respect of transactions entered into by such Person that are intended to function primarily as a borrowing of funds but are not otherwise included in the definition of Indebtedness or as a liability on the Consolidated balance sheet of such Person and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Synthetic Lease Obligation means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease, or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property (including Sale and Leaseback Transactions), in each case, creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the application of any Debtor Relief Laws to such Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment). 
 
 T2 means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Target has the meaning set forth in the definition of Permitted Acquisition . 
 
 TARGET Day means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. 
 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 
 Term SOFR means, for the applicable corresponding Interest Period of BSBY (or, if any Interest Period does not correspond to an interest period applicable to SOFR, the closest corresponding interest period of SOFR, and, if such interest period of SOFR corresponds equally to two (2) Interest Periods of BSBY, the corresponding interest period of the shorter duration shall be applied), the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 
 
 Third Amendment means that certain Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Borrower, the Guarantors, the Lenders, the L C Issuer and the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Third Amendment Effective Date means October 4, 2023. 
 
 Threshold Amount means 1,000,000. 
 
 Total Credit Exposure means, as to any Lender at any time, the unused Commitments and Revolving Exposure of such Lender at such time. 
 
 Total Revolving Exposure means, as to any Lender at any time, the unused Commitments and Revolving Exposure of such Lender at such time. 
 
 Total Revolving Outstandings means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Loans, Swingline Loans and L C Obligations. 
 
 Type means, with respect to a Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan, an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan or a BSBY Rate Loan. 
 
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of Texas provided that, if perfection or the effect of perfection or non-perfection or the priority of any security interest in any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of Texas, UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such perfection, effect of perfection or non-perfection or priority. 
 
 UCP means the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time). 
 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 
 United States and U.S. mean the United States of America. 
 
 Unreimbursed Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(f). 
 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any Business Day, except any Business Day on which any of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, the New York Stock Exchange or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business because such day is a legal holiday under the federal laws of the United States or the laws of the State of New York, as applicable. 
 
 U.S. Loan Party means any Loan Party that is organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof for the District of Columbia. 
 
 U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 
 U.S. Special Resolution Regimes has the meaning specified in Section 11.21 . 
 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(f)(ii)(B)(3) . 
 
 Voting Stock means, with respect to any Person, Equity Interests issued by such Person the holders of which are ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, entitled to vote for the election of directors (or persons performing similar functions) of such Person, even though the right to so vote has been suspended by the happening of such contingency. 
 
 Withholding Agent means the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 
 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions . With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document 
 (a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including the Loan Documents and any Organization Document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, amended and restated, modified, extended, restated, replaced or 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 supplemented from time to time (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (iii) the words hereto, herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Preliminary Statements, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Preliminary Statements, Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory rules, regulations, orders and provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting such law and any reference to any law, rule or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law, rule or regulation as amended, modified, extended, restated, replaced or supplemented from time to time, and (vi) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 
 (b) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including the words to and until each mean to but excluding and the word through means to and including. 
 (c) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (d)Any reference herein to a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a division of or by a limited liability company, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company (or the unwinding of such a division or allocation), as if it were a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any division of a limited liability company shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each division of any limited liability company that is a Subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entity). 
 1.03 Accounting Terms . 
 (a) Generally . All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the Audited Financial Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, (i) Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be carried at 100 of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded and (ii) all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, without giving effect to any election under FASB ASC Topic 825 Financial Instruments (or any other financial accounting standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein. For purposes of determining the amount of any outstanding Indebtedness, no effect shall be given to (x) any election by the Borrower to measure an item of Indebtedness using fair value (as permitted by Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25 (formerly known as FASB 159) or any similar accounting standard) or (y) any change in accounting for leases pursuant to GAAP resulting from the implementation of Financial Accounting Standards Board ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), to 

Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 the extent such adoption would require recognition of a lease liability where such lease (or similar arrangement) would not have required a lease liability under GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2015. 
 
 (b) Changes in GAAP . If at any time any change in GAAP (including the adoption of IFRS) would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders) provided that, until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. 
 (c) Pro Forma Treatment . Each Disposition of all or substantially all of a line of business, and each Acquisition, by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that is consummated during any Measurement Period shall, for purposes of determining compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 7.11 and for purposes of determining the Applicable Rate, be given Pro Forma Effect as of the first day of such Measurement Period. 
 1.04 Rounding . Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). 
 1.05 Times of Day . Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Central time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 
 1.06 Letter of Credit Amounts . Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time provided , however , that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time. 
 1.07 UCC Terms . Terms defined in the UCC in effect on the Closing Date and not otherwise defined herein shall, unless the context otherwise indicates, have the meanings provided by those definitions. Subject to the foregoing, the term UCC refers, as of any date of determination, to the UCC then in effect. 
 1.08 Exchange Rates Currency Equivalents . 
 (a) The Administrative Agent or the L C Issuer, as applicable, shall determine the Dollar Equivalent amounts of Credit Extensions and Outstanding Amounts denominated in Alternative Currencies. Such Dollar Equivalent shall become effective as of such Revaluation Date and shall be the Dollar Equivalent of such amounts until the next Revaluation Date to occur. Except for purposes of financial statements delivered by Loan Parties hereunder or calculating financial covenants hereunder or except as otherwise provided herein, the applicable amount of any currency (other than Dollars) for 

Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 purposes of the Loan Documents shall be such Dollar Equivalent amount as so determined by the Administrative Agent or the L C Issuer, as applicable. 
 
 (b) Wherever in this Agreement in connection with a Borrowing, conversion, continuation or prepayment of an Alternative Currency Loan or the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in Dollars, but such Borrowing, Alternative Currency Loan or Letter of Credit is denominated in an Alternative Currency, such amount shall be the relevant Alternative Currency Equivalent of such Dollar amount (rounded to the nearest unit of such Alternative Currency, with 0.5 of a unit being rounded upward), as determined by the Administrative Agent or the L C Issuer, as the case may be. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to any reference rate referred to herein, the selection of rates, any related spread or adjustment or with respect to any rate that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any of such rates (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions or other activities that affect any reference rate referred to herein, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or any related spread or other adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any reference rate referred to herein or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing), in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or other action or omission related to or affecting the selection, determination, or calculation of any rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 1.09 Additional Alternative Currencies . 
 (a) The Borrower may from time to time request that Alternative Currency Loans be made and or Letters of Credit be issued in a currency other than those specifically listed in the definition of Alternative Currency provided that such requested currency is an Eligible Currency. In the case of any such request with respect to the making of Alternative Currency Loans, such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and each Lender with a Commitment under which such currency is requested to be made available and in the case of any such request with respect to the issuance of Letters of Credit, such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and the L C Issuer. 
 (b) Any such request shall be made to the Administrative Agent by not later than 11 00 a.m., 20 Business Days prior to the date of the desired Credit Extension (or by such other time or date as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent and, in the case of any such request pertaining to Letters of Credit, the L C Issuer, in its or their sole discretion). In the case of any such request pertaining to Alternative Currency Loans, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Appropriate Lender thereof and in the case of any such request pertaining to Letters of Credit, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the L C Issuer thereof. Each Appropriate Lender (in the case of any such request pertaining to Alternative Currency Loans) or the L C Issuer (in the case of a request pertaining to Letters of Credit) shall notify the Administrative Agent, by not later than 11 00 a.m., 10 Business Days after receipt of such 

Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 request, whether it consents, in its sole discretion, to the making of Alternative Currency Loans or the issuance of Letters of Credit, as the case may be, in such requested currency. 
 
 (c) Any failure by a Lender or the L C Issuer, as the case may be, to respond to such request within the time period specified in the preceding sentence shall be deemed to be a refusal by such Lender or the L C Issuer, as the case may be, to permit Alternative Currency Loans to be made or Letters of Credit to be issued in such requested currency. If the Administrative Agent and all the Appropriate Lenders consent to making Alternative Currency Loans in such requested currency and the Administrative Agent and such Lenders reasonably determine that an appropriate interest rate is available to be used for such requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Borrower and (i) the Administrative Agent and such Lenders may amend the definitions of Alternative Currency Daily Rate and or Alternative Currency Term Rate to the extent necessary to add the applicable rate for such currency and any applicable adjustment for such rate, and (ii) to the extent the definitions of Alternative Currency Daily Rate and or Alternative Currency Term Rate (as applicable) have been amended to reflect the appropriate rate for such currency, such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative Currency for purposes of any Borrowings of Alternative Currency Loans. If the Administrative Agent and the L C Issuer consent to the issuance of Letters of Credit in such requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Borrower, and (iii) the Administrative Agent and the L C Issuer may amend the definitions of Alternative Currency Daily Rate and or Alternative Currency Term Rate (as applicable) to the extent necessary to add the applicable rate for such currency and any applicable adjustment for such rate, and (iv) to the extent the definitions of Alternative Currency Daily Rate and or Alternative Currency Term Rate (as applicable) have been amended to reflect the appropriate rate for such currency, such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative Currency, for purposes of any Letter of Credit issuances. If the Administrative Agent shall fail to obtain consent to any request for an additional currency under this Section 1.09 , the Administrative Agent shall promptly so notify the Borrower. Any specified currency of an Existing Letter of Credit that is neither Dollars nor one of the Alternative Currencies specifically listed in the definition of Alternative Currency shall be deemed an Alternative Currency with respect to such Existing Letter of Credit only. 
 1.10 Change of Currency . 
 (a) Each obligation of the Borrower to make a payment denominated in the national currency unit of any member state of the European Union that adopts the Euro as its lawful currency after the date hereof shall be redenominated into Euro at the time of such adoption. If, in relation to the currency of any such member state, the basis of accrual of interest expressed in this Agreement in respect of that currency shall be inconsistent with any convention or practice in the London interbank market for the basis of accrual of interest in respect of the Euro, such expressed basis shall be replaced by such convention or practice with effect from the date on which such member state adopts the Euro as its lawful currency provided that, if any Borrowing in the currency of such member state is outstanding immediately prior to such date, such replacement shall take effect, with respect to such Borrowing, at the end of the then current Interest Period. 
 (b) Each provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect the adoption of the Euro by any member state of the European Union and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the Euro. 
 (c) Each provision of this Agreement also shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect a change in currency of any other country and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the change in currency. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 II. COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS . 
 2.01 Loans . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make loans (each such loan, a Revolving Loan to the Borrower, in Dollars or in one or more Alternative Currencies, from time to time, on any Business Day during the Availability Period, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lender s Revolving Commitment provided, however, that after giving effect to any Revolving Borrowing, (i) the Total Revolving Outstandings shall not exceed the Revolving Facility, and (ii) the Revolving Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed such Lender s Revolving Commitment. Within the limits of each Lender s Revolving Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow Revolving Loans, prepay under Section 2.05, and reborrow under this Section 2.01. Revolving Loans may be Base Rate Loans, BSBY Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Loans, as further provided herein provided, however, Alternative Currency Loans will be Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans. 
 2.02 Borrowings , Conversions and Continuations of Loans . 
 (a) Notice of Borrowing . Each Borrowing, each conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of BSBY Rate Loans and or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be given by (i) telephone or (ii) a Loan Notice provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed immediately by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Loan Notice. Each such Loan Notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11 00 a.m. (A) three Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of BSBY Rate Loans or of any conversion of BSBY Rate Loans to Base Rate Loans, (B) four Business Days (or five Business Days in the case of a Special Notice Currency) prior to the requested date of any Borrowing or continuation of Alternative Currency Loans, and (C) on the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans. Each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of BSBY Rate Loans and or Alternative Currency Loans shall be in a principal amount of the Dollar Equivalent of 500,000 or a whole multiple of the Dollar Equivalent of 100,000 in excess thereof. Except as provided in Sections 2.03 c and 2.04 c ), each Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of the Dollar Equivalent of 500,000 or a whole multiple of the Dollar Equivalent of 100,000 in excess thereof. Each Loan Notice and each telephonic notice shall specify (I) the Revolving Facility and whether the Borrower is requesting a Borrowing, a conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Loans, as the case may be, under the Revolving Facility, (II) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (III) the principal amount of Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (IV) the Type of Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Loans are to be converted, (V) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto, and (VI) the currency of the Loans to be borrowed. If the Borrower fails to specify a currency in a Loan Notice requesting a Borrowing, then the Loans so requested shall be made in Dollars. If the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Loan in a Loan Notice or if the Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Base Rate Loans provided , however , that in the case of a failure to timely request a continuation of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, such Loans shall be continued as Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans in their original currency with an Interest Period of one month. If the Borrower requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of BSBY Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans in any such Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, a Swingline Loan may not be converted to a BSBY Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Loan. Except as provided pursuant to Section 2.12 a ), no Loan may be converted into or continued as a Loan denominated in a different currency, but instead must be repaid in the original currency of such Loan and reborrowed in the other currency. 

Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (b) Advances . Following receipt of a Loan Notice for the Revolving Facility, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Appropriate Lender of the amount (and currency) of its Applicable Percentage under the Revolving Facility of the applicable Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Appropriate Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans or continuation of Loans denominated in a currency other than Dollars, in each case as described in Section 2.02 . In the case of a Borrowing, each Appropriate Lender shall make the amount of its Loan available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds at the Administrative Agent s Office for the applicable currency not later than 1 00 p.m., in the case of any Loan denominated in Dollars, and not later than the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent, in the case of Alternative Currency Loan, in each case on the Business Day specified in the applicable Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (and, if such Borrowing is the initial Credit Extension, Section 4.01 ), the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of Bank of America with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Borrower provided , however , that if, on the date a Loan Notice with respect to a Revolving Borrowing denominated in Dollars is given by the Borrower, there are L C Borrowings outstanding, then the proceeds of such Revolving Borrowing, first , shall be applied to the payment in full of any such L C Borrowings, and second , shall be made available to the Borrower as provided above. 
 
 (c) BSBY Rate Loans and Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans . Except as otherwise provided herein, a BSBY Rate Loan and an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Loan. During the existence of a Default, no Loans may be requested as, or converted to, Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans or requested as, or converted to or continued as, BSBY Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, in each case of the foregoing, without the consent of the Required Lenders, and the Required Lenders may demand that any or all of the then outstanding BSBY Rate Loans be converted to Base Rate Loans (on the last day of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto) and or that any or all of the then outstanding Alternative Currency Loans be prepaid, or redenominated in Dollars in the amount of the Dollar Equivalent thereof, immediately (in the case of any such Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans) or on the last day of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto (in the case of any such Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans). 
 (d) Interest Rates . Each determination of an interest rate by the Administrative Agent pursuant to any provision of this Agreement shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrower and the Lenders in the absence of manifest error. 
 (e) Interest Periods . After giving effect to all Revolving Borrowings, all conversions of Revolving Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Revolving Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than five (5) Interest Periods in effect in respect of the Revolving Facility. 
 (f) Cashless Settlement Mechanism . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Lender may exchange, continue or rollover all or the portion of its Loans in connection with any refinancing, extension, loan modification or similar transaction permitted by the terms of this Agreement, pursuant to a cashless settlement mechanism approved by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and such Lender. 
 (g) Conforming Changes . With respect to the BSBY, the BSBY Screen Rate, any Alternative Currency Daily Rate and or any Alternative Currency Term Rate, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 
 2.03 Letters of Credit . 
 (a) The Letter of Credit Commitment . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, in addition to the Loans provided for in Section 2.01 , the Borrower may request that the L C Issuer, in reliance on the agreements of the Lenders set forth in this Section 2.03 , issue, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period, Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars or in one or more Alternative Currencies for its own account or the account of any of its Subsidiaries in such form as is acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the L C Issuer in its reasonable determination. Letters of Credit issued hereunder shall constitute utilization of the Revolving Commitments. 
 (b) Notice of Issuance , Amendment , Extension , Reinstatement or Renewal . 
 (i) To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment of the terms and conditions, extension of the terms and conditions, extension of the expiration date, or reinstatement of amounts paid, or renewal of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall deliver (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the L C Issuer) to the L C Issuer and to the Administrative Agent not later than 11 00 a.m. at least two Business Days (or such later date and time as the Administrative Agent and the L C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, extended, reinstated or renewed, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with clause d of this Section 2.03 ), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof, the purpose and nature of the requested Letter of Credit and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, extend, reinstate or renew such Letter of Credit. If requested by the L C Issuer, the Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application and reimbursement agreement on the L C Issuer s standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application and reimbursement agreement or other agreement submitted by the Borrower to, or entered into by the Borrower with, the L C Issuer relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. 
 (ii) If the Borrower so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Application (or the amendment of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the L C Issuer may, in its sole discretion, agree to issue a Letter of Credit that has automatic extension provisions (each, an Auto - Extension Letter of Credit provided that any such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit shall permit the L C Issuer to prevent any such extension at least once in each twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the Non - Extension Notice Date in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon by the Borrower and the L C Issuer at the time such Letter of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by the L C Issuer, the Borrower shall not be required to make a specific request to the L C Issuer for any such extension. Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the L C Issuer to permit the 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 extension of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiration date not later than the date permitted pursuant to Section 2.03(d) provided, that the L C Issuer shall not (A) permit any such extension if (1) the L C Issuer has determined that it would not be permitted, or would have no obligation, at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its extended form under the terms hereof (except that the expiration date may be extended to a date that is no more than one year from the then-current expiration date) or (2) it has received notice (which may be in writing or by telephone (if promptly confirmed in writing)) on or before the day that is seven Business Days before the Non-Extension Notice Date from the Administrative Agent that the Required Lenders have elected not to permit such extension or (B) be obligated to permit such extension if it has received notice (which may be in writing or by telephone (if promptly confirmed in writing)) on or before the day that is seven Business Days before the Non-Extension Notice Date from the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Borrower that one or more of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied, and in each such case directing the L C Issuer not to permit such extension. 
 
 (c) Limitations on Amounts, Issuance and Amendment. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, extended, reinstated or renewed only if (and upon issuance, amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal of each Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal (w) the aggregate amount of the outstanding Letters of Credit issued by the L C Issuer shall not exceed its L C Commitment, (x) the aggregate L C Obligations shall not exceed the L C Sublimit, (y) the Revolving Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed its Revolving Commitment and (z) the Total Revolving Exposure shall not exceed the total Revolving Commitments. 
 
 (i) The L C Issuer shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if 
 (A) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the L C Issuer from issuing the Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to the L C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the L C Issuer shall prohibit, or request that the L C Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or the Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the L C Issuer with respect to the Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the L C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon the L C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which the L C Issuer in good faith deems material to it 
 (B) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of the L C Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally 
 (C) except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the L C Issuer, the Letter of Credit is in an initial stated amount less than 50,000 
 (D) except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the L C Issuer, the Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than Dollars or an Alternative Currency 
 (E) any Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender, unless the L C Issuer has entered into arrangements, including the delivery of Cash Collateral, satisfactory to the L C Issuer (in its sole discretion) with the Borrower or such Lender to eliminate the L C 

Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Issuer s actual or potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.15 a )( iv )) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or that Letter of Credit and all other L C Obligations as to which the L C Issuer has actual or potential Fronting Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion 
 
 (F) the Letter of Credit contains any provisions for automatic reinstatement of the stated amount after any drawing thereunder or 
 (G) the L C Issuer does not as of the issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit issue Letters of Credit in the requested currency. 
 (ii) The L C Issuer shall be under no obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) the L C Issuer would have no obligation at such time to issue the Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of the Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to the Letter of Credit. 
 (d) Expiration Date . Each Letter of Credit shall have a stated expiration date no later than the date 60 months after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any extension of the expiration date thereof, whether automatic or by amendment, 12 months after the then current expiration date of such Letter of Credit). 
 (e) Participations . 
 (i) By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount or extending the expiration date thereof), and without any further action on the part of the L C Issuer or the Lenders, the L C Issuer hereby grants to each Lender, and each Lender hereby acquires from the L C Issuer, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this clause e in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute, unconditional and irrevocable and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Revolving Commitments. 
 (ii) In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Lender hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for account of the L C Issuer, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of each L C Disbursement made by the L C Issuer not later than 1 00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in the notice provided by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.03(f) until such L C Disbursement is reimbursed by the Borrower or at any time after any reimbursement payment is required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason, including after the Maturity Date. Such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each such payment shall be made in the same manner as provided in Section 2.02 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.02 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Lenders pursuant to this Section 2.03 ), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the L C Issuer the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.03(f) , the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the L C Issuer or, to the extent that the Lenders have made payments pursuant to this clause (e) to reimburse the L C Issuer, then to such Lenders and the L C Issuer as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Lender 

Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 pursuant to this clause (e) to reimburse the L C Issuer for any L C Disbursement shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such L C Disbursement. 
 
 (iii) Each Lender further acknowledges and agrees that its participation in each Letter of Credit will be automatically adjusted to reflect such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit at each time such Lender s Commitment is amended pursuant to the operation of Section 2.16 , as a result of an assignment in accordance with Section 11.06 or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement. 
 (iv) If any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L C Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.03(e) , then, without limiting the other provisions of this Agreement, the L C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the L C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the applicable Overnight Rate and a rate determined by the L C Issuer in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the L C Issuer in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Revolving Loan included in the relevant Revolving Borrowing or L C Advance in respect of the relevant L C Borrowing, as the case may be. A certificate of the L C Issuer submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (e)(iv) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (f) Reimbursement . If the L C Issuer shall make any L C Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall reimburse the L C Issuer in respect of such L C Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such L C Disbursement not later than 12 00 noon on (i) the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice of such L C Disbursement, if such notice is received prior to 10 00 a.m. or (ii) the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower receives such notice, if such notice is not received prior to such time, provided that, if such L C Disbursement is not less than 1,000,000, the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.02 or Section 2.04 that such payment be financed with a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans or Swingline Loan in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Borrower s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting Borrowing of Base Rate Loans or Swingline Loan. If the Borrower fails to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the applicable L C Disbursement, the payment then due from the Borrower in respect thereof (the Unreimbursed Amount and such Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the Unreimbursed Amount pursuant to Section 2.03(e)(ii) , subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the aggregate Revolving Commitments. Any notice given by the L C Issuer or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.03(f) may be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in writing provided that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice. 
 (g) Obligations Absolute . The Borrower s obligation to reimburse L C Disbursements as provided in clause (f) of this Section 2.03 shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of 
 
 (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any Letter of Credit, or any term or provision herein or therein 
 (ii) the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that the Borrower or any Subsidiary may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), the L C Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction 
 (iii) any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement in such draft or other document being untrue or inaccurate in any respect or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit 
 (iv) waiver by the L C Issuer of any requirement that exists for the L C Issuer s protection and not the protection of the Borrower or any waiver by the L C Issuer which does not in fact materially prejudice the Borrower 
 (v) honor of a demand for payment presented electronically even if such Letter of Credit required that demand be in the form of a draft 
 (vi) any payment made by the L C Issuer in respect of an otherwise complying item presented after the date specified as the expiration date of, or the date by which documents must be received under such Letter of Credit if presentation after such date is authorized by the UCC, the ISP or the UCP, as applicable 
 (vii) payment by the L C Issuer under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply strictly with the terms of such Letter of Credit or any payment made by the L C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or 
 (viii) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section 2.03 , constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrower s obligations hereunder or 
 (ix) any adverse change in the relevant exchange rates or in the availability of the relevant Alternative Currency to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or in the relevant currency markets generally. 
 (h) Examination . The Borrower shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with the Borrower s instructions or other irregularity, the Borrower will immediately notify the L C Issuer. The Borrower shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against the L C Issuer and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid. 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (i) Liability . None of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the L C Issuer, or any of their Related Parties shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit by the L C Issuer or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms, any error in translation or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the L C Issuer provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse the L C Issuer from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by Applicable Law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by the L C Issuer s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the L C Issuer (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), the L C Issuer shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination, and that 
 (i) the L C Issuer may replace a purportedly lost, stolen, or destroyed original Letter of Credit or missing amendment thereto with a certified true copy marked as such or waive a requirement for its presentation 
 (ii) the L C Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and may make payment upon presentation of documents that appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit and without regard to any non-documentary condition in such Letter of Credit 
 (iii) the L C Issuer shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to decline to accept such documents and to make such payment if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit and 
 (iv) this sentence shall establish the standard of care to be exercised by the L C Issuer when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof (and the parties hereto hereby waive, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, any standard of care inconsistent with the foregoing). 
 Without limiting the foregoing, none of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the L C Issuer, or any of their Related Parties shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of (A) any presentation that includes forged or fraudulent documents or that is otherwise affected by the fraudulent, bad faith, or illegal conduct of the beneficiary or other Person, (B) the L C Issuer declining to take-up documents and make payment, (C) against documents that are fraudulent, forged, or for other reasons by which that it is entitled not to honor, (D) following a Borrower s waiver of discrepancies with respect to such documents or request for honor of such documents or (E) the L C Issuer retaining proceeds of a Letter of Credit based on an apparently applicable attachment order, blocking regulation, or third-party claim notified to the L C Issuer. 
 (j) Applicability of ISP . Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the L C Issuer and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued by it (including any such agreement applicable to an Existing Letter of Credit), the rules of the ISP shall apply to each standby Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the L C Issuer shall not be responsible to the Borrower for, and the L C Issuer s rights and remedies against the Borrower shall not be impaired by, any action or inaction of the L C Issuer required 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 or permitted under any law, order, or practice that is required or permitted to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the Law or any order of a jurisdiction where the L C Issuer or the beneficiary is located, the practice stated in the ISP, or in the decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the ICC Banking Commission, the Bankers Association for Finance and Trade - International Financial Services Association (BAFT-IFSA), or the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, whether or not any Letter of Credit chooses such law or practice. 
 (k) Benefits . The L C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and the L C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (i) provided to the Administrative Agent in Article IX with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the L C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and Issuer Documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Administrative Agent as used in Article IX included the L C Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (ii) as additionally provided herein with respect to the L C Issuer. 
 (l) Letter of Credit Fees . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Applicable Revolving Percentage a Letter of Credit fee (the Letter of Credit Fee for each Letter of Credit equal to the Applicable Rate times the Dollar Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any standby Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06 . Letter of Credit Fees shall be (i) payable on the first Business Day following each fiscal quarter end, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit at the time of issuance of such Letter of Credit on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand and (ii) accrued through and including the last day of each fiscal quarter in arrears. If there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the daily amount available to be drawn under each Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, upon the request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists, all Letter of Credit Fees shall accrue at the Default Rate. 
 (m) Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to L C Issuer . For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06 . The Borrower shall pay directly to the L C Issuer for its own account, in Dollars the customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of the L C Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect. Such customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are nonrefundable. 
 (n) Disbursement Procedures . The L C Issuer for any Letter of Credit shall, within the time allowed by Applicable Laws or the specific terms of the Letter of Credit following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under such Letter of Credit. The L C Issuer shall promptly after such examination notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing of such demand for payment if the L C Issuer has made or will make an L C Disbursement thereunder provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse the L C Issuer and the Lenders with respect to any such L C Disbursement. 
 (o) Interim Interest . If the L C Issuer for any standby Letter of Credit shall make any L C Disbursement, then, unless the Borrower shall reimburse such L C Disbursement in full on the date such L C Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such L C Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the Borrower reimburses such L C Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to Base Rate Loans provided that if the Borrower 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 fails to reimburse such L C Disbursement when due pursuant to clause (f) of this Section 2.03 , then Section 2.08(b) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this clause (o) shall be for account of the L C Issuer, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Lender pursuant to clause (f) of this Section 2.03 to reimburse the L C Issuer shall be for account of such Lender to the extent of such payment. 
 (p) Replacement of the L C Issuer . The L C Issuer may be replaced at any time by written agreement between the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced L C Issuer and the successor L C Issuer. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of the L C Issuer. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced L C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03 m ). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor L C Issuer shall have all the rights and obligations of an L C Issuer under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued by it thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term L C Issuer shall be deemed to include such successor or any previous L C Issuer, or such successor and all previous L C Issuer, as the context shall require. After the replacement of the L C Issuer hereunder, the replaced L C Issuer shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an L C Issuer under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. 
 (q) Cash Collateralization . 
 (i) If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Lenders with L C Obligations representing at least 66-2 3 of the total L C Obligations) demanding the deposit of Cash Collateral pursuant to this clause (q) , the Borrower shall immediately deposit into an account established and maintained on the books and records of the Administrative Agent (the Collateral Account an amount in cash equal to 105 of the total L C Obligations as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, provided that the obligation to deposit such Cash Collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in clause (f) of Section 8.01 . Such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. In addition, and without limiting the foregoing or clause (d) of this Section 2.03 , if any L C Obligations remain outstanding after the expiration date specified in said clause (d) , the Borrower shall immediately deposit into the Collateral Account an amount in cash equal to 105 of such L C Obligations as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon. 
 (ii) The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over the Collateral Account. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the Borrower s risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in the Collateral Account. Moneys in the Collateral Account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the L C Issuer for L C Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed, together with related fees, costs, and customary processing charges, and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the L C Obligations at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Lenders with L C Obligations representing 66-2 3 of the total L C Obligations), be 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 applied to satisfy other obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. If the Borrower is required to provide an amount of Cash Collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower within three Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. 
 (r) Letters of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, the Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse, indemnify and compensate the L C Issuer hereunder for any and all drawings under such Letter of Credit as if such Letter of Credit had been issues solely for the account of the Borrower. The Borrower irrevocably waives any and all defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of any or all of the obligations of such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrower s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries. 
 (s) Conflict with Issuer Documents . In the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer Document, the terms hereof shall control. 
 (t) Additional L C Issuers . Any Lender hereunder may become an L C Issuer with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of a fully executed Notice of Additional L C Issuer which shall be signed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each L C Issuer. Such new L C Issuer shall provide its L C Commitment in such Notice of Additional L C Issuer and upon the receipt by the Administrative Agent of the fully executed Notice of Additional L C Issuer, the defined term L C Commitment shall be deemed amended to incorporate the L C Commitment of such new L C Issuer. 
 2.04 Swingline Loans . 
 (a) The Swingline . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swingline Lender, in reliance upon the agreements of the other Lenders set forth in this Section 2.04 , may in its sole discretion make loans to the Borrower (each such loan, a Swingline Loan ). Each such Swingline Loan may be made, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, to the Borrower, in Dollars, from time to time on any Business Day during the Availability Period in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of the Swingline Sublimit provided , however , that (i) after giving effect to any Swingline Loan, (A) the Total Revolving Outstandings shall not exceed the Revolving Facility at such time, (B) the Revolving Exposure of any Lender at such time shall not exceed such Lender s Revolving Commitment and (C) the aggregate amount of all Swingline Loans advanced by the Swingline Lender outstanding shall not exceed the Swingline Commitment of the Swingline Lender, (ii) the Borrower shall not use the proceeds of any Swingline Loan to refinance any outstanding Swingline Loan, and (iii) the Swingline Lender shall not be under any obligation to make any Swingline Loan if it shall determine (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that it has, or by such Credit Extension may have, Fronting Exposure. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.04 , prepay under Section 2.05 , and reborrow under this Section 2.04 . Each Swingline Loan shall bear interest only at a rate based on the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. Immediately upon the making of a Swingline Loan, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the Swingline Lender a risk participation in such Swingline Loan in an amount equal to the product of such Lender s Applicable Revolving Percentage times the amount of such Swingline Loan. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (b) Borrowing Procedures . 
 (i) Each Swingline Borrowing shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent, which may be given by (ii) telephone or (iii) a Swingline Loan Notice provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed immediately by delivery to the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent of a Swingline Loan Notice. Each such Swingline Loan Notice must be received by the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1 00 p.m. on the requested borrowing date, and shall specify (A) the amount to be borrowed, which shall be a minimum of 100,000, and (B) the requested date of the Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day). Promptly after receipt by the Swingline Lender of any Swingline Loan Notice, the Swingline Lender will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has also received such Swingline Loan Notice and, if not, the Swingline Lender will notify the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) of the contents thereof. Unless the Swingline Lender has received notice (by telephone or in writing) from the Administrative Agent (including at the request of any Lender) prior to 2 00 p.m. on the date of the proposed Swingline Borrowing (1) directing the Swingline Lender not to make such Swingline Loan as a result of the limitations set forth in the first proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.04 a ), or (2) that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Article IV is not then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Swingline Lender will, not later than 3 00 p.m. on the borrowing date specified in such Swingline Loan Notice, make the amount of its Swingline Loan available to the Borrower at its office by crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of the Swingline Lender in Same Day Funds. 
 (c) Refinancing of Swingline Loans . 
 (i) The Swingline Lender at any time in its sole discretion may request, on behalf of the Borrower (which hereby irrevocably authorizes the Swingline Lender to so request on its behalf), that each Lender make a Base Rate Loan in an amount equal to such Lender s Applicable Revolving Percentage of the amount of Swingline Loans then outstanding. Such request shall be made in writing (which written request shall be deemed to be a Loan Notice for purposes hereof) and in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.02 , without regard to the minimum and multiples specified therein for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the unutilized portion of the Revolving Facility and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 . The Swingline Lender shall furnish the Borrower with a copy of the applicable Loan Notice promptly after delivering such notice to the Administrative Agent. Each Lender shall make an amount equal to its Applicable Revolving Percentage of the amount specified in such Loan Notice available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral available with respect to the applicable Swingline Loan) for the account of the Swingline Lender at the Administrative Agent s Office for Dollar-denominated payments not later than 1 00 p.m. on the day specified in such Loan Notice, whereupon, subject to Section 2.04(c)(ii) , each Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Loan to the Borrower in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the Swingline Lender. 
 (ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, if for any reason any Swingline Loan cannot be refinanced by such a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.04(c)(i) (including, without limitation, the failure to satisfy the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 ), the request for Base Rate Loans submitted by the Swingline Lender as set forth herein shall be deemed to be a request by the Swingline Lender that each of the Lenders fund its risk participation in the relevant Swingline Loan and each Lender s payment to the 

Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(i) shall be deemed payment in respect of such participation. 
 
 (iii) If any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.04(c) by the time specified in Section 2.04(c)(i) , the Swingline Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the Swingline Lender at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Swingline Lender in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Revolving Loan included in the relevant Revolving Borrowing or funded participation in the relevant Swingline Loan, as the case may be. A certificate of the Swingline Lender submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (c)(iii) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (iv) Each Lender s obligation to make Revolving Loans or to purchase and fund risk participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the Swingline Lender, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing provided , however , that each Lender s obligation to make Revolving Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than delivery by the Borrower of a Loan Notice). No such funding of risk participations shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to repay Swingline Loans, together with interest as provided herein. 
 (d) Repayment of Participations . 
 (i) At any time after any Lender has purchased and funded a risk participation in a Swingline Loan, if the Swingline Lender receives any payment on account of such Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender will distribute to such Lender its Applicable Revolving Percentage thereof in the same funds as those received by the Swingline Lender. 
 (ii) If any payment received by the Swingline Lender in respect of principal or interest on any Swingline Loan is required to be returned by the Swingline Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 11.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Swingline Lender in its discretion), each Lender shall pay to the Swingline Lender its Applicable Revolving Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned, at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate. The Administrative Agent will make such demand upon the request of the Swingline Lender. The obligations of the Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 (e) Interest for Account of Swingline Lender . The Swingline Lender shall be responsible for invoicing the Borrower for interest on the Swingline Loans. Until each Lender funds its Base Rate Loan or risk participation pursuant to this Section 2.04 to refinance such Lender s Applicable Revolving 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Percentage of any Swingline Loan, interest in respect of such Applicable Revolving Percentage shall be solely for the account of the Swingline Lender. 
 (f) Payments Directly to Swingline Lender . The Borrower shall make all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Swingline Loans directly to the Swingline Lender. 
 2.05 Prepayments . 
 (a) Optional . 
 (i) The Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent pursuant to delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Notice of Loan Prepayment, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Revolving Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty subject to Section 3.05 provided that (A) such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11 00 a.m. (1) three (3) Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of BSBY Rate Loans, (2) four (4) Business Days (or five (5), in the case of prepayment of Alternative Currency Loans denominated in Special Notice Currencies) prior to any date of prepayment of Alternative Currency Loans, and (3) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans (B) any prepayment of BSBY Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof (C) any prepayment of Alternative Currency Loans shall be in a minimum principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof and (D) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date, the currency, and amount of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid and, if BSBY Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans are to be prepaid, the Interest Period(s) of such Loans. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender s ratable portion of such prepayment (based on such Lender s Applicable Percentage). If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of principal shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 . Subject to Section 2.15 , such prepayments shall be paid to the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages in respect of the Revolving Facility. 
 (ii) The Borrower may, upon notice to the Swingline Lender pursuant to delivery to the Swingline Lender of a Notice of Loan Prepayment (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at any time or from time to time, voluntarily prepay Swingline Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty provided that, unless otherwise agreed by the Swingline Lender, (A) such notice must be received by the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1 00 p.m. on the date of the prepayment, and (B) any such prepayment shall be in a minimum principal amount of 100,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess hereof (or, if less, the entire principal thereof then outstanding). Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (b) Mandatory . Immediately upon receipt, the Borrower shall prepay the Loan and or Cash Collateralize the L C Obligations as hereinafter provided in an aggregate amount equal to 
 (i) Dispositions and Involuntary Dispositions . 100 of the Net Cash Proceeds from the Disposition of any asset of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (excluding Dispositions expressly permitted under Section 7.05 ), unless, prior to or within 30 days after receipt of the proceeds, a Responsible Officer of Borrower delivers to Administrative Agent a certificate certifying that such proceeds will be used to purchase a replacement asset that is substantially similar to the asset being disposed of or to acquire another asset useful in the business of Borrower or such Subsidiary that received the Net Cash Proceeds within 60 days after receipt of such proceeds 
 (ii) Equity Issuance . 50 of the Net Cash Proceeds from the issuance of any Equity Interest by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, excluding Equity Interests issued (A) to officers or employees of Borrower as part of a compensation agreement, (B) to any current holder of an Equity Interest in Borrower pursuant to a commitment that became legally enforceable against the Borrower prior to the Closing Date, and (C) in connection with an Acquisition to which Administrative Agent has given its prior written consent 
 (iii) Consolidated Funded Indebtedness . 100 of the Net Cash Proceeds of any Consolidated Funded Indebtedness incurred by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries after the Closing Date, excluding the Obligations 
 (iv) Extraordinary Receipts . 100 of any Extraordinary Receipt, unless, prior to or within 30 days after receipt of such Extraordinary Receipt, a Responsible Officer of the Borrower delivers to Administrative Agent a certificate certifying that such Extraordinary Receipt will be used to repair, restore or replace the remaining portion of the damaged or remaining property or to acquire another asset useful in the business of the Borrower or the Subsidiary that received such Extraordinary Receipt within 180 days after receipt of such proceeds (or such longer period of time as Administrative Agent and the Borrower agree is reasonable for the repair, restoration, replacement of such damaged property or acquisition of such other asset useful in the business of the Borrower or such Subsidiary) 
 (v) Reserved . 
 (vi) Application of Payments . Each prepayment of Loans pursuant to the foregoing provisions of clauses (i) through (v) of this Section 2.05(b) shall be applied, to the Revolving Facility in the manner set forth in clause (viii) of this Section 2.05(b) . Subject to Section 2.15 , such prepayments shall be paid to the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages in respect of the relevant Facilities. 
 (vii) Revolving Outstandings . If for any reason the Total Revolving Outstandings at any time exceed the Revolving Facility at such time, the Borrower shall immediately prepay Revolving Loans, Swingline Loans and L C Borrowings and or Cash Collateralize the L C Obligations in an aggregate amount equal to such excess provided , however , that the Borrower shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L C Obligations pursuant to this Section 2.05(b) unless, after the prepayment of the Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans, the Total Revolving Outstandings exceed the Revolving Facility at such time. 
 (viii) Application of Other Payments . Except as otherwise provided in Section 2.15 , prepayments of the Revolving Facility made pursuant to this Section 2.05(b) , first , shall be 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 applied ratably to the L C Borrowings and the Swingline Loans, second , shall be applied to the outstanding Revolving Loans, and, third , at the option of Administrative Agent, shall be used to Cash Collateralize the remaining L C Obligations. Upon the drawing of any Letter of Credit that has been Cash Collateralized, the funds held as Cash Collateral shall be applied (without any further action by or notice to or from the Borrower or any other Loan Party or any Defaulting Lender that has provided Cash Collateral) to reimburse the L C Issuer or the Lenders, as applicable. 
 Within the parameters of the applications set forth above, prepayments pursuant to this Section 2.05(b) shall be applied first to Base Rate Loans and then to BSBY Rate Loans in direct order of Interest Period maturities. All prepayments under this Section 2.05(b) shall be subject to Section 3.05 , but otherwise without premium or penalty, and shall be accompanied by interest on the principal amount prepaid through the date of prepayment. 
 2.06 Termination or Reduction of Commitments . 
 (a) Optional . The Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate the Revolving Facility, the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swingline Sublimit, or from time to time permanently reduce the Revolving Facility, the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swingline Sublimit provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11 00 a.m. five Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of 5,000,000 or any whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof and (iii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce (A) the Revolving Facility if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Total Revolving Outstandings would exceed the Revolving Facility, (B) the Letter of Credit Sublimit if, after giving effect thereto, the Outstanding Amount of L C Obligations not fully Cash Collateralized hereunder would exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit, or (C) the Swingline Sublimit if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Outstanding Amount of Swingline Loans would exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit. 
 (b) Application of Commitment Reductions Payment of Fees . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any termination or reduction of the Letter of Credit Sublimit, Swingline Sublimit, or the Revolving Commitment under this Section 2.06 . Upon any reduction of the Revolving Commitments, the Revolving Commitment of each Lender shall be reduced by such Lender s Applicable Revolving Percentage of such amount. All fees in respect of the Revolving Facility accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Revolving Facility shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. 
 2.07 Repayment of Loans . 
 (a) Revolving Loans . The Borrower shall repay to the Lenders on the Maturity Date for the Revolving Facility the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving Loans outstanding on such date. 
 (b) Swingline Loans . The Borrower shall repay each Swingline Loan on the earlier to occur of (i) the date 10 Business Days after such Loan is made and (ii) the Maturity Date for the Revolving Facility. 
 2.08 Interest and Default Rate . 
 (a) Interest . Subject to the provisions of Section 2.08 b ), (i) each BSBY Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period from the applicable Borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the BSBY Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Rate (ii) each Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Alternative Currency Daily Rate plus the Applicable Rate (iii) each Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Alternative Currency Term Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate (iv) each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable Borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate and (v) each Swingline Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable Borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. To the extent that any calculation of interest or any fee required to be paid under this Agreement shall be based on (or result in) a calculation that is less than zero, such calculation shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 (b) Default Rate . 
 (i) If any amount of principal of any Loan is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Laws. 
 (ii) If any amount (other than principal of any Loan) payable by the Borrower under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, then upon the request of the Required Lenders such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Laws. 
 (iii) Upon the request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists (including a payment default), all outstanding Obligations (including Letter of Credit Fees) may accrue at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Laws. 
 (iv) Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. 
 (c) Interest Payments . Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 
 2.09 Fees . In addition to certain fees described in Section 2.03 
 (a) Commitment Fee . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Applicable Revolving Percentage, a commitment fee in Dollars equal to the Applicable Rate times the actual daily amount by which the Revolving Facility exceeds the sum of (i) the Outstanding Amount of Revolving Loans and (ii) the Outstanding Amount of L C Obligations, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.15 . For the avoidance of doubt, the Outstanding Amount of Swingline Loans shall not be counted towards or considered usage of the Revolving Facility for purposes of determining the commitment fee. The commitment fee shall accrue at all times during the Availability Period, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and, in the case of the commitment fee with respect to the Revolving Facility, on the last day of the 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Availability Period for the Revolving Facility. The commitment fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears, and if there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the actual daily amount shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. 
 (b) Other Fees . 
 (i) The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent and the Arranger for its own account, in Dollars, fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee Letter. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 
 (ii) The Borrower shall pay to the Lenders, in Dollars, such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at the times so specified. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 
 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees Retroactive Adjustments of Applicable Rate . 
 (a) Computation of Interest and Fees . All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans (including Base Rate Loans determined by reference to the BSBY Rate) and Alternative Currency Loans (other than Alternative Currency Loans determined by reference to EURIBOR) shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed, or, in the case of interest in respect of Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies as to which market practice differs from the foregoing, in accordance with such market practice. All other computations of fees and interest, including those with respect to BSBY Rate Loans and Alternative Currency Loans determined by reference to EURIBOR, shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year), or, in the case of interest in respect of Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies as to which market practice differs from the foregoing, in accordance with such market practice. Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12 a ), bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
 (b) Financial Statement Adjustments or Restatements . If, as a result of any restatement of or other adjustment to the financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or for any other reason, the Borrower, or the Administrative Agent determines that (i) the Consolidated Leverage Ratio as calculated by the Borrower as of any applicable date was inaccurate and (ii) a proper calculation of the Consolidated Leverage Ratio would have resulted in higher pricing for such period, the Borrower shall immediately and retroactively be obligated to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Lenders or the L C Issuer, as the case may be, promptly on demand by the Administrative Agent (or, after the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, automatically and without further action by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L C Issuer), an amount equal to the excess of the amount of interest and fees that should have been paid for such period over the amount of interest and fees actually paid for such period. This paragraph shall not limit the rights of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L C Issuer, as the case may be, under any provision of this Agreement to payment of any Obligations hereunder at the Default Rate or under Article VIII . The Borrower's obligations under this clause (b) shall survive the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment of all other Obligations hereunder. 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 2.11 Evidence of Debt . 
 (a) Maintenance of Accounts . The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender in the ordinary course of business. The Administrative Agent shall maintain the Register in accordance with Section 11.06(c) . The accounts or records maintained by each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Borrower and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the Register, the Register shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lender s Loans in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount, currency and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. 
 (b) Maintenance of Records . In addition to the accounts and records referred to in Section 2.11(a) , each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by the Administrative Agent and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. 
 2.12 Payments Generally Administrative Agent s Clawback . 
 (a) General . All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except with respect to principal of and interest on Alternative Currency Loans, all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the applicable Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent s Office in Dollars and in Same Day Funds not later than 2 00 p.m. on the date specified herein. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder with respect to principal and interest on Alternative Currency Loans shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent s Office in such Alternative Currency and in Same Day Funds not later than the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent on the dates specified herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may require that any payments due under this Agreement be made in the United States. If, for any reason, the Borrower is prohibited by any Law from making any required payment hereunder in an Alternative Currency, the Borrower shall make such payment in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the Alternative Currency payment amount. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage in respect of the Revolving Facility (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent (i) after 2 00 p.m., in the case of payments in Dollars, or (ii) after the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent, in the case of payments in an Alternative Currency, shall in each case be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. Subject to Section 2.07(a) and as otherwise specifically provided for in this Agreement, if any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (b) (i) Funding by Lenders Presumption by Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing of BSBY Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Loans (or, in the case of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, prior to 12 00 noon on the date of such Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 (or, in the case of a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by Section 2.02 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the Overnight Rate, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing, and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans or, in the case of Alternative Currencies, in accordance with such market practice, in each case, as applicable. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 
 (ii) Payments by Borrower Presumptions by Administrative Agent . 
 Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Appropriate Lenders or the L C Issuer hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Appropriate Lenders or the L C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount due. 
 
 With respect to any payment that the Administrative Agent makes for the account of the Appropriate Lenders or the L C Issuer hereunder as to which the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount (1) the Borrower has not in fact made such payment (2) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by the Borrower (whether or not then owed) or (3) the Administrative Agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment then each of the Appropriate Lenders or the L C Issuer, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount so distributed to such Appropriate Lender or the L C Issuer, in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 
 A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or the Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this clause (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (c) Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent . If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II , and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. 
 (d) Obligations of Lenders Several . The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Revolving Loans, to fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans and to make payments pursuant to Section 11.04(c) are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any payment under Section 11.04(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under Section 11.04(c) . 
 (e) Funding Source . Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. 
 (f) Pro Rata Treatment . Except to the extent otherwise provided herein (i) each Borrowing (other than Swingline Borrowings) shall be made from the Appropriate Lenders, each payment of fees under Section 2.09 and of Section 2.03 shall be made for account of the Appropriate Lenders, and each termination or reduction of the amount of the Commitments shall be applied to the respective Commitments of the Lenders, pro rata according to the amounts of their respective Commitments (ii) each Borrowing shall be allocated pro rata among the Lenders according to the amounts of their respective Commitments (in the case of the making of Revolving Loans) or their respective Loans that are to be included in such Borrowing (in the case of conversions and continuations of Loans) (iii) each payment or prepayment of principal of Loans by the Borrower shall be made for account of the Appropriate Lenders pro rata in accordance with the respective unpaid principal amounts of the Loans held by them and (iv) each payment of interest on Loans by the Borrower shall be made for account of the Appropriate Lenders pro rata in accordance with the amounts of interest on such Loans then due and payable to the respective Appropriate Lenders. 
 2.13 Sharing of Payments by Lenders . If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of (a) Obligations in respect of any of the Facilities due and payable to such Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time in excess of its ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Obligations due and payable to such Lender at such time to (ii) the aggregate amount of the Obligations in respect of the Facilities due and payable to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time) of payments on account of the Obligations in respect of the Facilities due and payable to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time obtained by all the Lenders at such time or (b) Obligations in respect of any of the Facilities owing (but not due and payable) to such Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time in excess of its ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Obligations owing (but not due and payable) to such Lender at such time to (ii) the aggregate amount of the Obligations in respect of the Facilities owing (but not due and payable) to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time) of payments on account of the Obligations in respect of the Facilities owing (but not due and payable) to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time obtained by all of the Lenders at such time, then, in each case under clauses (a) and (b) above, the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (A) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (B) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and sub-participations in L C Obligations and Swingline Loans of the other Lenders, or 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of Obligations in respect of the Facilities then due and payable to the Lenders or owing (but not due and payable) to the Lenders, as the case may be, provided that 
 (i) if any such participations or sub-participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations or sub-participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest and 
 (ii) the provisions of this Section 2.13 shall not be construed to apply to (A) any payment made by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), (B) the application of Cash Collateral provided for in Section 2.14 , or (C) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or sub-participations in L C Obligations or Swingline Loans to any assignee or participant, other than an assignment to any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section 2.13 shall apply). 
 Each Loan Party consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under Applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Loan Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Loan Party in the amount of such participation. 
 
 2.14 Cash Collateral . 
 (a) Obligation to Cash Collateralize . If (i) as of the Letter of Credit Cash Collateralization Date, any L C Obligations for any reason remains outstanding, or (ii) at any time there shall exist a Defaulting Lender then within one Business Day following the written request of the Administrative Agent or the L C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize the L C Issuer s Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender (determined after giving effect to Section 2.15(a)(iv) and any Cash Collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender) in an amount not less than the Minimum Collateral Amount. Additionally, if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower at any time that the Outstanding Amount of all L C Obligations at such time exceeds 105 of the Letter of Credit Sublimit then in effect, then within two Business Days after receipt of such notice, the Borrower shall provide Cash Collateral for the Outstanding Amount of the L C Obligations in an amount not less than the amount by which the Outstanding Amount of all L C Obligations exceeds the Letter of Credit Sublimit. 
 (b) Grant of Security Interest . The Borrower, and to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, hereby grants to (and subjects to the control of) the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer and the Lenders, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein, and all other property so provided as Collateral pursuant hereto, and in all proceeds of the foregoing, all as security for the obligations to which such Cash Collateral may be applied pursuant to Section 2.14(c) . If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent or the L C Issuer as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount, the Borrower will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency (determined in the case of Cash Collateral provided pursuant to Section 2.15(a)(v) , after giving effect to Section 2.15(a)(v) and any Cash Collateral 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 provided by the Defaulting Lender). All Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained at Bank of America. The Borrower shall pay on demand therefor from time to time all customary account opening, activity and other administrative fees and charges in connection with the maintenance and disbursement of Cash Collateral. 
 (c) Application . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under any of this Section 2.14 or Sections 2.03 , 2.05 , 2.15 or 8.02 in respect of Letters of Credit shall be held and applied to the satisfaction of the specific L C Obligations, obligations to fund participations therein (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Lender that is a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) and other obligations for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may be provided for herein. 
 (d) Release . Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or to secure other obligations shall be released promptly following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance with Section 11.06(b)(vi) )) or (ii) the determination by the Administrative Agent and the L C Issuer that there exists excess Cash Collateral provided , however , (A) any such release shall be without prejudice to, and any disbursement or other transfer of Cash Collateral shall be and remain subject to, any other Lien conferred under the Loan Documents and the other applicable provisions of the Loan Documents, and (B) the Person providing Cash Collateral and the L C Issuer may agree that Cash Collateral shall not be released but instead held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations. 
 2.15 Defaulting Lenders . 
 (a) Adjustments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law 
 (i) Waivers and Amendments . Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders and Section 11.01 . 
 (ii) Defaulting Lender Waterfall . Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 11.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows first , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder second , to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the L C Issuer or the Swingline Lender hereunder third , to Cash Collateralize the L C Issuer s Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 2.14 fourth , as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent fifth , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (A) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (B) Cash Collateralize the L C Issuer s future Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.14 sixth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the L C Issuer or Swingline Lender as a result 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the L C Issuer or the Swingline Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement seventh , so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement and eighth , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise as may be required under the Loan Documents in connection with any Lien conferred thereunder or directed by a court of competent jurisdiction provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L C Borrowings in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L C Obligations owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L C Obligations owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in L C Obligations and Swingline Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments hereunder without giving effect to Section 2.15(a)(v) . Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.15(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
 (iii) Certain Fees . 
 (A) Fees . No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any fee payable under Section 2.09(a) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). 
 (B) Letter of Credit Fees . Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive Letter of Credit Fees for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its Applicable Revolving Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.14 . 
 (C) Defaulting Lender Fees . With respect to any Letter of Credit Fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to above, the Borrower shall (1) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lender s participation in L C Obligations or Swingline Loans that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iv) below, (2) pay to the L C Issuer and the Swingline Lender, as applicable, the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such L C Issuer s or Swingline Lender s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (3) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee. 
 (iv) Reallocation of Applicable Revolving Percentages to Reduce Fronting Exposure . All or any part of such Defaulting Lender s participation in L C Obligations and Swingline Loans shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Revolving Percentages (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender s Commitment) but only to the extent that such reallocation does not cause the aggregate 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Revolving Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment. Subject to Section 11.20 , no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation. 
 (v) Cash Collateral, Repayment of Swingline Loans . If the reallocation described in clause (a)(iv) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under Applicable Law, (A) first , prepay Swingline Loans in an amount equal to the Swingline Lender s Fronting Exposure and (B) second , Cash Collateralize the L C Issuer s Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.14 . 
 (b) Defaulting Lender Cure . If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and the L C Issuer agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans to be held pro rata by the Lenders in accordance with their Revolving Commitments (without giving effect to Section 2.15(a)(iv) ), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 (c) New Swingline Loans Letters of Credit . So long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, (i) the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loans unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect to such Swingline Loan and (ii) the L C Issuer shall not be required to issue, extend, increase, reinstate or renew any letter of Credit unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect thereto. 
 2.16 Increase in Revolving Facility . 
 (a) Request for Increase . Provided there exists no Default, upon notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders), the Borrower may from time to time, request an increase in the Revolving Facility by an amount (for all such requests) not exceeding 50,000,000 (an Incremental Facility provided that (i) any such request for an Incremental Facility shall be in a minimum amount of 15,000,000, or if less, the then remaining portion of the increase, (ii) the Borrower may make a maximum of four such requests, and (iii) in the case of any such request for an Incremental Facility each Lender that is not, at such time, a Defaulting Lender, shall have an exclusive right (at its sole election) to increase its respective Revolving Commitment on a pro-rata basis with all Lenders. 
 (b) Lender Elections to Increase . Each Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent within such time period whether or not it agrees to increase its Revolving Commitment and, if so, whether by an amount equal to, greater than, or less than its Applicable Revolving Percentage of such requested increase. Any Lender not responding within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to increase its Revolving Commitment. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (c) Notification by Administrative Agent Additional Lenders . The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and each Lender of the Lenders responses to each request made hereunder. To achieve the full amount of a requested increase, and subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer and the Swingline Lender, if and only after the Lenders are offered an exclusive right to increase their respective Commitments under an Incremental Facility and one of more of such Lenders elect not to increase their Revolving Commitment in connection with such Incremental Facility and the then-existing Lenders have not increased their Revolving Commitments in connection with such Incremental Facility up to the amount requested by the Borrower under clause (a) above, the Borrower may invite additional Eligible Assignees to become Lenders pursuant to a joinder agreement New Lenders in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. 
 (d) Effective Date and Allocations . If the Revolving Facility is increased in accordance with this Section 2.16 , the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall determine the effective date (the Revolving Increase Effective Date and the final allocation of such increase. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders and the New Lenders of the final allocation of such increase and the Revolving Increase Effective Date. 
 (e) Conditions to Effectiveness of Increase . As a condition precedent to such increase, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of each Loan Party dated as of the Revolving Increase Effective Date (in sufficient copies for each Lender) signed by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party (i) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such increase, and (ii) in the case of the Borrower, certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase, (A) the representations and warranties contained in Article V and the other Loan Documents are true and correct, on and as of the Revolving Increase Effective Date, and except that for purposes of this Section 2.16 , the representations and warranties contained in clauses (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b) , respectively, of Section 6.01 , and (B) both before and after giving effect to the Incremental Facility, no Default exists. The Borrower shall deliver or cause to be delivered any other customary documents (including, without limitation, legal opinions) as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Incremental Facility. The Borrower shall prepay any Revolving Loans outstanding on the Revolving Increase Effective Date (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 to the extent necessary to keep the outstanding Revolving Loans ratable with any revised Applicable Revolving Percentages arising from any nonratable increase in the Revolving Commitments under this Section 2.16 . 
 (f) Conflicting Provisions . This Section 2.16 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.13 or 11.01 to the contrary. 
 (g) Incremental Facility . Except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, all of the other terms and conditions applicable to such Incremental Facility shall be identical to the terms and conditions applicable to the Revolving Facility. 
 III. TAXES , YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY . 
 3.01 Taxes . 
 (a) Defined Terms . For purposes of this Section 3.01 , the term Applicable Law includes FATCA and the term Lender includes any L C Issuer. 
 (b) Payments Free of Taxes Obligation to Withhold Payments on Account of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by Applicable Laws. If any Applicable Laws (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) require the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 
 (c) Payment of Other Taxes by the Loan Parties . The Loan Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 
 (d) Tax Indemnifications . 
 (i) Each of the Loan Parties shall, and does hereby, jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01 payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient, and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each of the Loan Parties shall also, and does hereby, jointly and severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, for any amount which a Lender for any reason fails to pay indefeasibly to the Administrative Agent as required pursuant to Section 3.01(d)(ii) below. 
 (ii) Each Lender shall, and does hereby, severally indemnify and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, (A) the Administrative Agent against any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender, (B) the Administrative Agent any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 11.06 d relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (C) the Administrative Agent as applicable, against any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or a Loan Party in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause d )( ii ). 
 (e) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority, as provided in this Section 3.01 , the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 evidencing such payment, a copy of any return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (f) Status of Lenders Tax Documentation . 
 (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.01(f)(ii)(A) , (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person, 
 (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax 
 (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 (1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 (2) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI 
 (3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 substantially in the form of Exhibit M-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) or 
 (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit M-2 or Exhibit M-3 , IRS Form W-9, and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit M-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner 
 (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies (or originals, as required) of any other form prescribed by Applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by Applicable Law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by Applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for the purposes of this clause (f)(ii)(D) FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 (iii) Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.01 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (g) Treatment of Certain Refunds . Unless required by Applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender, or 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 have any obligation to pay to any Lender, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender. If any Recipient determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by any Loan Party or with respect to which any Loan Party has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01 , it shall pay to such Loan Party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by such Loan Party under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, as the case may be, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that each Loan Party, upon the request of the Recipient, agrees to repay the amount paid over to such Loan Party (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Recipient in the event the Recipient is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this clause (g) , in no event will the applicable Recipient be required to pay any amount to such Loan Party pursuant to this clause (g) the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This clause (g shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to any Loan Party or any other Person. 
 (h) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 
 3.02 Illegality . If any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund, or charge interest with respect to, any Credit Extension, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon a Relevant Rate, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars or any Alternative Currency in the applicable interbank market, then, upon notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower (through the Administrative Agent), (i) any obligation of such Lender to make or maintain Alternative Currency Loans in the affected currency or currencies or, in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars, any obligation of such Lender to make or continue BSBY Rate Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to BSBY Rate Loans, shall be suspended, and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the BSBY Rate component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the BSBY Rate component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (A) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay all BSBY Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Loans, as applicable in the effected currency or currencies, or, if applicable, convert all BSBY Rate Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the BSBY Rate component of the Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor in the case of BSBY Rate Loans and Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Loans to such day, or immediately, in the case of Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans or, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Loans to such day, BSBY Rate Loans and Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, and (B) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the BSBY Rate, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the BSBY Rate 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 component of the Base Rate until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the BSBY Rate. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 . 
 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates . 
 (a) Inability to Determine Rates . If, in connection with any request for a BSBY Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Loan, or a conversion of a Base Rate Loan to a BSBY Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Loan or a continuation of a BSBY Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, as applicable, (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (A) no Successor Rate for the Relevant Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency has been determined in accordance with Section 3.03 (b) or Section 3.03 (c) , and the circumstances under Section 3.03 (b)(i) and or Section 3.03 (c) or the Scheduled Unavailability Date, or the BSBY Scheduled Unavailability Date, has occurred with respect to such Relevant Rate (as applicable), or (B) adequate and reasonable means do not otherwise exist for determining the Relevant Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency for any determination date(s) or requested Interest Period, as applicable, with respect to a proposed BSBY Rate Loan or Alternative Currency Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan, or (ii) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine, for any reason, that the Relevant Rate with respect to a proposed Loan denominated in an Agreed Currency for any requested Interest Period or determination date(s) (as applicable) does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, then the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter, (I) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain BSBY Rate Loans or Loans in the affected currencies, as applicable, or to convert Base Rate Loans to BSBY Rate Loans or Loans in the affected currencies, as applicable, shall be suspended, in each case, to the extent of the affected BSBY Rate Loans, Alternative Currency Loans or Interest Period or determination date(s), as applicable, and (II) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the BSBY Rate component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the BSBY Rate component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (or, in the case of a determination by the Required Lenders described in Section 3.03(a)(ii) , until the Administrative Agent upon instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. 
 Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, or conversion to or continuation of, BSBY Rate Loans, or for a Borrowing of, or continuation of, Alternative Currency Loans to the extent of the affected Alternative Currency Loans or Interest Period or determination date(s), as applicable, or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, and (ii) (A) any outstanding BSBY Rate Loans shall be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans immediately, and (B) any outstanding affected Alternative Currency Loans, at the Borrower s election, shall either (I) be converted into a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans denominated in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such outstanding Alternative Currency Loan immediately, in the case of an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, or at the end of the applicable Interest Period, in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, or (II) be prepaid in full immediately, in the case of an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, or at the end of the applicable Interest Period, in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, provided , that , if no election is made by the Borrower (x) in the case of an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, by the date that is three (3) Business Days after receipt by the Borrower of such notice, or (y) in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, by the last day of the current Interest Period for the applicable Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have made the election described in clause ii )( B )( I above. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (b) Replacement of BSBY or BSBY Successor Rate . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Borrower or Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Borrower) that the Borrower or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that 
 (i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining one (1) month, three (3) month and six (6) month interest periods of BSBY, including, without limitation, because the BSBY Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary or 
 (ii) the Applicable Authority has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which one (1) month, three (3) month and six (6) month interest periods of BSBY or the BSBY Screen Rate shall or will no longer be representative or made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of loans denominated in Dollars, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided , that , in each case, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that will continue to provide such representative interest periods of BSBY after such specific date (the latest date on which one (1) month, three (3) month and six (6) month interest periods of BSBY or the BSBY Screen Rate are no longer representative or available permanently or indefinitely, the BSBY Scheduled Unavailability Date 
 or if event(s) and or circumstance(s) of the type(s) described Section 3.03(b)(i) or Section 3.03(b) (ii) have occurred with respect to the BSBY Successor Rate then in effect, then, on a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent (any such date, the BSBY Replacement Date ), which date shall be at the end of an Interest Period or on the relevant interest payment date, as applicable, for interest calculated, and, solely with respect to clause ii above, shall be no later than the Scheduled Unavailability Date, BSBY will be replaced hereunder and under any Loan Document with the first (1 st alternative set forth in the order below for any payment period for interest calculated that can be determined by the Administrative Agent, in each case, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document (a BSBY Successor Rate 
 (x) Term SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment and 
 (y) Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment. 
 If the BSBY Successor Rate is Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, (i) if the Administrative Agent determines that neither of the alternatives set forth in the foregoing clauses x and y are available on or prior to the BSBY Replacement Date, or (ii) event(s) and or circumstance(s) of the type(s) described in Section 3.03(b) (i) or Section 3.03(b) (ii) have occurred with respect to the BSBY Successor Rate then in effect, then, in each case, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing BSBY or any then current BSBY Successor Rate in accordance with this Section 3.03 with an alternative benchmark rate, giving due consideration to any evolving, or then existing, convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in Dollars for such alternative benchmarks, and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark, giving due consideration to any evolving, or then existing, convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in Dollars for 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 such benchmarks, which adjustment, or method for calculating such adjustment, shall be published on an information service as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion and may be periodically updated (and any such proposed rate, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment thereto, shall also be a BSBY Successor Rate ), and any such amendment shall become effective at 5 00 p.m. on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. 
 (c) Replacement of Relevant Rate or Successor Rate . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Borrower or Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Borrower) that the Borrower or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that 
 (i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Relevant Rate (other than the BSBY Screen Rate) for an Agreed Currency (other than Dollars) because none of the tenors of such Relevant Rate (other than the BSBY Screen Rate) under this Agreement are available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary or 
 (ii) the Applicable Authority has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which all tenors of the Relevant Rate (other than the BSBY Screen Rate) for an Agreed Currency (other than Dollars) under this Agreement shall or will no longer be representative or made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of syndicated loans denominated in such Agreed Currency (other than Dollars), or shall or will otherwise cease, provided , that , in each case, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that will continue to provide such representative tenor(s) of the Relevant Rate (other than the BSBY Screen Rate) for such Agreed Currency (other than Dollars) (the latest date on which all tenors of the Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency (other than Dollars) under this Agreement are no longer representative or available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability Date 
 or if event(s) and or circumstance(s) of the type(s) described in Section 3.03(b)(i) or Section 3.03(b)(ii) have occurred with respect to the Successor Rate then in effect, then, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing the Relevant Rate for an Agreed Currency or any then current Successor Rate for an Agreed Currency in accordance with this Section 3.03 with an alternative benchmark rate, giving due consideration to any evolving, or then existing, convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in such Agreed Currency for such alternative benchmarks, and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark, giving due consideration to any evolving, or then existing, convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in such Agreed Currency for such benchmarks, which adjustment, or method for calculating such adjustment, shall be published on an information service as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion and may be periodically updated (and any such proposed rate, including for the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment thereto, a Non - BSBY Successor Rate , and collectively with the BSBY Successor Rate, each, a Successor Rate ), and any such amendment shall become effective at 5 00 p.m. on the fifth (5 th Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment 
 (d) Successor Rate . 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (i) The Administrative Agent will promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Borrower and each Lender of the implementation of any Successor Rate. 
 (ii) Any Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice provided , that , to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then such Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. 
 (iii) Notwithstanding anything else herein, if, at any time, any Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero percent (0.0 per annum, then the Successor Rate will be deemed to equal zero percent (0.0 per annum for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 (iv) In connection with the implementation of a Successor Rate, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement provided , that , with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 (e) For the purposes of this Section 3.03 , those Lenders that either have not made, or do not have an obligation under this Agreement to make, the relevant Loans in the relevant Alternative Currency shall be excluded from any determination of Required Lenders. 
 1.01 Increased Costs . 
 (a) Increased Costs Generally . If any Change in Law shall 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender or the L C Issuer 
 (ii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses b through d of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto or 
 (iii) impose on any Lender or the L C Issuer, or on any applicable interbank market, any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or BSBY Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), or to increase the cost to such Lender or the L C Issuer of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or the L C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount), then, upon request of such Lender or the L C Issuer, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or the L C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the L C Issuer, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (b) Capital Requirements . If any Lender or the L C Issuer determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or the L C Issuer or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender s or the L C Issuer s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has, or would have, the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or L C Issuer s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or the L C Issuer s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the L C Issuer, to a level below that which such Lender or the L C Issuer or such Lender s or the L C Issuer s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or the L C Issuer s policies and the policies of such Lender s or the L C Issuer s holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or the L C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the L C Issuer or such Lender s or the L C Issuer s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 (c) Mandatory Costs . If any Lender or the L C Issuer incurs any Mandatory Costs attributable to the Obligations, then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or the L C Issuer, as the case may be, such Mandatory Costs. Such amount shall be expressed as a percentage rate per annum and shall be payable on the full amount of the applicable Obligations. 
 (d) Certificates for Reimbursement . A certificate of a Lender or the L C Issuer setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or the L C Issuer or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in clause (a) , b or (c) of this Section 3.04 and delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or the L C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
 (e) Delay in Requests . Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the L C Issuer to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.04 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or the L C Issuer s right to demand such compensation, provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the L C Issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.04 for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine months prior to the date that such Lender or the L C Issuer, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or the L C Issuer s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 
 3.05 Compensation for Losses . Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of 
 (a) any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period (as applicable) for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise) 
 (b) any failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Borrower 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (c) any assignment of a BSBY Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 11.13 or 
 (d) any failure by the Borrower to make payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereon) denominated in an Alternative Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency 
 including any loss of anticipated profits, any foreign exchange losses and any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained or from the performance of any foreign exchange contract. The Borrower shall also pay any customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing. 
 For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Borrower to the Lenders under this Section 3.05 , each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan made by it at the Alternative Currency Term Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the offshore interbank market for such currency for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan was in fact so funded. 
 
 3.06 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders . 
 (a) Designation of a Different Lending Office . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or requires the Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender, the L C Issuer, or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender or the L C Issuer pursuant to Section 3.01 , or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , then at the request of the Borrower, such Lender or the L C Issuer shall, as applicable, use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender or the L C Issuer, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04 , as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender or the L C Issuer, as the case may be, to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender or the L C Issuer, as the case may be. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender or the L C Issuer in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (b) Replacement of Lenders . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different lending office in accordance with Section 3.06 a ), the Borrower may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 11.13 . 
 3.07 Survival . All of the Borrower s obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder, resignation of the Administrative Agent and the Facility Termination Date. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS . 
 4.01 Conditions of Initial Credit Extension . The obligation of the L C Issuer and each Lender to make its initial Credit Extension hereunder is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent 
 (a) Execution of Credit Agreement Loan Documents . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) counterparts of this Agreement, executed by a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party and a duly authorized officer of each Lender, (ii) for the account of each Lender requesting a Note, a Note executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, (iii) counterparts of the Security Agreement, and each other Collateral Document, executed by a Responsible Officer of the applicable Loan Parties and a duly authorized officer of each other Person party thereto, as applicable and (iv) counterparts of any other Loan Document, executed by a Responsible Officer of the applicable Loan Party and a duly authorized officer of each other Person party thereto. 
 (b) Officer s Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received an Officer s Certificate dated the Closing Date, certifying as to the Organization Documents of each Loan Party (which, to the extent filed with a Governmental Authority, shall be certified as of a recent date by such Governmental Authority), the resolutions of the governing body of each Loan Party, the good standing, existence or its equivalent of each Loan Party and of the incumbency (including specimen signatures) of the Responsible Officers of each Loan Party. 
 (c) Legal Opinions of Counsel . The Administrative Agent shall have received an opinion or opinions (including, if requested by the Administrative Agent, local counsel opinions) of counsel for the Loan Parties, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent 
 (d) Financial Statements . The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received copies of the financial statements referred to in Section 5.05 , each in form and substance satisfactory to each of them. 
 (e) Personal Property Collateral . The Administrative Agent shall have received, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (i) (A) searches of UCC filings in the jurisdiction of incorporation or formation, as applicable, of each Loan Party and each jurisdiction where any Collateral is located or where a filing would need to be made in order to perfect the Administrative Agent s security interest in the Collateral, copies of the financing statements on file in such jurisdictions and evidence that no Liens exist other than Permitted Liens and (B) tax lien, judgment and bankruptcy searches 
 (ii) completed UCC financing statements for each appropriate jurisdiction as is necessary, in the Administrative Agent s sole discretion, to perfect the Administrative Agent s security interest in the Collateral 
 (iii) stock or membership certificates, if any, evidencing the Pledged Equity and undated stock or transfer powers duly executed in blank in each case to the extent such Pledged Equity is certificated 
 (iv) Qualifying Control Agreements satisfactory to the Administrative Agent to the extent required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.14 . 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (f) Liability , Casualty , Property , Terrorism and Business Interruption Insurance . The Administrative Agent shall have received copies of insurance policies, declaration pages, certificates, and endorsements of insurance or insurance binders evidencing liability, casualty, property, terrorism and business interruption insurance meeting the requirements set forth herein or in the Collateral Documents or as required by the Administrative Agent. The Loan Parties shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent an Authorization to Share Insurance Information. 
 (g) Solvency Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a Solvency Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as to the financial condition, solvency and related matters of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, after giving effect to the initial Borrowings under the Loan Documents and the other transactions contemplated hereby. 
 (h) Financial Condition Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate or certificates executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as of the Closing Date, as to certain financial matters, substantially in the form of Exhibit P . 
 (i) Reserved . 
 (j) Loan Notice . The Administrative Agent shall have received a Loan Notice with respect to the Loans to be made on the Closing Date. 
 (k) Existing Indebtedness of the Loan Parties . All of the existing Indebtedness for borrowed money of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than Indebtedness permitted to exist pursuant to Section 7.02 shall be repaid in full and all security interests related thereto shall be terminated on or prior to the Closing Date. 
 (l) Anti - Money - Laundering Beneficial Ownership . Upon the reasonable request of any Lender, the Borrower shall have provided to such Lender, and such Lender shall be reasonably satisfied with, the documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the Patriot Act, and any Loan Party that qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall have delivered to each Lender that so requests, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Loan Party. 
 (m) Consents . The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence that all members, boards of directors, governmental, shareholder and material third party consents and approvals necessary in connection with the entering into of this Agreement have been obtained. 
 (n) Fees and Expenses . The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received all fees and expenses, if any, owing pursuant to the Fee Letter and Section 2.09 . 
 (o) Due Diligence . The Lenders shall have completed a due diligence investigation of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in scope, and with results, satisfactory to the Lenders. 
 (p) Other Documents . All other documents provided for herein or which the Administrative Agent or any other Lender may reasonably request or require provided they can be produced without material expense or delay. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (q) Additional Information . Such additional information and materials which the Administrative Agent and or any Lender shall reasonably request or require provided they can be produced without material expense or delay. 
 Without limiting the generality of the provisions of Section 9.03 c ), for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 , each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 
 
 4.02 Conditions to all Credit Extensions . The obligation of each Lender and the L C Issuer to honor any Request for Credit Extension is subject to the following conditions precedent 
 (a) Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties of the Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in Article II , Article V or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, and except that for purposes of this Section 4.02 , the representations and warranties contained in Sections 5.05 a and (b) shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to Sections 6.01 a and (b), respectively. 
 (b) Default . No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds thereof. 
 (c) Request for Credit Extension . The Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the L C Issuer or the Swingline Lender shall have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof. 
 (d) Alternative Currency . In the case of a Credit Extension to be denominated in an Alternative Currency, such currency remains an Eligible Currency. In the case of a Credit Extension to be denominated in an Alternative Currency, there shall not have occurred any change in national or international financial, political or economic conditions or currency exchange rates or exchange controls which in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders (in the case of any Loans to be denominated in an Alternative Currency) or the L C Issuer (in the case of any Letter of Credit to be denominated in an Alternative Currency) would make it impracticable for such Credit Extension to be denominated in the relevant Alternative Currency. 
 (e) Legal Impediment . There shall be no impediment, restriction, limitation or prohibition imposed under Law or by any Governmental Authority, as to the proposed financing under this Agreement or the repayment thereof or as to rights created under any Loan Document or as to application of the proceeds of the realization of any such rights that would result in a Material Adverse Effect or preclude the Lenders generally from receiving the rights and benefits this Agreement creates. 
 Each Request for Credit Extension submitted by the Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02 a and b have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES . Each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, as of the date made or deemed made, that 
 5.01 Existence , Qualification and Power . Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries (a) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license except in each case referred to in clause b )( i or c ), to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The copy of the Organization Documents of each Loan Party provided to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of this Agreement is a true and correct copy of each such document, each of which is valid and in full force and effect. 
 5.02 Authorization No Contravention . The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Person is or is to be a party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (a) contravene the terms of any of such Person s Organization Documents (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any Contractual Obligation to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject or (c) violate any Law. 
 5.03 Governmental Authorization Other Consents . No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with (a) the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (b) the grant by any Loan Party of the Liens granted by it pursuant to the Collateral Documents, (c) the perfection or maintenance of the Liens created under the Collateral Documents (including the first priority nature thereof) or (d) the exercise by the Administrative Agent or any Lender of its rights under the Loan Documents or the remedies in respect of the Collateral pursuant to the Collateral Documents, other than (i) authorizations, approvals, actions, notices and filings which have been duly obtained and (ii) filings to perfect the Liens created by the Collateral Documents. 
 5.04 Binding Effect . This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document, when delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is party thereto. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principals of equity. 
 5.05 Financial Statements No Material Adverse Effect . 
 (a) Audited Financial Statements . The Audited Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein (ii) fairly present the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations, cash flows and changes in Shareholders Equity for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein and (iii) show all material indebtedness and other 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 liabilities, direct or contingent, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof, including liabilities for taxes, material commitments and Indebtedness. 
 (b) Quarterly Financial Statements . The unaudited Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries dated June 30, 2023, and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for the fiscal quarter ended on that date (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein, and (ii) fairly present the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations, cash flows and changes in Shareholders Equity for the period covered thereby, subject, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), to the absence of footnotes and to normal year-end audit adjustments. 
 (c) Material Adverse Effect . Since the date of the Audited Financial Statements (and, in addition, after delivery of the most recent annual audited financial statements in accordance with the terms hereof, since the date of such annual audited financial statements), there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.06 Litigation . There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties after due and diligent investigation, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or against any of their properties or revenues that (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any of the transactions contemplated hereby, or (b) either individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.07 No Default . Neither any Loan Party nor any Subsidiary thereof is in default under or with respect to, or a party to, any Contractual Obligation that could, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 5.08 Ownership of Property . Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries has good record and marketable title in fee simple to, or valid leasehold interests in, all real property necessary or used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for such defects in title as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.09 Environmental Matters . 
 (a) The Loan Parties and their respective Subsidiaries conduct in the ordinary course of business a review of the effect of existing Environmental Laws and claims alleging potential liability or responsibility for violation of any Environmental Law on their respective businesses, operations and properties, and as a result thereof the Loan Parties have reasonably concluded that such Environmental Laws and claims could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) Neither any Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is undertaking, and has not completed, either individually or together with other potentially responsible parties, any investigation or assessment or remedial or response action relating to any actual or threatened release, discharge or disposal of Hazardous Materials at any site, location or operation, either voluntarily or pursuant to the order of any Governmental Authority or the requirements of any Environmental Law, which could reasonably be expect to have a Material Adverse Effect and to the actual knowledge of any of Borrower s (i) President 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 and Chief Executive Officer, or (ii) Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Administrative Officer, Secretary and Treasurer, all Hazardous Materials generated, used, treated, handled or stored at, or transported to or from, any property currently or formerly owned or operated by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries have been disposed of in a manner which could not reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.10 Insurance . The properties of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of the Borrower, in such amounts (after giving effect to any self-insurance compatible with the following standards), with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in localities where the applicable Loan Party or the applicable Subsidiary operates. 
 5.11 Taxes . Each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries have filed all federal, state and other material tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have paid all federal, state and other material taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. There is no proposed tax assessment against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary that would, if made, have a Material Adverse Effect, nor is there any tax sharing agreement applicable to the Borrower or any Subsidiary. 
 5.12 ERISA Compliance . 
 (a) Each Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other federal or state laws. Each Pension Plan that is intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter or is subject to a favorable opinion letter from the IRS to the effect that the form of such Plan is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code and the trust related thereto has been determined by the IRS to be exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the Code, or an application for such a letter is currently being processed by the IRS. To the best knowledge of the Loan Parties, nothing has occurred that would prevent or cause the loss of such tax-qualified status. 
 (b) There are no pending or, to the best knowledge of the Loan Parties, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Plan that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (c) (i) No ERISA Event has occurred, and no Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate is aware of any fact, event or circumstance that could reasonably be expected to constitute or result in an ERISA Event with respect to any Pension Plan (ii) the Borrower and each ERISA Affiliate has met all applicable requirements under the Pension Funding Rules in respect of each Pension Plan, and no waiver of the minimum funding standards under the Pension Funding Rules has been applied for or obtained (iii) as of the most recent valuation date for any Pension Plan, the funding target attainment percentage (as defined in Section 430(d)(2) of the Code) is 60 or higher and no Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate knows of any facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to cause the funding target attainment percentage for any such plan to drop below 60 as of the most recent valuation date (iv) no Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred any liability to the PBGC other than for the payment of premiums, and there are no premium payments which have become due that are unpaid (v) neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Section 4069 or Section 4212(c) 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 of ERISA and (vi) no Pension Plan has been terminated by the plan administrator thereof nor by the PBGC, and no event or circumstance has occurred or exists that could reasonably be expected to cause the PBGC to institute proceedings under Title IV of ERISA to terminate any Pension Plan. 
 (d) Neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate maintains or contributes to, or has any unsatisfied obligation to contribute to, or liability under, any active or terminated Pension Plan other than (i) on the Closing Date, those listed on Schedule 5.12 hereto and (ii) thereafter, Pension Plans not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement. 
 (e) The Borrower represents and warrants as of the Closing Date that the Borrower is not and will not be using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3 42 of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to the Borrower s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement. 
 5.13 Margin Regulations Investment Company Act . 
 (a) Margin Regulations . Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is engaged or will engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the FRB), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock. Following the application of the proceeds of each Borrowing or drawing under each Letter of Credit, not more than twenty-five percent (25 of the value of the assets (either of the Borrower only or of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis) subject to the provisions of Section 7.01 or Section 7.05 or subject to any restriction contained in any agreement or instrument between the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and any Lender or any Affiliate of any Lender relating to Indebtedness and within the scope of Section 8.01 e will be margin stock. 
 (b) Investment Company Act . None of the Borrower, any Person Controlling the Borrower, or any Subsidiary is or is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 5.14 Disclosure . The Borrower has disclosed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of its Subsidiaries or any other Loan Party is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No report, financial statement, certificate or other information furnished (whether in writing or orally) by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading provided that, with respect to projected financial information, each Loan Party represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time. 
 5.15 Compliance with Laws . Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof is in compliance with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 5.16 Solvency . Each Loan Party is, individually and together with its Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis, Solvent. 
 5.17 Casualty , Etc . Neither the businesses nor the properties of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries are affected by any fire, explosion, accident, strike, lockout or other labor dispute, drought, storm, hail, earthquake, embargo, act of God or of the public enemy or other casualty (whether or not covered by insurance) that, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.18 Sanctions Concerns and Anti - Corruption Laws . 
 (a) Sanctions Concerns . No Loan Party, nor any Subsidiary, nor, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, any director, officer, employee, agent, affiliate or representative thereof, is an individual or entity that is, or is owned or controlled by one or more individuals or entities that are (i) currently the subject or target of any Sanctions, (ii) included on OFAC s List of Specially Designated Nationals or HMT s Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets, or any similar list enforced by any other relevant sanctions authority or (iii) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in compliance with all applicable Sanctions and have instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such Sanctions. 
 (b) Anti - Corruption Laws . The Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries have conducted their business in compliance in all material respects with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and other applicable anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions, and have instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws. 
 5.19 Responsible Officers . Set forth on Schedule 1.01 c are Responsible Officers, holding the offices indicated next to their respective names, as of the Closing Date and as of the last date such Schedule 1.01 c was required to be updated in accordance with Sections 6.02 , 6.13 and 6.14 and such Responsible Officers are the duly elected and qualified officers of such Loan Party and are duly authorized to execute and deliver, on behalf of the respective Loan Party, this Agreement, the Notes and the other Loan Documents. 
 5.20 Subsidiaries Equity Interests Loan Parties . 
 (a) Subsidiaries , Joint Ventures , Partnerships and Equity Investments . Set forth on Schedule 5.20(a) , is the following information which is true and complete in all respects as of the Closing Date and as of the last date such Schedule was required to be updated in accordance with Sections 6.02 , 6.13 and 6.14 (i) a complete and accurate list of all Subsidiaries, joint ventures and partnerships and other equity investments of the Loan Parties as of the Closing Date and as of the last date such Schedule was required to be updated in accordance with Sections 6.02 , 6.13 and 6.14 , (ii) the number of shares of each class of Equity Interests in each Subsidiary outstanding, (iii) the number and percentage of outstanding shares of each class of Equity Interests owned by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries and (iv) the class or nature of such Equity Interests (i.e., voting, non-voting, preferred, etc.). The outstanding Equity Interests in all Subsidiaries are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and are owned free and clear of all Liens. There are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, rights or other agreements or commitments (other than stock options granted to employees or directors and directors qualifying shares) of any nature relating to the Equity Interests of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, except as contemplated in connection with the Loan Documents. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (b) Loan Parties . Set forth on Schedule 5.20(b) is a complete and accurate list of all Loan Parties, showing as of the Closing Date, or as of the last date such Schedule was required to be updated in accordance with Sections 6.02 , 6.13 and 6.14 , (as to each Loan Party) (i) the exact legal name, (ii) any former legal names of such Loan Party in the four months prior to the Closing Date, (iii) the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, as applicable, (iv) the type of organization, (v) the jurisdictions in which such Loan Party is qualified to do business, (vi) the address of its chief executive office, (vii) the address of its principal place of business, (viii) its U.S. federal taxpayer identification number or, in the case of any non-U.S. Loan Party that does not have a U.S. taxpayer identification number, its unique identification number issued to it by the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (ix) the organization identification number, (x) ownership information (e.g., publicly held or if private or partnership, the owners and partners of each of the Loan Parties) and (xi) the industry or nature of business of such Loan Party. 
 5.21 Collateral Representations . 
 (a) Collateral Documents . The provisions of the Collateral Documents are effective to create in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties a legal, valid and enforceable first priority Lien (subject to Permitted Liens) on all right, title and interest of the respective Loan Parties in the Collateral described therein. Except for filings completed prior to the Closing Date and as contemplated hereby and by the Collateral Documents, no filing or other action will be necessary to perfect or protect such Liens. 
 (b) Pledged Equity Interests . Set forth on Schedule 5 . 21 b ), as of the Closing Date and as of the last date such Schedule 5 . 21 b was required to be updated in accordance with Sections 6.02 , 6.13 and 6.14 , is a list of (i) all Pledged Equity and (ii) all other Equity Interests required to be pledged to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Collateral Documents (in each case, detailing the Grantor (as defined in the Security Agreement), the Person whose Equity Interests are pledged, the number of shares of each class of Equity Interests, the certificate number and percentage ownership of outstanding shares of each class of Equity Interests and the class or nature of such Equity Interests i . e ., voting, non-voting, preferred, etc.)). 
 5.22 Affected Financial Institutions . No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution. 
 5.23 Covered Entities . No Loan Party is a Covered Entity. 
 5.24 Beneficial Ownership Certification . The information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification, if applicable, is true and correct in all respects. 
 VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS . Each of the Loan Parties hereby covenants and agrees that on the Closing Date and thereafter until the Facility Termination Date, such Loan Party shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to 
 6.01 Financial Statements . Deliver to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, in form and detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders 
 (a) Audited Financial Statements . As soon as available, but in any event within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or, if earlier, fifteen (15) days after the date required to be filed with the SEC (without giving effect to any extension permitted by the SEC)), a Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, changes in Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, such Consolidated statements to be audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of an independent certified public accountant of nationally recognized standing reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit. 
 (b) Quarterly Financial Statements . As soon as available, but in any event within forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the first three (3) fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or, if earlier, five (5) days after the date required to be filed with the SEC (without giving effect to any extension permitted by the SEC)), a Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter, and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, changes in Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such fiscal quarter and for the portion of the Borrower s fiscal year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding fiscal quarter of the previous fiscal year and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, of the Borrower as fairly presenting the financial condition, results of operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes. 
 (c) Business Plan and Budget. As soon as available, but in any event within 30 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2020, an annual business plan and budget of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis, including forecasts prepared by management of the Borrower, in form satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, of Consolidated balance sheets and statements of income or operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a monthly basis for the immediately following fiscal year. 
 As to any information contained in materials furnished pursuant to Section 6.02 e ), the Borrower shall not be separately required to furnish such information under Section 6.01 a or b above, but the foregoing shall not be in derogation of the obligation of the Borrower to furnish the information and materials described in Sections 6.01 a and b above at the times specified therein. 
 6.02 Certificates Other Information . Deliver to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, in form and detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders 
 (a) Compliance Certificate . Concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01 a and b a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or controller which is a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Unless the Administrative Agent or a Lender requests executed originals, delivery of the Compliance Certificate may be by electronic communication including fax or email and shall be deemed to be an original and authentic counterpart thereof for all purposes. 
 (b) Updated Schedules . Concurrently with the delivery of the Compliance Certificate referred to in Section 6.02 a ), the following updated Schedules to this Agreement (which may be attached to the Compliance Certificate) to the extent required to make the representation related to such Schedule true and correct as of the date of such Compliance Certificate Schedules 5.20 a ), 5.20 b and 5 . 21 b ). 
 (c) Changes in Entity Structure . Within ten (10) days prior to any merger, consolidation, dissolution or other change in entity structure of any Loan Party permitted pursuant to the terms hereof, 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 provide notice of such change in entity structure to the Administrative Agent, along with such other information as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. Provide notice to the Administrative Agent, not less than ten (10) days prior (or such extended period of time as agreed to by the Administrative Agent) of any change in any Loan Party s legal name, state of organization, or organizational existence. 
 (d) Audit Reports Management Letters Recommendations . Promptly after any request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, copies of any detailed audit reports, management letters or recommendations submitted to the board of directors (or the audit committee of the board of directors) of any Loan Party by independent accountants in connection with the accounts or books of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or any audit of any of them. 
 (e) Annual Reports Etc . Promptly after the same are available, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or communication sent to the stockholders of the Borrower, and copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which the Borrower may file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or with any national securities exchange, and in any case not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto. 
 (f) SEC Notices . Promptly, and in any event within five Business Days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, copies of each notice or other correspondence received from the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction) concerning any investigation or possible investigation or other inquiry by such agency regarding financial or other operational results of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof. 
 (g) Notices . Not later than five Business Days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, copies of all notices, requests and other documents (including amendments, waivers and other modifications) so received under or pursuant to any instrument, indenture, loan or credit or similar agreement and, from time to time upon request by the Administrative Agent, such information and reports regarding such instruments, indentures and loan and credit and similar agreements as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. 
 (h) Environmental Notice . Promptly after the assertion or occurrence thereof, notice of any action or proceeding against or of any noncompliance by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries with any Environmental Law or Environmental Permit that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (i) Anti - Money - Laundering Beneficial Ownership Regulation . Promptly following any request therefor, information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the Patriot Act. 
 (j) Beneficial Ownership . To the extent any Loan Party qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, an updated Beneficial Ownership Certification promptly following any change in the information provided in the Beneficial Ownership Certification delivered to any Lender in relation to such Loan Party that would result in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified in such certification. 
 (k) Backlog Report . Concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01 a and b ), a backlog report in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

(l) Additional Information . Promptly, such additional information regarding the business, financial, legal or corporate affairs of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request. 
 (m) Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 a or b or Section 6.02 e (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Borrower s website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 1.01 a or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrower s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent) provided that (x) the Borrower shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent or any Lender upon its request to the Borrower to deliver such paper copies until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent or such Lender and (y) the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender (by fax transmission or e-mail transmission) of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by e-mail electronic versions i . e ., soft copies) of such documents. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain paper copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Borrower with any such request by a Lender for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. 
 (n) The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (i) the Administrative Agent and or an Affiliate thereof may, but shall not be obligated to, make available to the Lenders and the L C Issuer materials and or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar or a substantially similar electronic transmission system (the Platform and (ii) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons securities. The Borrower hereby agrees that so long as the Borrower is the issuer of any outstanding debt or Equity Interests that are registered or issued pursuant to a private offering or is actively contemplating issuing any such securities it will use commercially reasonable efforts to identify that portion of the Borrower Materials that may be distributed to the Public Lenders and that (A) all such Borrower Materials shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof (B) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, any Affiliate thereof, the Arranger, the L C Issuer and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information (although it may be sensitive and proprietary) with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States federal and state securities laws provided , however , that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 11.07 (C) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side Information and (D) the Administrative Agent and any Affiliate thereof and the Arranger shall be entitled to treat the Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Side Information. 
 6.03 Notices . Promptly, but in any event within two Business Days, notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender 
 (a) of the occurrence of any Default 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (b) of any matter that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, including (i) breach or non-performance of, or any default under, a Contractual Obligation of the Borrower or any Subsidiary (ii) any action, suit, dispute, litigation, investigation, proceeding or suspension involving or any Subsidiary and any Governmental Authority or (iii) the commencement of, or any material development in, any litigation or proceeding affecting the Borrower or any Subsidiary, including pursuant to any applicable Environmental Laws 
 (c) of the occurrence of an ERISA Event that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect which notice shall be provided within 10 Business Days of Borrower s actual knowledge of such an ERISA Event 
 (d) of any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof , including any determination the Borrower referred to in Section 2.10 b 
 (e) of any occurrence for which the Borrower is required to make a mandatory prepayment pursuant to Section 2.05(b) and 
 (f) of any Specified Cash Collateral Trigger Event with updates thereafter from time to time as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. 
 Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and to the extent applicable, stating what action the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto. Each notice pursuant to Section 6.03 a shall describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan Document that have been breached (or otherwise in the case of a Specified Cash Collateral Trigger Event, affected). 
 
 6.04 Payment of Obligations . Pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable, all its obligations and liabilities, including (a) all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets, unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Borrower or such Subsidiary (b) all lawful claims which, if unpaid, would by law become a Lien upon its property and (c) all Indebtedness, as and when due and payable, but subject to any subordination provisions contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing such Indebtedness. 
 6.05 Preservation of Existence , Etc . 
 (a) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization except in a transaction permitted by Section 7.04 or 7.05 
 (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and 
 (c) preserve or renew all of its registered patents, trademarks, trade names and service marks, the non-preservation of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 6.06 Maintenance of Properties . 
 (a) Maintain, preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted 
 (b) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and 
 (c) use the standard of care typical in the industry in the operation and maintenance of its facilities. 
 6.07 Maintenance of Insurance . Maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of the Borrower, insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business, of such types and in such amounts as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons and all such insurance shall (i) provide for not less than 30 days prior notice to the Administrative Agent of termination, lapse or cancellation of such insurance, (ii) name the Administrative Agent as additional insured on behalf of the Secured Parties (in the case of liability insurance) or loss payee (in the case of property insurance), as applicable, (iii) if reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, include a breach of warranty clause and (iv) be reasonably satisfactory in all other respects to the Administrative Agent. 
 6.08 Compliance with Laws . Comply with the requirements of all Applicable Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (b) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.09 Books and Records . 
 (a) Maintain proper books of record and account, in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary, as the case may be. 
 (b) Maintain such books of record and account in material conformity with all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority having regulatory jurisdiction over Borrower or such Subsidiary, as the case may be. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 6.10 Inspection Rights . Permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent and each Lender to visit and inspect any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors, officers, and independent public accountants, all at the expense of the Borrower and at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrower provided , however , that when an Event of Default exists the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time during normal business hours and without advance notice. 
 6.11 Use of Proceeds . Use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions for general corporate purposes not in contravention of any Law or of any Loan Document. 
 6.12 Reserved . 
 6.13 Covenant to Guarantee Obligations . The Loan Parties will cause each of their Subsidiaries (other than any CFC or Subsidiary that is held directly or indirectly by a CFC) whether newly formed, after acquired or otherwise existing to promptly (and in any event within 30 days after such Subsidiary is formed or acquired (or such longer period of time as agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion)) become a Guarantor hereunder by way of execution of a Joinder Agreement provided, however, no Foreign Subsidiary shall be required to become a Guarantor to the extent such Guaranty would result in a material adverse tax consequence for the Borrower. In connection therewith, the Loan Parties shall give notice to the Administrative Agent not less than 10 days prior to creating a Subsidiary (or such shorter period of time as agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion), or acquiring the Equity Interests of any other Person. In connection with the foregoing, the Loan Parties shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, with respect to each new Guarantor to the extent applicable, substantially the same documentation required pursuant to Sections 4.01 b and 6.14 and such other documents or agreements as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, including without limitation, updated Schedules 1.01 c ), 5.10 , 5.12 , 5.20 a ), 5.20 b and 5.21 b ). 
 6.14 Covenant to Give Security . Except with respect to Excluded Property 
 (a) Equity Interests and Personal Property . Each Loan Party will cause the Pledged Equity to be subject at all times to a first priority, perfected Lien (subject to Permitted Liens to the extent permitted by the Loan Documents) in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties to secure the Secured Obligations pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Collateral Documents. Each Loan Party shall provide opinions of counsel and any filings and deliveries reasonably necessary in connection therewith to perfect the security interests therein, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (b) Reserved . 
 (c) Updated Schedules . Concurrently with the delivery of any Collateral pursuant to the terms of this Section 6.14 , the Borrower shall provide the Administrative Agent with the applicable updated Schedule s 5.20 a ), 5 . 20 b and 5.21 b ). 
 (d) Further Assurances . At any time upon request of the Administrative Agent, promptly execute and deliver any and all further instruments and documents and take all such other action (including promptly completing any registration or stamping of documents as may be applicable) as the Administrative Agent may deem necessary or desirable to maintain in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, Liens and insurance rights on the Collateral that are duly perfected 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 in accordance with the requirements of, or the obligations of the Loan Parties under, the Loan Documents and all Applicable Laws. 
 6.15 Cash Management . Maintain all primary cash management and treasury business with Bank of America, including, without limitation, all deposit accounts, disbursement accounts, investment accounts and lockbox accounts. For avoidance of doubt, Borrower and its Subsidiaries may maintain transactional accounts at other financial institutions. 
 6.16 Anti - Corruption Laws Sanctions . Conduct its business in compliance in all material respects with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and other applicable anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions and with all applicable Sanctions, and maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws and Sanctions. 
 6.17 Specified Cash Collateral Trigger Event . Prior to the last day of the Specified Cash Collateral Trigger Event Standstill Period, either (a) deliver to the Administrative Agent a written certification by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower accompanied by documentation or other support therefor reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent that the Borrower reasonably and in good faith has determined that the underlying disputes or claims asserted which gave rise to such Specified Cash Collateral Trigger Event have been settled or resolved and the Borrower has commenced corrective actions according to such settlement or resolution, or (b) Cash Collateralize the Obligations and thereafter maintain such Cash Collateral with the Administrative Agent for so long as the applicable Specified Cash Collateral Trigger Event is continuing in an amount agreed to in writing by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (as such amount may from time to time thereafter be adjusted as agreed to in writing by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent). 
 VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS . Each of the Loan Parties hereby covenants and agrees that on the Closing Date and thereafter until the Facility Termination Date, no Loan Party shall, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly 
 7.01 Liens . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, except for the following (the Permitted Liens 
 (a) Liens pursuant to any Loan Document 
 (b) Liens existing on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 7.01 and any renewals or extensions thereof, provided that (i) the property covered thereby is not changed, (ii) the amount secured or benefited thereby is not increased except as contemplated by Section 7.02 b ), (iii) the direct or any contingent obligor with respect thereto is not changed, and (iv) any renewal or extension of the obligations secured or benefited thereby is permitted by Section 7.02 b 
 (c) Liens for Taxes not yet due or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP 
 (d) Statutory Liens such as carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business which are not overdue for a period of more than 30 days or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted provided that adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (e) pledges or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation, other than any Lien imposed by ERISA 
 (f) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness), statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (g) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar encumbrances affecting real property which, in the aggregate, are not substantial in amount, and which do not in any case materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the applicable Person 
 (h) Liens securing judgments for the payment of money (or appeal or other surety bonds relating to such judgments but not Surety Bonds as defined under, and used in, this Agreement) not constituting an Event of Default under Section 8.01 h 
 (i) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.02 c provided that (i) such Liens do not at any time encumber any property other than the property financed by such Indebtedness and (ii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost or fair market value, whichever is lower, of the property being acquired on the date of acquisition 
 (j) bankers Liens, rights of setoff and other similar Liens existing solely with respect to cash and Cash Equivalents on deposit in one or more accounts maintained by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with any Lender, in each case in the ordinary course of business in favor of the bank or banks with which such accounts are maintained, securing solely the customary amounts owing to such bank with respect to cash management and operating account arrangements provided , that in no case shall any such Liens secure (either directly or indirectly) the repayment of any Indebtedness 
 (k) Liens arising out of judgments or awards not resulting in an Event of Default provided the applicable Loan Party or Subsidiary shall in good faith be prosecuting an appeal or proceedings for review 
 (l) Any interest or title of a lessor, licensor or sublessor under any lease, license or sublease entered into by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof in the ordinary course of business and covering only the assets so leased, licensed or subleased 
 (m) RESERVED and 
 (n) other Liens not to exceed 500,000 provided that no such Lien shall extend to or cover any Collateral. 
 7.02 Indebtedness . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except (without duplication) 
 (a) Indebtedness under the Loan Documents 
 (b) Indebtedness outstanding on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 7.02 and any refinancings, refundings, renewals or extensions thereof provided that the amount of such Indebtedness is not increased at the time of such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension except by an amount equal to a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 connection with such refinancing and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder and the direct or any contingent obligor with respect thereto is not changed, as a result of or in connection with such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension provided further that, Indebtedness subordinated to the Obligations may not be refinanced except on subordination terms at least as favorable to the Lenders and no more restrictive on Borrower than the subordinated Indebtedness being refinanced, and in an amount not less than the amount outstanding at the time of such refinancing 
 (c) Indebtedness in respect of Financing Leases, Synthetic Lease Obligations and purchase money obligations for fixed or capital assets within the limitations set forth in Section 7.01 i provided , however , that the aggregate amount of all such Indebtedness at any one time outstanding shall not exceed 5,000,000 
 (d) unsecured Indebtedness of a Subsidiary of the Borrower owed to the Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower, which Indebtedness shall be otherwise permitted under the provisions of Section 7.03 Intercompany Debt 
 (e) Guarantees of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in respect of Indebtedness otherwise permitted hereunder of the Borrower or any wholly-owned Subsidiary, provided that , Foreign Subsidiaries shall not guaranty or otherwise provide credit support for any Indebtedness 
 (f) obligations (contingent or otherwise) existing or arising under any Swap Contract, provided that (i) such obligations are (or were) entered into by such Person in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of directly mitigating risks associated with fluctuations in interest rates or foreign exchange rates and (ii) such Swap Contract does not contain any provision exonerating the non-defaulting party from its obligation to make payments on outstanding transactions to the defaulting party 
 (g) Indebtedness under the Bonds 
 (h) Indebtedness of Powell UK Ltd. that does not exceed 22,000,000 
 (i) the Guarantee by the Borrower of Indebtedness of Powell UK Ltd. so long as the maximum amount of such guarantee does not exceed 22,000,000 at any time 
 (j) Indebtedness evidenced by Surety Bonds 
 (k) Indebtedness to insurance companies or their Affiliates incurred to finance premiums on policies provided by such insurance companies (and the amount thereof limited to such purpose) in the ordinary course of business and 
 (l) Other unsecured Indebtedness not contemplated by the above provisions in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 5,000,000 at any time outstanding. 
 7.03 Investments . Make or hold any Investments, except 
 (a) Investments held by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents 
 (b) advances to officers, directors and employees of the Borrower and Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed 250,000 at any time outstanding, for travel, entertainment, relocation and analogous ordinary business purposes 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (c) (i) Investments by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in their respective Subsidiaries outstanding on the date hereof, (ii) additional Investments by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in Loan Parties, (iii) additional Investments by Subsidiaries of the Borrower that are not Loan Parties in other Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties, (iv) additional Investments by any Loan Party in any wholly owned Subsidiary in existence as of the Closing Date and any additional Investments by a wholly owned Subsidiary in another wholly owned Subsidiary, and (v) Investments by Borrower in any non-wholly owned Subsidiary in existence as of the Closing Date in an aggregate amount invested not to exceed 1,000,000 in any fiscal year 
 (d) Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business, and Investments received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account debtors to the extent reasonably necessary in order to prevent or limit loss 
 (e) Guarantees permitted by Section 7.02 
 (f) Investments existing on the date hereof (other than those referred to in Section 7.03(c) i )) and set forth on Schedule 7.03 
 (g) Permitted Acquisitions (other than of CFCs and Subsidiaries held directly or indirectly by a CFC which Investments are covered by Section 7.03(c) iv )) and 
 (h) Investments (including debt obligations) received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of suppliers and customers and in settlement of delinquent obligations of, and other disputes with, customers and suppliers arising in the ordinary course of business. 
 7.04 Fundamental Changes . Merge, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or into another Person, or Dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any Person (including, in each case, pursuant to a Division), except that, so long as no Default exists or would result therefrom 
 (a) any Subsidiary may merge with (i) the Borrower provided that the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person, or (ii) any one or more other Subsidiaries, provided that when any Loan Party is merging with another Subsidiary, such Loan Party shall be the continuing or surviving Person 
 (b) any Loan Party may Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to the Borrower or to another Loan Party 
 7.05 Dispositions . Make any Disposition or enter into any agreement to make any Disposition, except 
 (a) Permitted Transfers 
 (b) Dispositions of obsolete or worn out property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in the ordinary course of business 
 (c) Dispositions of equipment or real property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of such Disposition are reasonably promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property and 
 (d) Dispositions permitted by Section 7.04 . 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 7.06 Restricted Payments . Declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, or incur any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to do so, except that, so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of any action described below or would result therefrom 
 (a) each Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments to Borrower and to wholly- owned Subsidiaries (and, in the case of a Restricted Payment by a non-wholly-owned Subsidiary, to Borrower and any Subsidiary and to each other owner of capital stock or other equity interests of such Subsidiary on a pro rata basis based on their relative ownership interests) 
 (b) Borrower and each Subsidiary may declare and make dividend payments or other distributions payable solely in the common stock or other common equity interests of such Person 
 (c) Borrower and each Subsidiary may purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire shares of its common stock or other common equity interests or warrants or options to acquire any such shares with the proceeds received from the substantially concurrent issue of new shares of its common stock or other common equity interests 
 (d) Borrower may pay quarterly dividends to its shareholders in cash, in an amount not to exceed 15,000,000 during any fiscal year and 
 (e) Borrower may purchase or otherwise acquire shares of its common stock pursuant to share repurchase programs authorized, from time to time, by its board of directors, in an amount not to exceed 35,000,000 in the aggregate, from the Closing Date to the Maturity Date. 
 7.07 Change in Nature of Business . Engage in any material line of business substantially different from those lines of business conducted by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the date hereof or any business substantially related or incidental thereto. 
 7.08 Transactions with Affiliates . Enter into or permit to exist any transaction or series of transactions with any officer, director or Affiliate of such Person other than (a) advances of working capital to any Loan Party, (b) transfers of cash and assets to any Loan Party, (c) intercompany transactions expressly permitted by this Agreement, (d) normal and reasonable compensation and reimbursement of expenses of officers and directors, (e) other transactions where the amount involved in any 12 month period does not exceed 120,000, and (f) except as otherwise specifically limited in this Agreement, other transactions which are entered into in the ordinary course of such Person s business on fair and reasonable terms and conditions substantially as favorable to such Person as would be obtainable by it in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person other than an officer, director or Affiliate. 
 7.09 Burdensome Agreements . Enter into, or permit to exist, any Contractual Obligation (except for this Agreement and the other Loan Documents) that (a) encumbers or restricts the ability of any such Person to (i) to act as a Loan Party (ii) make Restricted Payments to any Loan Party, (iii) pay any Indebtedness or other obligation owed to any Loan Party, (iv) make loans or advances to any Loan Party, or (v) create any Lien upon any of their properties or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, except, in the case of clause a )( v only, for any document or instrument governing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 7.02 c ), provided that any such restriction contained therein relates only to the asset or assets constructed or acquired in connection therewith, or (b) requires the grant of any Lien on property for any obligation if a Lien on such property is given as security for the Secured Obligations. 
 7.10 Use of Proceeds . Use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, to purchase or carry margin stock (within 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 the meaning of Regulation U of the FRB) or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose. 
 7.11 Financial Covenants . 
 (a) Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio . Permit the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio as of the end of any Measurement Period ending as of the end of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower to be greater than or equal to 3.00 to 1.00. 
 (b) Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio . Permit the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio as of the end of any Measurement Period ending as of the end of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower to be less than 3.00 to 1.00. 
 (c) Liquidity . Permit Liquidity at any time during any period (a) on and after the Second Amendment Effective Date but prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date to be less than 50,000,000 or (b) on or after the Third Amendment Effective Date to be less than 60,000,000. 
 7.12 Amendments of Organization Documents Fiscal Year Legal Name , State of Formation Form of Entity and Accounting Changes . 
 (a) Amend any of its Organization Documents 
 (b) change its fiscal year 
 (c) without providing 10 days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent (or such extended period of time as agreed to by the Administrative Agent), change its name, state of formation, form of organization or principal place of business or 
 (d) make any change in accounting policies or reporting practices, except as required by GAAP. 
 7.13 Sale and Leaseback Transactions . Enter into any Sale and Leaseback Transaction. 
 7.14 Sanctions . Directly or indirectly, use any Credit Extension or the proceeds of any Credit Extension, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such Credit Extension or the proceeds of any Credit Extension to any Person, to fund any activities of or business with any Person, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person (including any Person participating in the transaction, whether as Lender, Arranger, Administrative Agent, L C Issuer, Swingline Lender, or otherwise) of Sanctions. 
 7.15 Anti - Corruption Laws . Directly or indirectly, use any Credit Extension or the proceeds of any Credit Extension for any purpose which would breach the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and other anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions. 
 VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES . 
 8.01 Events of Default . Any of the following shall constitute an event of default (each, an Event of Default 
 (a) Non - Payment . The Borrower or any other Loan Party fails to pay (i) when and as required to be paid herein, and in the currency required hereunder, any amount of principal of 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 any Loan or any L C Obligation or deposit any funds as Cash Collateral in respect of L C Obligations, or (ii) within three (3) days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan or on any L C Obligation, or any fee due hereunder, or (iii) within five (5) days after the same becomes due, any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document or 
 (b) Specific Covenants . Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Sections 2.05 b ), 2.16 , 6.03 , 6.05 , 6.08 , 6.10 , 6.11 , 7.01, 7.04, 7.06, 7.11 , 7 . 14 or 7 . 15 . 
 (c) Other Defaults . Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in Section 8.01 a or b above) contained in any Loan Documen t on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for 30 days or 
 (d) Representations and Warranties . Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower or any other Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be incorrect or misleading when made or deemed made or 
 (e) Cross - Default . (i) Any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof (A) fails to make any payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Indebtedness or Guarantee (other than Indebtedness hereunder and Indebtedness under Swap Contracts) having an aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than the Threshold Amount, or (B) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to any such Indebtedness or Guarantee or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event occurs, the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or the beneficiary or beneficiaries of such Guarantee (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to be demanded or to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity, or such Guarantee to become payable or cash collateral in respect thereof to be demanded (ii) there occurs under any Swap Contract an Early Termination Date (as defined in such Swap Contract) resulting from (A) any event of default under such Swap Contract as to which a Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof is the Defaulting Party (as defined in such Swap Contract) or (B) any Termination Event (as so defined) under such Swap Contract as to which a Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof is an Affected Party (as so defined) and, in either event, the Swap Termination Value owed by such Loan Party or such Subsidiary as a result thereof is greater than the Threshold Amount or 
 (f) Insolvency Proceedings , Etc . Any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property or any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent of such Person and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for sixty (60) calendar days or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for sixty (60) calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding or 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (g) Inability to Pay Debts Attachment . (i) Any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof becomes unable or admits in writing its inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due, or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of any such Person and is not released, vacated or fully bonded within thirty (30) days after its issue or levy or 
 (h) Judgments . (i) There is entered against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof one or more final judgments or orders for the payment of money in an aggregate amount (as to all such judgments and orders) exceeding the Threshold Amount (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer is rated at least A by A.M. Best Company, has been notified of the potential claim and does not dispute coverage), or (ii) any one or more non-monetary final judgments that have, or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and, in either case, (A) enforcement proceedings are commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order, or (B) there is a period of ten (10) consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, is not in effect or 
 (i) ERISA . (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of any Loan Party under Title IV of ERISA to the Pension Plan, Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount, or (ii) the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount or 
 (j) Invalidity of Loan Documents . Any provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all Obligations arising under the Loan Documents, ceases to be in full force and effect or any Loan Party or any other Person contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any provision of any Loan Document or any Loan Party denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any provision of any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any provision of any Loan Document or 
 (k) Collateral Documents . Any Collateral Document after delivery thereof pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents shall for any reason cease to create a valid and perfected first priority Lien (subject to Permitted Liens) on the Collateral purported to be covered thereby, or any Loan Party shall assert the invalidity of such Liens or 
 (l) Change of Control . There occurs any Change of Control 
 (m) Material Adverse Effect . A Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred or 
 (n) Specified Cash Collateral Trigger Event . (i) A Specified Cash Collateral Trigger Event has occurred and by no later than thirty (30) days after the last day of the Specified Cash Collateral Trigger Event Standstill Period the Borrower has not Cash Collateralized the Obligations or settled in writing or obtained a written waiver from the applicable contract counterparty customer or otherwise cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the applicable surety and customer the event(s) which gave rise to the Specified Cash Collateral Trigger Event, or (ii) to the extent the Obligations have been Cash Collateralized in accordance with Section 6.17 , the Borrower fails at any time after five (5) Business Days written notice from Administrative Agent 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 to maintain Cash Collateral to secure the Obligations at all times during the continuance of a Specified Cash Collateral Trigger Event, in either case in accordance with Section 6.17 . 
 Without limiting the provisions of Article IX , if a Default shall have occurred under the Loan Documents, then such Default will continue to exist until it either is cured (to the extent specifically permitted) in accordance with the Loan Documents or is otherwise expressly waived by Administrative Agent (with the approval of requisite Appropriate Lenders (in their sole discretion)) as determined in accordance with Section 11.01 and once an Event of Default occurs under the Loan Documents, then such Event of Default will continue to exist until it is expressly waived by the requisite Appropriate Lenders or by the Administrative Agent with the approval of the requisite Appropriate Lenders, as required hereunder in Section 11.01 . 
 
 8.02 Remedies upon Event of Default . If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions 
 (a) declare the Commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L C Issuer to make L C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated 
 (b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower 
 (c) require that the Borrower Cash Collateralize the L C Obligations (in an amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount with respect thereto) and 
 (d) exercise on behalf of itself, the Lenders and the L C Issuer all rights and remedies available to it, the Lenders and the L C Issuer under the Loan Documents or Applicable Law or equity 
 provided , however , that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L C Issuer to make L C Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrower to Cash Collateralize the L C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
 8.03 Application of Funds . 
 (a) After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L C Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02 or if at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all Secured Obligations then due hereunder, any amounts received on account of the Secured Obligations shall, subject to the provisions of Sections 2.14 and 2.15 , be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order 
 First , to payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under Article III payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such 
 Second , to payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, interest, and Letter of Credit Fees) payable to the Lender and the L C Issuer (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders and the L C Issuer) arising under the Loan Documents and amounts payable under Article III , ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them 
 Third , to payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit Fees and interest on the Loans, L C Borrowings and other Secured Obligations arising under the Loan Documents, ratably among the Lenders and the L C Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them 
 Fourth , to payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans, L C Borrowings and Secured Obligations then owing under Secured Hedge Agreements and Secured Cash Management Agreements and to the to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L C Issuer, to Cash Collateralize that portion of L C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit to the extent not otherwise Cash Collateralized by the Borrower pursuant to Sections 2.03 and 2.14 , in each case ratably among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the L C Issuer, the Hedge Banks and the Cash Management Banks in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them and 
 Last , the balance, if any, after all of the Secured Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Law. 
 (b) Subject to Sections 2.03 c and 2.14 , amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to the clause Fourth above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Secured Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to any Guarantor shall not be paid with amounts received from such Guarantor or its assets, but appropriate adjustments shall be made with respect to payments from other Loan Parties to preserve the allocation to Secured Obligations otherwise set forth above in this Section 8.03 . 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Secured Obligations arising under Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements shall be excluded from the application described above if the Administrative Agent has not received a Secured Party Designation Notice, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank, as the case may be. Each Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank not a party to this Agreement that has given the notice contemplated by the preceding sentence shall, by such notice, be deemed to have acknowledged and accepted the appointment of the Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of Article IX for itself and its Affiliates as if a Lender party hereto. 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 IX. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT. 
 9.01 Appointment and Authority . 
 (a) Appointment . Each of the Lenders and the L C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints, designates and authorizes Bank of America to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article IX are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L C Issuer, and neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any Applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. In addition, to the extent required under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States of America, each of the Lenders and Secured Parties hereby grants to the Administrative Agent any required powers of attorney to execute any Collateral Document or other Loan Document governed by the laws of such jurisdiction on such Lender s or Secured Party s behalf. 
 (b) Collateral Agent . The Administrative Agent shall also act as the collateral agent under the Loan Documents, and each of the Lenders (including in its capacities as a potential Hedge Bank and a potential Cash Management Bank) and the L C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to act as the agent of such Lender and the L C Issuer for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Secured Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. In this connection, the Administrative Agent, as collateral agent and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.05 for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Collateral Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Administrative Agent, shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of this Article IX and Article XI (including Section 11.04 c ), as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the collateral agent under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto. 
 9.02 Rights as a Lender . The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial, advisory, underwriting or other business with any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or to provide notice to or consent of the Lenders with respect thereto. 
 9.03 Exculpatory Provisions . 
 (a) The Administrative Agent or the Arranger, as applicable, shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and its duties 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent or the Arranger, as applicable, and its Related Parties 
 (i) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing 
 (ii) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or Applicable Law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law and 
 (iii) shall not have any duty or responsibility to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, to any Lender or the L C Issuer any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any of the Loan Parties or any of their Affiliates that is communicated to, or in the possession of, the Administrative Agent, the Arranger or any of their Related Parties in any capacity, except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders and or the L C Issuer by the Administrative Agent herein. 
 (b) Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary), or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 11.01 and 8.02 or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given in writing to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, a Lender or the L C Issuer. 
 (c) Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties have any duty or obligation to any Lender or participant or any other Person to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or the creation, perfection or priority of any Lien purported to be created by the Collateral Documents, (v) the value or the sufficiency of any Collateral, or (vi) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 9.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall be fully protected in relying and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, communication, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall be fully protected in relying and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance, extension, renewal or increase of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or the L C Issuer, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or the L C Issuer unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or the L C Issuer prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Loan Parties), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in Section 4.01 , each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objections. 
 9.05 Delegation of Duties . The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article IX shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the Facilities as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. 
 9.06 Resignation of Administrative Agent . 
 (a) Notice . The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the L C Issuer and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Borrower, to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Resignation Effective Date ), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) on behalf of the Lenders and the L C Issuer, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above provided that in no event shall any successor Administrative Agent be a Defaulting Lender. Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. 
 (b) Defaulting Lender. If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause d of the definition thereof, the Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, by notice in writing to the Borrower and such Person remove such Person as 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Administrative Agent and, in consultation with the Borrower, appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Removal Effective Date ), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. 
 (c) Effect of Resignation or Removal . With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (i) the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders or the L C Issuer under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (ii) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and the L C Issuer directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring or removed Administrative Agent (other than as provided in Section 3.01 g and other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent as of the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date, as applicable), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section 9.06 ). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring or removed Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article XI and Section 11.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them (A) while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent and (B) after such resignation or removal for as long as any of them continues to act in any capacity hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, (1) acting as collateral agent or otherwise holding any collateral security on behalf of any of the Secured Parties and (2) in respect of any actions taken in connection with transferring the agency to any successor Administrative Agent. 
 (d) L C Issuer and Swingline Lender . Any resignation or removal by Bank of America as Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 9.06 shall also constitute its resignation as L C Issuer and Swingline Lender. If Bank of America resigns as the L C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the L C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as the L C Issuer and all L C Obligations with respect thereto, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03 c ). If Bank of America resigns as Swingline Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swingline Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swingline Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swingline Loans pursuant to Section 2.04 c ). Upon the appointment by the Borrower of a successor L C Issuer or Swingline Lender hereunder (which successor shall in all cases be a Lender other than a Defaulting Lender), (i) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L C Issuer or Swingline Lender, as applicable, (ii) the retiring L C Issuer and Swingline Lender shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, and (iii) the successor L C Issuer shall issue Letters of Credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America to effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America with respect to such Letters of Credit. 
 9.07 Non - Reliance on Administrative Agent , the Arranger and the Other Lenders . Each Lender and the L C Issuer expressly acknowledges that none of the Administrative Agent nor the Arranger has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by the Administrative Agent or the Arranger hereafter taken, including any consent to, and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Administrative Agent or the Arranger to any Lender or the L C Issuer as to any matter, including whether the Administrative Agent or the Arranger have disclosed material information in their (or their Related Parties possession. Each Lender and the L C Issuer represents to the Administrative Agent and the Arranger that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Arranger or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis of, appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, and all applicable bank or other regulatory Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to the Borrower hereunder. Each Lender and the L C Issuer also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Arranger or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties. Each Lender and the L C Issuer represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility, and (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course and is entering into this Agreement as a Lender or L C Issuer for the purpose of making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or L C Issuer, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument, and each Lender and the L C Issuer agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing. Each Lender and the L C Issuer represents and warrants that it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such L C Issuer, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. 
 9.08 No Other Duties , Etc . Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the titles listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, a Lender or the L C Issuer hereunder. 
 9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim Credit Bidding . 
 (a) In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L C Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (i) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L C Obligations and all other Secured Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the L C Issuer and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the L C Issuer and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the L C Issuer and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.03 h and i ), 2.09 , 2.10 b and 11.04 allowed in such judicial proceeding and 
 (ii) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and the L C Issuer to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the L C Issuer, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.09 , 2.10 b and 11.04 . 
 (b) Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or the L C Issuer any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Secured Obligations or the rights of any Lender or the L C Issuer to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or the L C Issuer or in any such proceeding. 
 (c) The Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Secured Obligations (including accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Secured Obligations pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (i) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, including under Sections 363 , 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, or any similar Laws in any other jurisdictions to which a Loan Party is subject, (ii) at any other sale or foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at the direction of) the Administrative Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any Applicable Law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Secured Obligations owed to the Secured Parties shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid on a ratable basis (with Secured Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis that would vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) in the asset or assets so purchased (or in the Equity Interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are used to consummate such purchase). In connection with any such bid (A) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to form one or more acquisition vehicles to make a bid, (B) to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles provided that any actions by the Administrative Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or Equity Interests thereof shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by the vote of the Required Lenders, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in clauses (a) through (e) of Section 11.01 of this Agreement), and (C) to the extent 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 that Secured Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of Secured Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of debt credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Secured Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Lenders pro rata and the Equity Interests and or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of the Secured Obligations that had been assigned to the acquisition vehicle shall automatically be cancelled, without the need for any Secured Party or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action. 
 9.10 Collateral and Guaranty Matters . 
 (a) Each of the Lenders (including in its capacities as a potential Cash Management Bank and a potential Hedge Bank) and the L C Issuer irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, 
 (i) to release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon the Facility Termination Date, (ii) that is sold or otherwise disposed of or to be sold or otherwise disposed of as part of or in connection with any sale or other disposition permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document, or (iii) if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders in accordance with Section 11.01 
 (ii) to subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Section 7.01 i and 
 (iii) to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted under the Loan Documents. 
 (b) Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty pursuant to this Section 9.10 . In each case as specified in this Section 9.10 , the Administrative Agent will, at the Borrower s expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to evidence the release of such item of Collateral from the assignment and security interest granted under the Collateral Documents or to subordinate its interest in such item, or to release such Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents and this Section 9.10 . 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Administrative Agent s Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith, nor shall the Administrative Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. 
 9.11 Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements . Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein or in any Guaranty or any Collateral Document, no Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank that obtains the benefit of the provisions of Section 8.03 , any Guaranty or any Collateral by virtue of the provisions hereof or any Collateral Document shall have any right to notice of any action or to consent to, direct or object to any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document or otherwise in respect of the Collateral (including the release or impairment of any 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Collateral) (or to notice of or to consent to any amendment, waiver or modification of the provisions hereof or of the Guaranty or any Collateral Document) other than in its capacity as a Lender and, in such case, only to the extent expressly provided in the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article IX to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Secured Obligations arising under Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements except to the extent expressly provided herein and unless the Administrative Agent has received a Secured Party Designation Notice of such Secured Obligations, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank, as the case may be. The Administrative Agent shall not be required to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Secured Obligations arising under Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements in the case of a Facility Termination Date. 
 9.12 Certain ERISA Matters . 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments, or this agreement, 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of subsections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (b) In addition, unless either (1) clause i in the immediately preceding clause a is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with clause iv in the immediately preceding clause a ), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 9.13 Recovery of Erroneous Payments . Without limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if at any time the Administrative Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Lender or the L C Issuer (the Credit Party ), whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by the Borrower at such time, where such payment is a Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each Credit Party receiving a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Credit Party in immediately available funds in the currency so received, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Each Credit Party irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value (under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Administrative Agent shall inform each Credit Party promptly upon determining that any payment made to such Credit Party comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount. 
 IX. CONTINUING GUARANTY . 
 10.01 Guaranty . Each Guarantor hereby absolutely and unconditionally, jointly and severally guarantees, as primary obligor and as a guaranty of payment and performance and not merely as a guaranty of collection, prompt payment when due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, upon acceleration, demand or otherwise, and at all times thereafter, of any and all Secured Obligations (for each Guarantor, subject to the proviso in this sentence, its Guaranteed Obligations provided that (a) the Guaranteed Obligations of a Guarantor shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to such Guarantor and (b) the liability of each Guarantor individually with respect to this Guaranty shall be limited to an aggregate amount equal to the largest amount that would not render its obligations hereunder subject to avoidance under Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States or any comparable provisions of any applicable state law or other Applicable Law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Guaranteed Obligations shall include any such indebtedness, obligations, and liabilities, or portion thereof, which may be or hereafter become unenforceable or compromised or shall be an allowed or disallowed claim under any proceeding or case commenced by or against any debtor under any Debtor Relief Laws. The Administrative Agent s books and records showing the amount of the Obligations shall be admissible in evidence in any action or proceeding, and shall be binding upon each Guarantor, and conclusive for the purpose of establishing the amount of the Secured Obligations. This Guaranty shall not be affected by the genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the Secured Obligations or any instrument or agreement evidencing any Secured Obligations, or by the existence, validity, enforceability, perfection, non-perfection or extent of any collateral therefor, or by any fact or circumstance relating to the Secured Obligations which might otherwise constitute a defense to the obligations of the Guarantors, or any of them, under this Guaranty, and each Guarantor hereby 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 irrevocably waives any defenses it may now have or hereafter acquire in any way relating to any or all of the foregoing. 
 10.02 Rights of Lenders . Each Guarantor consents and agrees that the Secured Parties may, at any time and from time to time, without notice or demand, and without affecting the enforceability or continuing effectiveness hereof (a) amend, extend, renew, compromise, discharge, accelerate or otherwise change the time for payment or the terms of the Secured Obligations or any part thereof (b) take, hold, exchange, enforce, waive, release, fail to perfect, sell, or otherwise dispose of any security for the payment of this Guaranty or any Secured Obligations (c) apply such security and direct the order or manner of sale thereof as the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer and the Lenders in their sole discretion may determine and (d) release or substitute one or more of any endorsers or other guarantors of any of the Secured Obligations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Guarantor consents to the taking of, or failure to take, any action which might in any manner or to any extent vary the risks of such Guarantor under this Guaranty or which, but for this provision, might operate as a discharge of such Guarantor. 
 10.03 Certain Waivers . Each Guarantor waives (a) any defense arising by reason of any disability or other defense of the Borrower or any other guarantor, or the cessation from any cause whatsoever (including any act or omission of any Secured Party) of the liability of the Borrower or any other Loan Party (b) any defense based on any claim that such Guarantor s obligations exceed or are more burdensome than those of the Borrower or any other Loan Party (c) the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting any Guarantor s liability hereunder (d) any right to proceed against the Borrower or any other Loan Party, proceed against or exhaust any security for the Secured Obligations, or pursue any other remedy in the power of any Secured Party whatsoever (e) any benefit of and any right to participate in any security now or hereafter held by any Secured Party and (f) to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all other defenses or benefits that may be derived from or afforded by Applicable Law limiting the liability of or exonerating guarantors or sureties. Each Guarantor expressly waives all setoffs and counterclaims and all presentments, demands for payment or performance, notices of nonpayment or nonperformance, protests, notices of protest, notices of dishonor and all other notices or demands of any kind or nature whatsoever with respect to the Secured Obligations, and all notices of acceptance of this Guaranty or of the existence, creation or incurrence of new or additional Secured Obligations. 
 10.04 Obligations Independent . The obligations of each Guarantor hereunder are those of primary obligor, and not merely as surety, and are independent of the Secured Obligations and the obligations of any other guarantor, and a separate action may be brought against each Guarantor to enforce this Guaranty whether or not the Borrower or any other person or entity is joined as a party. 
 10.05 Subrogation . No Guarantor shall exercise any right of subrogation, contribution, indemnity, reimbursement or similar rights with respect to any payments it makes under this Guaranty until all of the Secured Obligations and any amounts payable under this Guaranty have been indefeasibly paid and performed in full and the Commitments and the Facilities are terminated. If any amounts are paid to a Guarantor in violation of the foregoing limitation, then such amounts shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties and shall forthwith be paid to the Secured Parties to reduce the amount of the Secured Obligations, whether matured or unmatured. 
 10.06 Termination Reinstatement . This Guaranty is a continuing and irrevocable guaranty of all Secured Obligations now or hereafter existing and shall remain in full force and effect until the Facility Termination Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Guaranty shall continue in full force and effect or be revived, as the case may be, if any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower or a Guarantor is made, or any of the Secured Parties exercises its right of setoff, in respect of the Secured Obligations and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by any of the Secured Parties in their discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws or otherwise, all as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred and whether or not the Secured Parties are in possession of or have released this Guaranty and regardless of any prior revocation, rescission, termination or reduction. The obligations of each Guarantor under this Section 10.06 shall survive termination of this Guaranty. 
 10.07 Stay of Acceleration . If acceleration of the time for payment of any of the Secured Obligations is stayed, in connection with any case commenced by or against a Guarantor or the Borrower under any Debtor Relief Laws, or otherwise, all such amounts shall nonetheless be payable by each Guarantor, jointly and severally, immediately upon demand by the Secured Parties. 
 10.08 Condition of Borrower . Each Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that it has the sole responsibility for, and has adequate means of, obtaining from the Borrower and any other guarantor such information concerning the financial condition, business and operations of the Borrower and any such other guarantor as such Guarantor requires, and that none of the Secured Parties has any duty, and such Guarantor is not relying on the Secured Parties at any time, to disclose to it any information relating to the business, operations or financial condition of the Borrower or any other guarantor (each Guarantor waiving any duty on the part of the Secured Parties to disclose such information and any defense relating to the failure to provide the same). 
 10.09 Appointment of Borrower . Each of the Loan Parties hereby appoints the Borrower to act as its agent for all purposes of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and all other documents and electronic platforms entered into in connection herewith and agrees that (a) the Borrower may execute such documents and provide such authorizations on behalf of such Loan Parties as the Borrower deems appropriate in its sole discretion and each Loan Party shall be obligated by all of the terms of any such document and or authorization executed on its behalf, (b) any notice or communication delivered by the Administrative Agent, L C Issuer or a Lender to the Borrower shall be deemed delivered to each Loan Party and (c) the Administrative Agent, L C Issuer or the Lenders may accept, and be permitted to rely on, any document, authorization, instrument or agreement executed by the Borrower on behalf of each of the Loan Parties. 
 10.10 Right of Contribution . The Guarantors agree among themselves that, in connection with payments made hereunder, each Guarantor shall have contribution rights against the other Guarantors as permitted under Applicable Law. 
 10.11 Keepwell . Each Loan Party that is a Qualified ECP Guarantor at the time the Guaranty or the grant of a Lien under the Loan Documents, in each case, by any Specified Loan Party becomes effective with respect to any Swap Obligation, hereby jointly and severally, absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support to each Specified Loan Party with respect to such Swap Obligation as may be needed by such Specified Loan Party from time to time to honor all of its obligations under the Loan Documents in respect of such Swap Obligation (but, in each case, only up to the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering such Qualified ECP Guarantor s obligations and undertakings under this Article X voidable under Applicable Law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). The obligations and undertakings of each Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section 10.11 shall remain in full force and effect until the Secured Obligations have been indefeasibly paid and performed in full. Each Loan Party intends this Section 10.11 to constitute, and this Section 10.11 shall be deemed to constitute, a guarantee of the obligations of, and a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of, each Specified Loan Party for all purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 X. MISCELLANEOUS . 
 11.01 Amendments , Etc . 
 (a) Subject to Section 2 . 01 g ), Section 3.03 and the last paragraph of this Section 11.01 , no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Borrower or any other Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders (or by the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) and the Borrower or the applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given provided , however , that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall 
 (i) waive any condition set forth in Section 4.01 , without the written consent of each Lender 
 (ii) without limiting the generality of clause a above, waive any condition set forth in Section 4.02 as to any Credit Extension without the written consent of the Required Lenders 
 (iii) extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 without the written consent of such Lender (it being understood and agreed that a waiver of any condition precedent in Section 4.02 or of any Default or a mandatory reduction in Commitments is not considered an extension or increase in Commitments of any Lender) 
 (iv) postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment (excluding mandatory prepayments) of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) hereunder or under such other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender entitled to such payment 
 (v) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or L C Borrowing, or (subject to clause iv of the second proviso to this Section 11.01 any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender entitled to such amount provided , however , that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary (i) to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest or Letter of Credit Fees at the Default Rate or (ii) to amend any financial covenant hereunder (or any defined term used therein) even if the effect of such amendment would be to reduce the rate of interest on any Loan or L C Borrowing or to reduce any fee payable hereunder 
 (vi) (A) change Section 8.03 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby without the written consent of each Lender or (B) Section 2.12 f in a manner that would alter the pro rata application required thereby without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby 
 (vii) change any provision of this Section 11.01 or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision of any Loan Document specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 hereunder or thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender 
 (viii) release all or substantially all of the Collateral in any transaction or series of related transactions, without the written consent of each Lender 
 (ix) release all or substantially all of the value of the Guaranty, without the written consent of each Lender, except to the extent the release of any Subsidiary from the Guaranty is permitted pursuant to Section 9.10 (in which case such release may be made by the Administrative Agent acting alone) 
 (x) release the Borrower or permit the Borrower to assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents without the consent of each Lender or 
 (xi) amend Section 1.09 or the definition of Alternative Currency , Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby 
 and provided , further , that (A) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the L C Issuer in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the L C Issuer under this Agreement or any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it (B) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Swingline Lender in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Swingline Lender under this Agreement (C) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (D) the Fee Letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender, or all Lenders or each affected Lender under the Revolving Facility, may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (A) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender and (B) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender, or all Lenders or each affected Lender under the Revolving Facility, that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender disproportionately adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender (ii) each Lender is entitled to vote as such Lender sees fit on any bankruptcy reorganization plan that affects the Loans, and each Lender acknowledges that the provisions of Section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States supersedes the unanimous consent provisions set forth herein and (iii) the Required Lenders shall determine whether or not to allow a Loan Party to use cash collateral in the context of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding and such determination shall be binding on all of the Lenders. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, this Agreement may be amended and restated without the consent of any Lender (but with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent) if, upon giving effect to such amendment and restatement, such Lender shall no longer be a party to this Agreement (as so amended and restated), the 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Commitments of such Lender shall have terminated, such Lender shall have no other commitment or other obligation hereunder and shall have been paid in full all principal, interest and other amounts owing to it or accrued for its account under this Agreement. 
 (d) Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, this Agreement may be amended with the written consent of the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer, the Borrower and the Lenders affected thereby to amend the definition of Alternative Currency , Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate or Section 1.09 solely to add additional currency options and the applicable interest rate with respect thereto, in each case solely to the extent permitted pursuant to Section 1.09 . 
 (e) Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, if the Administrative Agent and the Borrower acting together identify any ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error or other defect in any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including the schedules and exhibits thereto), then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall be permitted to amend, modify or supplement such provision to cure such ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error or other defect, and such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. 
 If any Lender does not consent to a proposed amendment, waiver, consent or release with respect to any Loan Document that requires the consent of each Lender and that has been approved by the Required Lenders, the Borrower may replace such Non-Consenting Lender in accordance with Section 11.13 provided that such amendment, waiver, consent or release can be effected as a result of the assignment contemplated by such Section (together with all other such assignments required by the Borrower to be made pursuant to this paragraph). 
 11.02 Notices Effectiveness Electronic Communications . 
 (a) Notices Generally . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in clause b below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by fax transmission or e-mail transmission as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows 
 (i) if to the Borrower or any other Loan Party, the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer or the Swingline Lender, to the address, fax number, e-mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 1.01 a and 
 (ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, fax number, e-mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire (including, as appropriate, notices delivered solely to the Person designated by a Lender on its Administrative Questionnaire then in effect for the delivery of notices that may contain material non-public information relating to the Borrower). 
 Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received notices and other communications sent by fax transmission shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in clause b below shall be effective as provided in such clause b ). 
 This Agreement was prepared by Haynes and Boone, LLP 
 1221 McKinney Street 
 Suite 2100 
 Houston, TX 77010 
 Attention Neal Kaminsky 
 Phone (713) 547-2542 
 E-mail neal.kaminsky haynesboone.com 
 (b) Electronic Communications . 
 (i) Notices and other communications to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Swingline Lender and the L C Issuer hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail, FPML messaging, and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to an electronic communications agreement (or such other procedures approved by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender, the Swingline Lender or the L C Issuer pursuant to Article II if such Lender, the Swingline Lender or the L C Issuer, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article II by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender, the L C Issuer or the Borrower may each, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 (ii) Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (A) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgment from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement) and (B) notices and other communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received by the intended recipient upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail address or other written acknowledgement) indicating that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor provided that for both clauses A and B ), if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice, email or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient. 
 (c) The Platform . THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender, the L C Issuer or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower s, any Loan 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Party s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Borrower Materials or notices through the Platform, any other electronic platform or electronic messaging service, or through the Internet. 
 (d) Change of Address , Etc . Each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer and the Swingline Lender may change its address, fax number or telephone number or e-mail address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, fax number or telephone number or e-mail address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer and the Swingline Lender. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, fax number and e-mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender s compliance procedures and Applicable Law, including United States federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials that are not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States federal or state securities laws. 
 (e) Reliance by Administrative Agent , L C Issuer and Lenders . The Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including, without limitation, telephonic or electronic notices, Loan Notices, Letter of Credit Applications, Notice of Loan Prepayment and Swingline Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Loan Parties shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of a Loan Party. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 
 11.03 No Waiver Cumulative Remedies Enforcement . 
 (a) No failure by any Lender, the L C Issuer or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided, and provided under each other Loan Document, are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Loan Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 8.02 for the benefit of all the Lenders and the L C Issuer provided , however , that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) the L C Issuer or the 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 Swingline Lender from exercising the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as L C Issuer or Swingline Lender, as the case may be) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (c) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 11.08 (subject to the terms of Section 2.13 ), or (d) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law and provided , further , that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.02 and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b), (c) and (d) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 2.13 , any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 
 11.04 Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver . 
 (a) Costs and Expenses . The Loan Parties shall pay (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates (including, but not limited to, (A) the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates and (B) due diligence expenses), in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the L C Issuer in connection with the issuance, amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L C Issuer (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L C Issuer) , in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section 11.04 , or (B) in connection with Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. 
 (b) Indemnification by the Loan Parties . The Loan Parties shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), each Lender and the L C Issuer, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any Person (including the Borrower or any other Loan Party) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including in respect of any matters addressed in Section 3.01 ), (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the L C Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned, leased or operated by a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, or any of the Borrower s or such Loan Party s 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 directors, shareholders or creditors, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, IN ALL CASES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY OR ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF THE INDEMNITEE provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (y) result from a claim brought by the Borrower or any other Loan Party against an Indemnitee for breach in bad faith of such Indemnitee s obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if the Borrower or such Loan Party has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. Without limiting the provisions of Section 3.01 c ), this Section 11.04 b shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 (c) Reimbursement by Lenders . To the extent that the Loan Parties for any reason fail to indefeasibly pay any amount required under clauses a or b of this Section 11.04 to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), the L C Issuer, the Swingline Lender or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the L C Issuer, the Swingline Lender or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s pro rata share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought based on each Lender s share of the Total Credit Exposure at such time) of such unpaid amount (including any such unpaid amount in respect of a claim asserted by such Lender), such payment to be made severally among them based on such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought), provided , that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the L C Issuer or the Swingline Lender in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the L C Issuer or the Swingline Lender in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this clause (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.12 d ). 
 (d) Waiver of Consequential Damages , Etc . To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, no Loan Party shall assert, and each Loan Party hereby waives, and acknowledges that no other Person shall have, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee referred to in clause b above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby other than for direct or actual damages resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 (e) Payments . All amounts due under this Section 11.04 shall be payable not later than 10 Business Days after demand therefor. 
 (f) Survival . The agreements in this Section 11.04 and the indemnity provisions of Section 11.02 e shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer and the Swingline Lender, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 11.05 Payments Set Aside . To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and the L C Issuer severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect, in the applicable currency of such recovery or payment. The obligations of the Lenders and the L C Issuer under clause b of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 11.06 Successors and Assigns . 
 (a) Successors and Assigns Generally . The provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and thereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.06 b ), (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.06 d ), or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of Section 11.06 e (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in Section 11.06 d and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (b) Assignments by Lenders . Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including all or a portion of its Commitment(s) and the Loans (including for purposes of this clause b ), participations in L C Obligations and in Swingline Loans) at the time owing to it) provided that (in each case with respect to the Revolving Facility) any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions 
 (i) Minimum Amounts . 
 (A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment under the Revolving Facility and or the Loans at the time owing to it (in each case with respect to the Revolving Facility) or contemporaneous assignments to related Approved Funds (determined after giving effect to such assignments) that equal at least the amount specified in clause (b)(i)(B) of this Section 11.06 in the aggregate or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned and 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (B) in any case not described in clause (b)(i)(A) of this Section 11.06 , the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than 5,000,000, in the case of any assignment in respect of the Revolving Facility unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
 (ii) Proportionate Amounts . Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with respect to the Loans and or the Commitment assigned, except that this clause (b)(ii) shall not apply to the Swingline Lender s rights and obligations in respect of Swingline Loans. 
 (iii) Required Consents . No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by clause (b)(i)(B) of this Section 11.06 and, in addition 
 (A) the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (1) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five Business Days after having received notice thereof and provided , further , that the Borrower s consent shall not be required during the primary syndication of the Facilities 
 (B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for assignments in respect of any Revolving Commitment if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender with a Commitment in respect of the Revolving Facility, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender and 
 (C) the consent of the L C Issuer and the Swingline Lender shall be required for any assignment in respect of the Revolving Facility. 
 (iv) Assignment and Assumption . The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of 3,500 provided , however , that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 
 (v) No Assignment to Certain Persons . No such assignment shall be made (A) to the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries, (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause B ), or (C) to a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated by or for the primary benefit of one or more natural Persons). 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (vi) Certain Additional Payments . In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or sub-participations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (A) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (B) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under Applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this clause (b)(vi) , then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 
 (vii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 11.06(c) , from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 , 3.05 and 11.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment) provided , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. Upon request, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this clause b shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 11.06 d ). 
 (c) Register . The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower (and such agency being solely for Tax purposes), shall maintain at the Administrative Agent s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it (or the equivalent thereof in electronic form) and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and interest amounts) of the Loans and L C Obligations owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender (with respect to such Lender s interest only), at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (d) Participations . 
 (i) Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of one or more natural Persons, a Defaulting Lender or the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and or the Loans (including such Lender s participations in L C Obligations and or Swingline Loans) owing to it) provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L C Issuer shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 11 . 04 c without regard to the existence of any participations. 
 (ii) Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 11 . 01 that affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3 . 01 , 3 . 04 and 3 . 05 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 3 . 01 e (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3 . 01 e shall be delivered to the Lender who sells the participation)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to clause b of this Section 11 . 06 provided that such Participant (A) shall be subject to the provisions of Sections 3 . 06 and 11 . 13 as if it were an assignee under clause b of this Section 11 . 06 and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3 . 01 or 3 . 04 , with respect to any participation, than the Lender from whom it acquired the applicable participation would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 3 . 06 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 11 . 08 as though it were a Lender provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2 . 13 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and interest amounts) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (e) Certain Pledges . Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note or Notes, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 (f) Resignation as L C Issuer or Swingline Lender after Assignment . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if at any time Bank of America assigns all of its Revolving Commitment and Revolving Loans pursuant to clause b above, Bank of America may, (i) upon 30 days notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders, resign as L C Issuer and or (ii) upon 30 days notice to the Borrower, resign as Swingline Lender. In the event of any such resignation as L C Issuer or Swingline Lender, the Borrower shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders a successor L C Issuer or Swingline Lender hereunder provided , however , that no failure by the Borrower to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of Bank of America as L C Issuer or Swingline Lender, as the case may be. If Bank of America resigns as L C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the L C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as L C Issuer and all L C Obligations with respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2 . 03 c )). If Bank of America resigns as Swingline Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swingline Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swingline Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swingline Loans pursuant to Section 2 . 04 c ). Upon the appointment of a successor L C Issuer and or Swingline Lender, (A) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L C Issuer or Swingline Lender, as the case may be, and (B) the successor L C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America to effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America with respect to such Letters of Credit. 
 11.07 Treatment of Certain Information Confidentiality . 
 (a) Treatment of Certain Information . Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L C Issuer agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (i) to its Affiliates, its auditors and its Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (ii) to the extent required or requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (iii) to the extent required by Applicable Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (iv) to any other party hereto, (v) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (vi) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 11 . 07 , to (A) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement or any Eligible Assignee invited to be a Lender pursuant to Section 2 . 16 c or (B) any actual or prospective party (or its Related Parties) to any swap, derivative or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to the Borrower and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (vii) on a confidential basis to (A) any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 the credit facilities provided hereunder or (B) the provider of any Platform or other electronic delivery service used by the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer and or the Swingline Lender to deliver Borrower Materials or notices to the Lenders or (viii) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the application, issuance, publishing and monitoring of CUSIP numbers or other market identifiers with respect to the credit facilities provided hereunder, or (ix) with the consent of the Borrower or to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 11 . 07 , (xi) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the L C Issuer or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower or (xii) is independently discovered or developed by a party hereto without utilizing any Information received from the Borrower or violating the terms of this Section 11 . 07 . For purposes of this Section 11 . 07 , Information means all information received from the Borrower or any Subsidiary relating to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L C Issuer on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower or any Subsidiary, provided that, in the case of information received from the Borrower or any Subsidiary after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 11 . 07 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Commitments. 
 (a) Non - Public Information . Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L C Issuer acknowledges that (i) the Information may include material non-public information concerning a Loan Party or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (ii) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (iii) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with Applicable Law, including United States federal and state securities Laws. 
 (b) Press Releases . The Loan Parties and their Affiliates agree that they will not in the future issue any press releases or other public disclosure using the name of the Administrative Agent or any Lender or their respective Affiliates or referring to this Agreement or any of the Loan Documents without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, unless (and only to the extent that) the Loan Parties or such Affiliate is required to do so under law and then, in any event the Loan Parties or such Affiliate will consult with such Person before issuing such press release or other public disclosure. 
 (c) Customary Advertising Material . The Loan Parties consent to the publication by the Administrative Agent or any Lender of customary advertising material relating to the transactions contemplated hereby using the name, product photographs, logo or trademark of the Loan Parties. 
 11.08 Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, the L C Issuer and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, after obtaining the prior written consent of the Required Lenders to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender, the L C Issuer or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower or any other Loan Party against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower or such Loan Party now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender, the L C Issuer or such Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, the L C Issuer or Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 obligations of the Borrower or such Loan Party may be contingent or unmatured, secured or unsecured, or are owed to a branch, office or Affiliate of such Lender or the L C Issuer different from the branch, office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (a) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2 . 15 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer and the Lenders, and (b) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Secured Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, the L C Issuer and their respective Affiliates under this Section 11 . 08 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, the L C Issuer or their respective Affiliates may have under Applicable Law. Each Lender and the L C Issuer agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
 11.09 Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by Applicable Law (the Maximum Rate ). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 
 11.10 Integration Effectiveness . This Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent or the L C Issuer, constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01 , this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 11.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties . All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding. 
 11.12 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 11.12 , if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer or the Swingline Lender, as applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. 
 11.13 Replacement of Lenders . 
 (a) If the Borrower is entitled to replace a Lender pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.06 , or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or a Non-Consenting Lender or if any other circumstance exists hereunder that gives the Borrower the right to replace a Lender as a party hereto, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 11.06 ), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 3.01 and 3.04 and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that 
 (i) the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in Section 11.06(b) 
 (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to 100 of the outstanding principal of its Loans and L C Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05 from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) 
 (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter 
 (iv) such assignment does not conflict with Applicable Laws and 
 (v) in the case of an assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent. 
 (b) A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 (c) Each party hereto agrees that (i) an assignment required pursuant to this Section 11.13 may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee and (ii) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to an be bound by the terms thereof provided , that , following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender, provided further that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (d) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 11.13 to the contrary, (A) the Lender that acts as the L C Issuer may not be replaced hereunder at any time it has any Letter of Credit outstanding hereunder unless arrangements satisfactory to such Lender (including the furnishing of a backstop standby letter of credit in form and substance, and issued by an issuer, reasonably satisfactory to the L C Issuer or the depositing of Cash Collateral into a Cash Collateral account in amounts and pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the L C Issuer) have been made with respect to such outstanding Letter of Credit and (B) the Lender that acts as the Administrative Agent may not be replaced hereunder except in accordance with the terms of Section 9.06 . 
 11.14 Governing Law Jurisdiction Etc . 
 (a) GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF TEXAS. 
 (b) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION . THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER, THE L C ISSUER, OR ANY RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS SITTING IN HARRIS COUNTY, AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH TEXAS STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER OR THE L C ISSUER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST THE BORROWER OR ANY OTHER LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION. 
 (c) WAIVER OF VENUE . THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN CLAUSE b OF THIS SECTION 11.14 EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 
 (d) SERVICE OF PROCESS . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 11.02 . NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 
 11.15 Waiver of Jury Trial . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (a) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (b) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 11.15 . 
 11.16 Subordination . Each Loan Party (a Subordinating Loan Party hereby subordinates the payment of all obligations and indebtedness of any other Loan Party owing to it, whether now existing or hereafter arising, including but not limited to any obligation of any such other Loan Party to the Subordinating Loan Party as subrogee of the Secured Parties or resulting from such Subordinating Loan Party s performance under this Guaranty, to the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all Obligations. If the Secured Parties so request, any such obligation or indebtedness of any such other Loan Party to the Subordinating Loan Party shall be enforced and performance received by the Subordinating Loan Party as trustee for the Secured Parties and the proceeds thereof shall be paid over to the Secured Parties on account of the Secured Obligations, but without reducing or affecting in any manner the liability of the Subordinating Loan Party under this Agreement. Without limitation of the foregoing, so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing, the Loan Parties may make and receive payments with respect to Intercompany Debt provided , that in the event that any Loan Party receives any payment of any Intercompany Debt at a time when such payment is prohibited by this Section 11.16 , such payment shall be held by such Loan Party, in trust for the benefit of, and shall be paid forthwith over and delivered, upon written request, to the Administrative Agent. 
 11.17 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility . In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower and each other Loan Party acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding, that (a) (i) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Borrower, each other Loan Party and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates, on the other hand, (ii) each of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (iii) the Borrower and each other Loan Party is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents (b) (i) the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and each Lender and each of their respective Affiliates each is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 fiduciary, for the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person and (ii) neither the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, nor any Lender nor any of their respective Affiliates has any obligation to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and (c) the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, nor any Lender nor any of their respective Affiliates has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each of the Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, the Lenders and their respective Affiliates with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transactions contemplated hereby. 
 11.18 Electronic Execution Electronic Records Counterparts . 
 This Agreement, any Loan Document and any other Communication, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. Each of the Loan Parties and each of the Administrative Agent and each Lender agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into .pdf format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and or retention. The Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record Electronic Copy ), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, neither the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer nor Swingline Lender is under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such Person pursuant to procedures approved by it provided , further , without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer and or the Swingline Lender has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by, or on behalf of, any Loan Party and or any Lender without further verification, and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. 
 
 Neither the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer nor the Swingline Lender shall be responsible for, or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into, the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s, the L C Issuer s or the Swingline Lender s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer and the Swingline Lender shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 
 
 Each of the Loan Parties and each Lender hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document, and (ii) waives any claim against the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Related Party for any liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and or any Lender s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Loan Parties to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
 
 11.19 USA Patriot Act Notice . Each Lender that is subject to the Patriot Act and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower and the other Loan Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Patriot Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower and each other Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and each other Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Borrower and each other Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act. The Borrower and each other Loan Party shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide all such other documentation and information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act. 
 11.20 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail - In of Affected Financial Institutions . Solely to the extent any Lender or L C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender or L C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender or L C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 11.21 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support , and each such QFC, a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and or of the United States or any other state of the United States) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 11.22 Time of the Essence. Time is of the essence of the Loan Documents. 
 11.23 Judgment Currency . If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder or any other Loan Document in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the first currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of each Loan Party in respect of any such sum due from it to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement (the Agreement Currency ), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender from any Loan Party in the Agreement Currency, such Loan Party agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in such currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, agrees to return the amount of any excess to such Loan Party (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under Applicable law). 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

ANNEX I 
 TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

 11.24 Amendment and Restatement . This Agreement is an amendment and restatement of (but not a novation of or an accord and satisfaction of) the Existing Credit Agreement. All outstanding Obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement (and which have not been repaid on the Closing Date) shall continue to remain outstanding under this Agreement. From and after the date hereof, all references made to the Existing Credit Agreement in any Loan Document (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) or in any other instrument or document shall, without more, be deemed to refer to this Agreement. The Borrower and each Guarantor under this Agreement hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Liens (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) created and provided for by the Collateral Documents (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) continue to secure, among other things, the Obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement which shall remain outstanding on the date hereof as well as those hereafter arising under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent under the Collateral Documents under the Existing Credit Agreement and the Liens under the Existing Credit Agreement created and provided for thereunder remain in full force and effect and shall not be affected, impaired or discharged hereby. Nothing herein contained shall in any manner affect or impair the priority of the liens and security interests created and provided for by the Collateral Documents under the Existing Credit Agreement as to the indebtedness which would be secured thereby prior to giving effect to this Agreement. This amendment and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement shall operate to renew, amend and modify the rights and obligations of the parties under the Existing Credit Agreement as provided herein, but shall not act as a novation thereof. 
 11.25 Reallocation of Commitments . The Lenders (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) have agreed among themselves to reallocate the Aggregate Commitment (under, and as defined in, the Existing Credit Agreement) as contemplated by this Agreement and to adjust their interests in such Aggregate Commitment and the Loans accordingly. On the Closing Date and after giving effect to such reallocation and adjustment of such Aggregate Commitment and such Loans, the Lenders shall hold the Commitments set forth on Schedule 1 . 01 b (as such Schedule is in effect on the Closing Date). The outstanding Loans (under, and as defined in, the Existing Credit Agreement) and the funds delivered to the Administrative Agent on the Closing Date by the Lenders shall be allocated such that after giving effect to such allocation each of the Lenders shall hold the Commitments set forth on Schedule 1 . 01 b (as such Schedule is in effect on the Closing Date) and such Lenders shall own the Loans consistent with their percentage of the Commitments set forth on Schedule 1 . 01 b (as such Schedule is in effect on the Closing Date). The Borrower shall pay any funding indemnification amounts required by Section 3 . 05 of the Existing Credit Agreement in the event the payment of any principal of any Eurodollar Loan (under, and as defined in, the Existing Credit Agreement) or the conversion of any Eurodollar Loan (under, and as defined in, the Existing Credit Agreement) other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto is required in connection with the reallocation contemplated by this Section 11.25 . 
 11.26 ENTIRE AGREEMENT . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR , CONTEMPORANEOUS , OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES . THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES . 
 Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank Signature Pages Follow 
 
 Annex I to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (Powell Industries, Inc.) 
 4888-1961-8421 v.3 

Schedule to Credit Agreement 
 Schedule 1 . 01 b 
 Initial Commitments and Applicable Percentages 
 Lender Revolving Credit Facility 
 Commitment ( as of the Third Amendment Effective Date 
 Applicable Percentage of Commitments ( as of the Third Amendment Effective Date 
 Bank of America, N.A. 100,000,000.00 66.666666667 Texas Capital Bank 50,000,000.00 33.333333333 TOTAL 
 150,000,000.00 100.000000000 
 Note Dollar amounts in the table above are subject to rounding to two (2) decimal places, and percentage amounts in the table above are subject to rounding to nine (9) decimal places, respectively.) 
 Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 exhibit21110k2023.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF POWELL INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 
 Name of Subsidiary Incorporated Powell Industries, Inc. Delaware Powell Electrical Systems, Inc. Delaware Powell Industries International, Inc. Delaware Powell Industries International B.V. Netherlands Powell International B.V. Netherlands Powell (UK) Limited United Kingdom Powell Industries Asia, Pte, Ltd. Singapore Powell Canada B.V. Netherlands Powell Canada Inc. Canada Powell Infinity Corporation Alberta Powell (Middle East) B.V. Netherlands Powell B.V. Netherlands Powell Equipment (Mexico) SA de CV Mexico Powell Trading (Mexico) SA de CV Mexico 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exhibit23110k2023.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S 8 (No. 333-196171) of Powell Industries, Inc. of our report dated December 6, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10 K. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Houston, Texas 
 December 6, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit31110k2023.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Brett A. Cope, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Powell Industries, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Brett A. Cope Brett A. Cope President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Date December 6, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit31210k2023.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Michael W. Metcalf , certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Powell Industries, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Michael W. Metcalf Michael W. Metcalf Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 Date December 6, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exhibit32110k2023.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with this Annual Report (the Report on Form 10-K of Powell Industries, Inc. (the Company for the year ended September 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Brett A. Cope, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly represents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Brett A. Cope Brett A. Cope President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Date December 6, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 exhibit32210k2023.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with this Annual Report (the Report on Form 10-K of Powell Industries, Inc. (the Company for the year ended September 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Michael W. Metcalf, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly represents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Michael W. Metcalf Michael W. Metcalf Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Date December 6, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97>
 9
 exhibit97executiverecoupme.htm
 EX-97

Document 
 EXHIBIT 97 

Executive Recoupment Policy 
 Version 2.0 Applies To Company 
 Company Policy Governance Policies 

Effective Date September 20, 2023 Supersedes Author Callahan, Bob Approvals Board of Directors Purpose This policy provides guidelines for possible recoupment or clawback of incentive compensation in appropriate situations to the extent permitted (or required) by law and by the Company s plans, policies and agreements. Scope This policy applies to the Company s current and former executive officers, as determined by the Board in accordance with Section 10D of the Exchange Act and the listing standards of the national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed Covered Executives ). 
 
 Policy 
 The Board of Directors (the Board of Powell Industries, Inc. (the Company believes that it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to create and maintain a culture that emphasizes integrity and accountability and that reinforces the Company s pay-for-performance compensation philosophy. The Board has therefore adopted this Executive Compensation Recoupment Policy (this Policy ), which provides for the recoupment of certain executive compensation in the event of an accounting restatement resulting from material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements under the federal securities laws. This Policy is designed to comply with Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). 
 Administration 
 This Policy shall be administered by the Board or, if so designated by the Board, the Compensation Committee, in which case references herein to the Board shall be deemed references to the Compensation Committee. Any determinations made by the Board shall be final and binding on all affected individuals. 
 Covered Executives 
 This Policy applies to the Company s current and former executive officers, as determined by the Board in accordance with Section 10D of the Exchange Act and the listing standards of the national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed Covered Executives ). 
 
 Powell Industries, Inc. Company Policy 
 Governance Policies 
 Executive Recoupment Policy September 20, 2023 
 Page 1 of 4 

EXHIBIT 97 

Executive Recoupment Policy 
 Version 2.0 Applies To Company 
 Company Policy Governance Policies 

Recoupment Accounting Restatement 
 In the event the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement of its financial statements due to the Company s material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, the Board will require reimbursement or forfeiture of any excess Incentive Compensation received by any Covered Executive during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date on which the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement. 
 Incentive Compensation 
 For purposes of this Policy, Incentive Compensation means any of the following provided that such compensation is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part on the attainment of a financial reporting measure 
 Annual bonuses and other short- and long-term cash incentives. 
 Stock options. 
 Stock appreciation rights. 
 Restricted stock. 
 Restricted stock units. 
 Performance shares. 
 Performance units. 
 Financial reporting measures include 
 Company stock price. 
 Total shareholder return. 
 Revenues. 
 Net income. 
 Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA). 
 Funds from operations. 
 Liquidity measures such as working capital or operating cash flow. 
 Return measures such as return on invested capital or return on assets. 
 Earnings measures such as earnings per share. 
 Excess Incentive Compensation Amount Subject to Recovery 
 The amount to be recovered will be the excess of the Incentive Compensation paid to the Covered Executive based on the erroneous data over the Incentive Compensation that would have been paid to the Covered Executive had it been based on the restated results, as determined by the Board. 

Powell Industries, Inc. Company Policy 
 Governance Policies 
 Executive Recoupment Policy September 20, 2023 
 Page 2 of 4 

EXHIBIT 97 

Executive Recoupment Policy 
 Version 2.0 Applies To Company 
 Company Policy Governance Policies 

If the Board cannot determine the amount of excess Incentive Compensation received by the Covered Executive directly from the information in the accounting restatement, then it will make its determination based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the accounting restatement. 
 Method of Recoupment 
 The Board will determine, in its sole discretion, the method for recouping Incentive Compensation hereunder which may include, without limitation 
 (a) requiring reimbursement of cash Incentive Compensation previously paid 
 (b) seeking recovery of any gain realized on the vesting, exercise, settlement, sale, transfer or other disposition of any equity-based awards 
 (c) offsetting the recouped amount from any compensation otherwise owed by the Company to the Covered Executive 
 (d) cancelling outstanding vested or unvested equity awards and or 
 (e) taking any other remedial and recovery action permitted by law, as determined by the Board. 
 No Indemnification 
 The Company shall not indemnify any Covered Executives against the loss of any incorrectly awarded Incentive Compensation. 
 Interpretation 
 The Board is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate or advisable for the administration of this Policy. It is intended that this Policy be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or standards adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission or any national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. 
 Amendment Termination 
 The Board may amend this Policy from time to time in its discretion and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary to reflect final regulations adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission under Section 10D of the Exchange Act and to comply with any rules or standards adopted by a national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. The Board may terminate this Policy at any time. 
 Other Recoupment Rights 
 The Board intends that this Policy will be applied to the fullest extent of the law. The Board may require that any employment agreement, equity award agreement or similar agreement entered into on or after the Effective Date shall, as a condition to the grant of any benefit thereunder, require a Covered Executive 
 
 Powell Industries, Inc. Company Policy 
 Governance Policies 
 Executive Recoupment Policy September 20, 2023 
 Page 3 of 4 

EXHIBIT 97 

Executive Recoupment Policy 
 Version 2.0 Applies To Company 
 Company Policy Governance Policies 

to agree to abide by the terms of this Policy. Any right of recoupment under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recoupment that may be available to the Company pursuant to the terms of any similar policy in any employment agreement, equity award agreement or similar agreement and any other legal remedies available to the Company. 
 Impracticability 
 The Board shall recover any excess Incentive Compensation in accordance with this Policy unless such recovery would be impracticable, as determined by the Board in accordance with Rule 10D-1 of the Exchange Act and the listing standards of the national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. 
 Successors 
 This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. 

Powell Industries, Inc. Company Policy 
 Governance Policies 
 Executive Recoupment Policy September 20, 2023 
 Page 4 of 4 

</EX-97>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 powl-20230930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 powl-20230930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 powl-20230930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 powl-20230930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 powl-20230930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

