<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231016_10-K_edgar_data_1822372_0001822372-23-000013.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1507847</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>58985</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>391887</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>302316</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>278298</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>444250</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001822372-23-000013.hdr.sgml : 20231016
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231016171644
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001822372-23-000013
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		35
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231016
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231016

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Streetex Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001822372
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		IRS NUMBER:				981446177
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56416
		FILM NUMBER:		231327986

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		HANDELSTR. 1
		CITY:			LINKENHEIM-HOCHSTETTEN
		STATE:			2M
		ZIP:			76351
		BUSINESS PHONE:		725-210-5515

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		HANDELSTR. 1
		CITY:			LINKENHEIM-HOCHSTETTEN
		STATE:			2M
		ZIP:			76351

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001822372-23-000013.txt : 20231016

10-K
 1
 ssrt_10k30062023.htm

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

[ ] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended 

[ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 

 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

7819 
 
 State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Primary Standard Industrial 
 
 Incorporation or Organization 
 Classification Code Number 

IRS Employer 
 
 Identification Number 

, 

 ,

Tel. 

 Email: 

(Address and telephone number of principal executive
offices) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes ) (X) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes ) (X) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. (X) No ) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 
 (X) No ) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated 
 filer ) 
 
 Accelerated 
 filer 
 (X) 
 Emerging growth company 
 Smaller reporting 
 company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive
proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Yes ) No (X) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

 Yes ) (X) 

As of June 30, 2023, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed fiscal
year, the aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately based on par
value per share 0.001), of the registrant s common stock. 

 State the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes
of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: common shares issued and outstanding as of October 16, 2023. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Description of Business. 
 4 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 6 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 6 
 
 Item 2 
 Description of Property. 
 6 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 6 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 6 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 7 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data. 
 7 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 8 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 9 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 9 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 20 
 
 Item 9A (T). 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 20 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 20 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons of the Company. 
 21 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 22 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 23 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. 
 23 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 23 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits 
 24 

Signatures 

3 

PART I 

 Item 1. Description of Business 

Forward-looking statements 

Statements made in this Form 10-K that are not historical
or current facts are forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933 (the Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements often can be identified by
the use of terms such as may, will, expect, believe, anticipate, estimate, 
 approximate or continue, or the negative thereof. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to
the safe harbors for such statements. We wish to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which
speak only as of the date made. Any forward-looking statements represent management's best judgment as to what may occur in the future.
However, forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and important factors beyond our control that could cause actual
results and events to differ materially from historical results of operations and events and those presently anticipated or projected.
We disclaim any obligation subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of
such statement or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

Financial information contained in this report and
in our financial statements is stated in United States dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting
principles. 

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

Our principal office address is located at Handel
str. 1, Linkenheim-Hochstetten, Germany, 76351. Our telephone number is (725) 210-5515. Our plan of operation is forward-looking and there
is no assurance that we will ever reach profitable operations. We are a development stage company and received 30,982 in revenue for
the year ended June 30, 2023. It is likely that we will not be able to achieve profitability and would be forced to cease operations due
to the lack of funding. 

Main Idea 

Our company intends to operate in the business of
video advertisement for business entities or private individuals. We plan to produce advertising video content for social networks such
as YouTube, Instagram, Facebook, Twitter and many others. Our principal services are aimed at bloggers, SMM managers and/or companies
to promote their services on social web platforms. As our business grows, we may expand to related markets such as, advertising on online
streaming platforms or, online cinema platforms. 

Our preliminary list of services is, as follows: 

1. Shoot video sequences depending
on the request; 

 2. Edit video sequences shot
by our company, depending on the request, videos may be shot by third companies, but footage is owned by the customer; 

 3. Add subtitles, transitions
and/ or other video effects to the video sequences; 

 4. Add soundtracks or voice-overs
to the video sequences; 

 5. Re-edit the video sequence
and/ or re-edit the voice tracks or the soundtracks in the footage owned by the customer or bought by the customer from the third parties. 

 6. Provide a video sequence from
our bank of premade video footages. Necessary text is added to the footage, depending on the request; 

 Depending on the demand and profitability,
we expect that the list of services may be expanded or cut. 

Communication with Customers 

We are planning to deliver our services business entities
or private individuals mostly. 

We plan to organize our business to function, as follows: 

1. We receive a request with
the description of desired video sequence or, the request with a prepared shooting script. 

 2. If our customer wishes so,
for the additional fee they can choose sex, body type, and face type of the actor to star in the video; 

 3. We shoot the video as requested
or, search for the premade video sequences in our video bank if it meets the request and/ or lacks the original idea, for instance, a
video of a landscape view. 

 4. If the request states so,
we provide editing, special video and/ or sound effects added to the sequence, subtitles, or captions added to the video. 

 5. If the request states so,
record sound effects or voice over for the video; 

6. Deliver the finished video
to the customer. We provide the video to download at the customer s personal account. 

4 

Marketing Campaign 

Our business is aimed at the online market thus we
expect to promote our services with the help of online marketing tools. We expect to present our services via banners or flags, or video
advertisements on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube and similar services. We plan to organize our portfolio in a web catalogue
to present our services to our potential clients. We plan to make our catalogue accessible on our website and on our mobile application.
We plan to organize the catalogue by categories and add tags. Thus, we expect that browsing by categories such as, sport industry or beauty
industry or, simply, by tags such as sport , lifestyle or active can
help to attract customers from various types of businesses. 

We plan to attract the focus of our customers by means
of a context advertising tools such as Google AdWords, Yahoo! Gemini and similar tools by AOL and Facebook. We plan to use SEO (Search
Engine Optimization) provided by the services listed above in order to have our application and web platform on the top of the search
queries list. We expect that the services listed above can help to attract customers who search for ad production for social
web or video ad production or, simply video ad . 

We plan to take parts in advertising conventions,
workshops and/ or presentations and similar events to promote our application and our services. We also plan to advertise our application
and our services in printed issues of magazines, in electronic issues of press, commercial web communities, and communities of advertising
professionals. As our business grows, we may expand our advertising campaign to bigger platforms such as online streaming services, for
instance, Netflix, or web trading platforms, for instance, Amazon. 

We also plan to have social web pages of our own on
the websites such as Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. We assume that we can demonstrate how our product looks and performs on the platforms
it is intended. Thus, we can also expect an increase in customers. We plan to reinforce our promotion by means of WhatsApp accounts where
we can post up-to-date information, create discussion channels with our customers or individuals interested in video advertising production.
We expect that WhatsApp may aid us to react and interact instantly with the community of our customers. 

Competition 

We have many competitors in the business of video
production and video editing services. Our competition strategy based on the following aspects: 

 - Our sole officer and director
have professional 15 years experience and network. 

 - Our customization approach
based on the values, mission and market needs of our clients. 

 - Uninterrupted contemporary
social media trends analysis. 

Revenue 

We are charging our customers on the hourly rate basis
from 300 to 3,000 per hour, depending on the project complexity. Our main expenses in video production services are video production
team s fees. Our hourly rate may include the fees of producers, directors, videographers, editors, screenwriters, art directors,
and actors. We expect that our revenue will be 30 from the hourly rate. Our customers will cover all additional costs connected with
the video production services such as specific decorations, equipment, transfer etc. 

Insurance 

We do not maintain any insurance and do not intend
to maintain insurance in the future. Because we do not have any insurance, if we are had a party of a legal action, we may not have sufficient
funds to defend the litigation. If that occurs a judgment could be rendered against us that could cause us to cease operations. 

Employees; Identification of Certain Significant
Employees 

We are a development stage company and currently have
no employees other than our sole officer and director, Mr. Dubs. He handles the Company s day-to-day operations. We intend to hire
employees on the outsource basis. 

Offices 

Our business office is located at Handel str. 1, Linkenheim-Hochstetten,
Germany, 76351. This is the office provided by our President and Director, Stefan Dubs. Our phone number is (725) 210-5515. We do
not pay any rent to Mr. Dubs and there is no agreement to pay any rent in the future. 

5 

Government Regulation 

We will be required to comply with all regulations,
rules, and directives of governmental authorities and agencies applicable to our business in any jurisdiction which we would conduct activities.
As a U.S. Company doing business in Germany, we should comply with the laws and regulations of European Union and follow to the Directive
2006/123/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2006 on services in the internal market. We also should follow
to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). According to the regulations, our type of services does not require any additional
license or registration on the territory of Germany or European Union. We don t need to register local entity or branch to deliver
our services. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

Item 2. Description of Property 

We do not own any real estate or other properties.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

During the past ten years, none of the following occurred
with respect to the President of the Company: (1) any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a
general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in
a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) being
subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of any competent jurisdiction,
permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or
banking activities; and (4) being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the commodities futures trading
commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings,
and we are not aware of any pending or potential legal actions. 

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

6 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 

 Market Information 

There is a limited public market for our common shares.
 Our common shares are not quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board at this time. Trading in stocks quoted on the OTC Bulletin
Board is often thin and is characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors that may be unrelated to a company s
operations or business prospects. We cannot assure you that there will be a market in the future for our common stock. 

OTC Bulletin Board securities are not listed or traded
on the floor of an organized national or regional stock exchange. Instead, OTC Bulletin Board securities transactions are conducted
through a telephone and computer network connecting dealers in stocks. OTC Bulletin Board issuers are traditionally smaller companies
that do not meet the financial and other listing requirements of a regional or national stock exchange. 

As of June 30, 2023, no shares of our common stock
have traded. 

Number of Holders 

As of June 30, 2023, the 2,516,814 issued and outstanding shares of common
stock were held by a total of 29 shareholder of record. 

Dividends 

 No cash dividends were paid on our shares of common
stock during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

The Company has 75,000,000, 0.001 par value shares
of common stock authorized. 

In July 2021 the Company issued 19,000 shares of common
stock for cash proceeds of 950 at 0.05 per share. 

In September 2021 the Company issued 116,000 shares
of common stock for cash proceeds of 5,800 at 0.05 per share. 

In October 2021 the Company issued 57,000 shares of
common stock for cash proceeds of 2,850 at 0.05 per share. 

In November 2021 the Company issued 38,000 shares
of common stock for cash proceeds of 1,900 at 0.05 per share. 

There were 2,516,814 shares of common stock issued and outstanding
as of June 30, 2023 and 2,516,814 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2022. 

Purchase of our Equity Securities by Officers
and Directors 

On October 11, 2019, the Company offered and sold
2,000,000 restricted shares of common stock to our president and director, Stefan Dubs, for a purchase price of 0.001 per share, for
aggregate offering proceeds of 2,000, pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 as he is a sophisticated investor and is
in possession of all material information relating to us. Further, no commissions were paid to anyone in connection with the sale of these
shares and general solicitation was not made to anyone. 

Other Stockholder Matters 

None. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies . 

7 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

You should read the following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our financial statements and the related notes and other
financial information included elsewhere in this prospectus. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or
set forth elsewhere in this prospectus, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business and related
financing, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should review the Risk
Factors section of this prospectus for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and
analysis. 

We qualify as an emerging growth company under
the JOBS Act. As a result, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. For so long as
we are an emerging growth company, we will not be required to: 

have an auditor report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

provide an auditor attestation with respect to management s report on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting; 

comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e., an auditor discussion and analysis); 

submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory votes, such as say-on-pay and say-on-frequency; and 

disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides
that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities
Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain
accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits
of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such
new or revised accounting standards. 

We will remain an emerging growth company for
up to five years, or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our total annual gross revenues is 1 billion,
(ii) the date that we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, which would occur if the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates is 700 million as of the last
business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible
debt during the preceding three year period. 

Results of Operations for
the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

Revenue and cost of goods
sold 

For the years ended June
30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 the Company generated total revenue of 30,982 and 0 from providing services to its customers. The costs of
goods for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 were 22,000 and 0, respectively. 

Operating expenses 

Total operating expenses
for the year ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 were 18,044 and 39,189. The operating expenses for the year ended June 30, 2023 included
bank charges of 227; audit fees of 13,964 and professional fees of 3,854. The operating expenses for the year ended June 30, 2022 included
bank charges of 277; depreciation expense of 113; legal fees of 1,200; audit fees of 11,750 and professional fees of 25,849. Decrease
in expenses is mainly due to decrease in professional fees. For the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company paid for DTC eligibility services,
but there were no expenses for DTC eligibility services for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

8 

Net Loss 

The net loss for the years
ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 was 9,062 and 39,189 accordingly. 

Liquidity and Capital
Resources and Cash Requirements 

At year ended June 30, 2023,
the Company had cash of 20,072 1,452 as of June 30, 2022). Furthermore, the Company had a negative working capital of 35,519 26,457
as of June 30, 2022). The increase in negative working capital is due to increase in loan from related party as of June 30, 2023. 

During the year ended June
30, 2023 the Company used 20,943 of cash in operating activities due to its net loss and changes in accounts payable of 5,899 and deferred
revenue of 5,982. 

During the year ended June
30, 2023 the Company generated 39,563 of cash in financing activities. 

During the year ended June
30, 2022 the Company used 25,094 of cash in operating activities due to its net loss and in accounts payable of 8,000, depreciation
of 113 and deferred revenue of 5,982. 

During the year ended June
30, 2022 the Company generated 11,500 of cash in financing activities. 

Management believes that current trends toward lower
capital investment in start-up companies pose the most significant challenge to the Company s success over the next year and in
future years. Additionally, the Company will have to meet all the financial disclosure and reporting requirements associated with being
a publicly reporting company. The Company s management will have to spend additional time on policies and procedures to make sure
it is compliant with various regulatory requirements, especially that of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. This additional
corporate governance time required of management could limit the amount of time management has to implement its business plan and impede
the speed of its operations. 

Limited operating history; need for additional
capital 

There is no historical financial
information about us upon which to base an evaluation of our performance. We are in a start-up stage of operations and have generated
limited revenues since inception. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to
risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources and possible cost overruns due to
price and cost increases in services and products. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

The Company does not have
any off balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the Company's financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

9 

STREETEX CORP. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 AND JUNE 30, 2022 

Table of Contents 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 11 
 
 Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 
 
 12 
 
 Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 
 
 13 
 
 Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 
 
 14 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 
 
 15 
 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
 16 

10 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Streetex
Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Streetex Corp. the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders 
equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year
period ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company
has an accumulated deficit and negative working capital. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 Critical Audit Matters 

 Critical audit matters are matters arising
from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

PCAOB ID #0 

 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

October 16, 2023 

F-1 

 11 

STREETEX CORP. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

 June 30, 2023 and 2022 (Audited) 

ASSETS 

June 30, 
 2023 

June 30, 
 2022 
 
 Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Total Current Assets 

Total Assets 
 
 20,072 
 
 1,452 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY(DEFICIT) 

Liabilities 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Related party loan 

Deferred revenue 
 
 - 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Common stock, par value ; shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

See accompanying notes, which are an integral part
of these financial statements 

F-2 

12 

STREETEX CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 (Audited) 

Year ended 
 June 30, 2023 

Year ended 
 June 30, 2022 
 
 Revenue 

- 
 
 Cost of goods sold 

- 
 
 GROSS PROFIT 

- 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

NET LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 
 
 - 
 
 - 

NET LOSS 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

NET LOSS PER SHARE: BASIC AND DILUTED 

) 

) 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING: BASIC AND DILUTED 

See accompanying notes, which are an integral part
of these financial statements 

F-3 

13 

STREETEX CORP. 

STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 Year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 (Audited) 

Common Stock 
 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 
 Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 June 30, 2021 

) 

Issuance of common stock 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 June 30, 2022 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 June 30, 2023 

) 
 
 ) 

See accompanying notes, which are an integral part
of these financial statements 

F-4 

14 

STREETEX CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 Year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 (Audited) 

Year ended 
 June 30, 2023 

Year ended 
 June 30, 2022 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash from operating activities: 

Depreciation expense 
 
 - 

Accounts payable 
 
 ) 

Deferred revenue 
 
 ) 

CASH FLOWS USED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from sale of stock 
 
 - 

Proceeds from related party loan 

- 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

) 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Interest paid 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Income taxes paid 
 
 - 
 
 - 

See accompanying notes, which are an integral part
of these financial statements 

F-5 

15 

STREETEX CORP. 

 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June 30, 2023 (Audited) 

and negative working capital of 35,519 For the year
ended June 30, 2023 the Company had 30,982 in revenues and an accumulated deficit of 63,360 These factors raise substantial doubt regarding
the Company`s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Management anticipates that the Company will be dependent,
for the near future, on additional investment capital to fund operating expenses. There is no assurance that the Company will be successful
in its endeavors or become financially viable and continue as a going concern. 

The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

STREETEX CORP. 

 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June 30, 2023 (Audited) 

Certain accounting pronouncements have been issued
by the FASB and other standard setting organizations which are not yet effective and therefore have not yet been adopted by the Company.
The impact on the Company`s financial position and results of operations from adoption of these standards is not expected to be material. 

F-7 

17 

STREETEX CORP. 

 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June 30, 2023 (Audited) 

shares of common stock issued
and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

STREETEX CORP. 

 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June 30, 2023 (Audited) 

) 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 
 
 - 
 - 

) 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Actual tax expense (benefit) 
 
 - 
 - 

The related deferred tax benefit on the above unutilized
tax losses has a full valuation allowance not recognized against it as there is no certainty of its realization. Management has evaluated
tax positions in accordance with ASC 740 and has not identified any significant tax positions, other than those disclosed. 

F-9 

19 

Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None 

Item 9A(T) Controls and Procedures 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
over Financial Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)). The Company s internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under the supervision and with the participation
of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023 using the criteria established in Internal
Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Tread way Commission COSO ). 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In its assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, the Company determined that there were control deficiencies
that constituted material weaknesses, as described below. 

1. We do not have an Audit Committee While not being legally obligated
to have an audit committee, it is the management s view that such a committee, including a financial expert member, is an utmost
important entity level control over the Company s financial statement. Currently the Board of Directors acts in the capacity of
the Audit Committee, and does not include a member that is considered to be independent of management to provide the necessary oversight
over management s activities. 

2. We did not maintain appropriate cash controls As of June 30, 2023,
the Company has not maintained sufficient internal controls over financial reporting for the cash process, including failure to segregate
cash handling and accounting functions, and did not require dual signature on the Company s bank accounts. Alternatively, the effects
of poor cash controls were mitigated by the fact that the Company had limited transactions in their bank accounts. 

3. We did not implement appropriate information technology controls 
As at June 30, 2023, the Company retains copies of all financial data and material agreements; however there is no formal procedure or
evidence of normal backup of the Company s data or off-site storage of data in the event of theft, misplacement, or loss due to
unmitigated factors. 

Accordingly, the Company concluded that these control
deficiencies resulted in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the company s internal controls. 

As a result of the material weaknesses described above,
management has concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023 based
on criteria established in Internal Control- Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 

System of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act)
that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the
issuer s management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or
persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

An evaluation was conducted under the supervision
and with the participation of our management of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of June 30, 2023. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
as of such date to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There was no change in the Company s internal
control over financial reporting during the quarterly period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

20 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters
and Control Persons of the Company 

The name, age and titles of our executive officer
and director are as follows: 

Name and Address of Executive 
 Officer and/or Director 
 Age 
 Position 

Stefan Dubs 
 Handelstr. 1, Linkenheim-Hochstetten, Germany 76351 
 40 
 
 President, Treasurer, Secretary and Director 
 (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Stefan Dubs has acted as our President, Treasurer,
Secretary and sole Director since we incorporated on September 4, 2018. Mr. Dubs graduated from Berlin University of the Arts in 2008.
Since 2008 till 2015 he worked as a videographer at SSaw GmbH. Since 2015, Mr. Dubs has been working as the Sole proprietor (Freiberufler)
videographer and videoeditor around the Germany. He has been specializing mostly on the social media video content for bloggers on YouTube
and Instagram. We believe that Mr. Dubs s specific experience, qualifications and skills will enable to develop our business. 

During the past ten years, Mr. Dubs has not been the
subject to any of the following events: 

 1. Any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any
business of which Mr. Dubs was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to
that time. 

 2. Any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being
subject to a pending criminal proceeding. 

 3. An order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated, or any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise
limiting Mr. Dubs s involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities. 

 4. Found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in
a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Future Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state
securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

 5. Was the subject of any order, judgment or decree,
not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more
than 60 days the right to engage in any activity described in paragraph (f)(3)(i) of this section, or to be associated with persons engaged
in any such activity; 

6. Was found by a court of competent jurisdiction
in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or
finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

 7. Was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal
or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to
an alleged violation of: 

 i. 

 Any Federal or State securities or commodities law
or regulation; or 

 ii. 

 Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions
or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil
money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or 

 iii. 

 Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud
or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

 8. Was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction
or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the
Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))),
or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated
with a member. 

TERM OF OFFICE 

 Our Director is appointed to hold office until the
next annual meeting of our stockholders or until his respective successor is elected and qualified, or until he resigns or is removed
in accordance with the provisions of the Nevada Revised Statues. Our officers are appointed by our Board of Directors and hold office
until removed by the Board or until their resignation. 

DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

 Our Board of Directors is currently composed of one
member, Stefan Dubs, who does not qualify as an independent director. In addition, our board of directors has not made a subjective determination
as to each director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of
independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Had our Board of Directors made these determinations, our board
of directors would have reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard to each director s business
and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management. 

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

 Our Board of Directors has no committees. We do not
have a standing nominating, compensation or audit committee. 

21 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

MANAGEMENT COMPENSATION 

The following tables set forth certain information about compensation paid,
earned or accrued for services by our Executive Officer for the year ended June 30, 2023 and for the year ended June 30, 2022: 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and 
 Principal 
 Position 
 Period / Year 
 
 Salary 
 ) 
 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 
 
 Option 
 Awards 
 ) 
 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 
 All Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 
 All Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Stefan Dubs, President, Secretary and Treasurer 
 Year ended June 30, 2023 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 
 
 Stefan Dubs, President, Secretary and Treasurer 
 Year ended June 30, 2022 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

There are no current employment agreements between
the Company and its Officer. 

Mr. Dubs currently devotes approximately twenty hours
per week to manage the affairs of the Company. He has agreed to work with no remuneration until such time as the company receives sufficient
revenues necessary to provide management salaries. At this time, we cannot accurately estimate when sufficient revenues will occur
to implement this compensation, or what the amount of the compensation will be. 

There are no annuity, pension or retirement benefits
proposed to be paid to the officer or director or employees in the event of retirement at normal retirement date pursuant to any presently
existing plan provided or contributed to by the company or any of its subsidiaries, if any. 

Director Compensation 

The following table sets forth director compensation for the year ended
June 30, 2023 and for the year ended June 30, 2022: 

Name 
 Period / Year 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Stefan Dubs 
 Year ended June 30, 2023 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 Stefan Dubs 
 Year ended June 30, 2022 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

22 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth certain information
concerning the number of shares of our common stock, owned beneficially as of June 30, 2023 by: (i) each person (including any group),
known to us to own more than five percent (5 of any class of our voting securities, (ii) our director, and or (iii) our officer. Unless
otherwise indicated, the stockholder listed possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. 

Title of Class 
 
 Name and Address of 
 Beneficial Owner 
 
 Amount and Nature of 
 Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent of class 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Stefan Dubs 
 Handelstr. 1, Linkenheim-Hochstetten, Germany 76351 
 2,000,000 shares of common stock (direct) 
 79.5 

(1) A beneficial owner of a security includes any
person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting
power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose
or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons
share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if
the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information
is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of
shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As of June 30, 2023, there
were 2,516,814 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. 

Future sales by existing stockholders 

 A total of 2,000,000 shares of common stock were issued
to sole officer and director, all of which are restricted securities, as defined in Rule 144 of the Rules and Regulations of the SEC promulgated
under the Securities Act. As we are a shell company , Rule 144 would not be available for the resale of restricted securities
by our stockholders until we have complied with the requirements of Rule 144(i). Under Rule 144, the shares can be publicly sold, subject
to volume restrictions and restrictions on the manner of sale. Such shares can only be sold after six months provided that the issuer
of the securities is, and has been for a period of at least 90 days immediately before the sale, subject to the reporting requirements
of section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Shares purchased in the offering, which will be immediately resalable, and sales of
all of our other shares after applicable restrictions expire, could have a depressive effect on the market price, if any, of our common
stock and the shares we are offering. 

There is no public trading market for our common stock.
To be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board and/or OTC Link. a market maker must file an application on our behalf to make a market for our
common stock. As of the date of this Registration Statement, we have not engaged a market maker to file such an application, that there
is no guarantee that a market maker will file an application on our behalf, and that even if an application is filed; there is no guarantee
that we will be accepted for quotation. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

Stefan Dubs will not be paid for any underwriting
services that he performs on our behalf with respect to this report. 

Other than Mr. Dubs purchase of founders shares
from the Company as stated below, there is nothing of value (including money, property, contracts, options or rights of any kind), received
or to be received, by Mr. Dubs, directly or indirectly, from the Company. 

On October 12, 2019, we issued a total of 2,000,000
shares of restricted common stock to Stefan Dubs, our sole officer and director in consideration of 2,000. Further, Mr. Dubs has advanced
funds to us. As of June 30, 2023, Mr. Dubs has advanced to us 51,490. Mr. Dubs will not be repaid from the proceeds of the offering.
There is no due date for the repayment of the funds advanced by Mr. Dubs. Mr. Dubs will be repaid from revenues of operations if and when
we generate revenues to pay the obligation. The obligation to Mr. Dubs does not bear interest. There is no written agreement evidencing
the advancement of funds by Mr. Dubs or the repayment of the funds to Mr. Dubs. The entire transaction was oral. We have a verbal agreement
with Mr. Dubs that, if necessary, he will loan the company funds to complete the registration process. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

During fiscal year ended June 30, 2023,
we incurred approximately 13,964 in fees to our principal independent accountants for professional services rendered in connection
with the audit of our June 30, 2022 financial statements and for the reviews of our financial statements for the quarters ended September
30, 2022, December 31, 2022, and March 31, 2023; 0 in fees for tax and 0 for other expenses. 

During fiscal year ended June 30, 2022,
we incurred approximately 11,750 in fees to our principal independent accountants for professional services rendered in connection
with the audit of our June 30, 2021 financial statements and for the reviews of our financial statements for the quarters ended September
30, 2021, December 31, 2021, and March 31, 2022; 0 in fees for tax and 0 for other expenses. 

23 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are included as part of this
report by reference: 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a). 

32.1 
 
 Certifications pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act
of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized
in the City of Linkenheim-Hochstetten, Germany, on October 16, 2023. 

STREETEX CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ 
 Stefan Dubs 

Name: 
 Stefan Dubs 

Title: 
 President, Treasurer and Secretary 

(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

24 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31.htm

Ex.31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Stefan Dubs, certify that: 

1. 
 I have
 reviewed this Annual Report Form 10-K of STREETEX CORP.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 16, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Stefan Dubs 

Stefan Dubs 

President, Treasurer and Secretary 
 (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex32.htm

Ex.32.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this Annual Report of
STREETEX CORP., on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Stefan Dubs, Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer of the
Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 

 the Report, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

 The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: October
 16, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Stefan Dubs 

Stefan Dubs 

President, Treasurer and Secretary 
 (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 ssrt-20230630.xsd

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ssrt-20230630_cal.xml

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 ssrt-20230630_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ssrt-20230630_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

