<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231120_10-K_edgar_data_1314727_0000950170-23-065135.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14245448</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>361696</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2268301</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5359561</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2145537</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3647568</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-065135.hdr.sgml : 20231120
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231120163504
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-065135
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231120
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231120

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sonos Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001314727
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOUSEHOLD AUDIO & VIDEO EQUIPMENT [3651]
		IRS NUMBER:				030479476
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38603
		FILM NUMBER:		231423237

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		614 CHAPALA STREET
		CITY:			SANTA BARBARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		805-965-3001

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		614 CHAPALA STREET
		CITY:			SANTA BARBARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93101

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-065135.txt : 20231120

10-K
 1
 sono-20230930.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip code) 

- 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one): 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the shares of SONO common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of March 31, 2023, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was million based on the closing price of 19.62 as reported by The Nasdaq Global Select Market System. 
 As of November 7, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding, 0.001 par value per share. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Part I 

Item 1 
 Business 
 4 

Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 13 

Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 

Item 1C 
 Cybersecurity 
 26 

Item 2 
 Properties 
 26 

Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 26 

Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 26 

Part II 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 

Item 6 
 [Reserved] 
 28 

Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 

Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 43 

Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 44 

Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 76 

Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 76 

Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 76 

Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 76 

Part III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 77 

Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 77 

Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 77 

Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 77 

Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 77 

Part IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 78 

Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 80 

Signatures 
 
 81 

2 
 
 Table of contents 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements regarding future operations, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as believe, may, will, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, could, would, expect, objective, plan, potential, seek, grow, target, if, and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations, objectives, restructuring efforts, and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in the section titled Risk Factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not occur, and actual results may differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 our expectations regarding our results of operations, including gross margin, financial condition and cash flows; 

our expectations regarding the development and expansion of our business; 

anticipated trends, challenges and opportunities in our business and in the markets in which we operate; 

competitors and competition in our markets; 

our ability to maintain and promote our brand and expand brand awareness; 

our ability to successfully develop and introduce new products; 

our ability to manage our international operations; 

the effects of tariffs, trade barriers and retaliatory trade measures; 

our ability to expand our customer base and expand sales to existing customers; 

our expectations regarding development of our direct-to-consumer sales channels; 

expansion of our partner network; 

the macroeconomic environment and our ability to navigate it; 

our ability to retain and hire necessary employees and staff our operations appropriately; 

the timing and amount of certain expenses and our ability to achieve operating leverage over time; and 

our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual propert y. 

We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by law, we do not intend to update any of these forward-looking statements after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to conform these statements to actual results or revised expectations. 
 You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and events and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect. 
 3 
 
 Table of contents 
 PA RT I 
 Item 1: B usiness 
 Overview 
 Sonos is one of the world's leading sound experience brands. 
 We pioneered multi-room, wireless audio products, debuting the world s first multi-room wireless sound system in 2005. Today, our products include wireless, portable and home theater speakers, components, and accessories to address consumers evolving audio needs. We are known for delivering unparalleled sound, thoughtful design aesthetic, simplicity of use, and an open platform. Our platform has attracted a broad range of more than 130 streaming content providers, such as Apple Music, Spotify, Deezer, and Pandora. These partners find value in our independent platform and access to our millions of desirable and engaged customers. We frequently introduce new services and features across our platform, providing our customers with enhanced functionality, improved sound, and an enriched user experience. We are committed to continuous technological innovation as reflected in our growing global patent portfolio. We believe our patents comprise the foundational intellectual property for wireless multi-room and other audio technologies. 
 Since we launched our first product 18 years ago, we have grown our install base by launching innovative new products, delivering a seamless customer experience, and expanding our global footprint. In fiscal 2023, existing customers accounted for approximately 44 of new product registrations. As of September 30, 2023, we had a total of nearly 46.6 million products registered in approximately 15.3 million households globally, including the addition of approximately 1.3 million new households during fiscal 2023. Our customers have typically purchased additional Sonos products over time. As of September 30, 2023, 60 of our 15.3 million households had registered more than one Sonos product. As of September 30, 2023, our households own 3.0 products on average. 
 Our Products 
 We generate revenue from sales of our Sonos speaker products, including wireless speakers and home theater speakers, from our Sonos system products, which largely comprises our component products, and from partner products and other revenue, including partnerships with IKEA and Sonance, Sonos and third-party accessories, licensing, advertising, and subscription revenue, including 
 4 
 
 Table of contents 
 Sonos Radio HD, and Sonos Pro. Our portfolio of products encourages customers to uniquely tailor their Sonos sound systems to best meet their sound and design preferences. 
 Sonos speakers. Sonos speakers comprises our wireless speakers and home theater products, including: 

Product 
 Launch Date 
 Description 

Era 100 
 March 2023 
 Our powerful smart speaker with improved acoustics and design that delivers detailed stereo sound and deep bass. Originally launched as One in October 2017 and completely redesigned in March 2023 as Era 100. 

Era 300 
 March 2023 
 Our bold, revolutionary speaker that offers the best out-loud listening experience for your favorite spatial audio content with Dolby Atmos. 

Sub Mini 
 October 2022 
 Our wireless subwoofer which delivers powerful, balanced bass, rich, clear low end frequencies, in a compact cylindrical design. 

Ray 
 June 2022 
 Our smallest, smart soundbar for TV, music, and more. 

Beam (Gen 2) 
 October 2021 
 Our smart, compact soundbar for TV, music, and more, with support for Dolby Atmos. Originally introduced as Beam (Gen 1) in June 2018. 

Roam Colors Roam SL Roam 
 May 2022 March 2022 April 2021 
 Our ultra-portable smart speaker with Bluetooth and WiFi for listening on the go and at home. Originally introduced as Roam in April 2021 

Arc 
 June 2020 
 Our premium smart soundbar for TV, movies, music, gaming, and more, with support for Dolby Atmos. Replaced Playbar, our first smart soundbar released in April 2013 and Playbase, our powerful sound base for TVs released in 2017. 

Five 
 June 2020 
 Our high fidelity speaker for superior sound. Originally launched as Play:5 (Gen 1) in November 2009 and completely redesigned in November 2015 as Play:5 (Gen 2). 

Sub (Gen 3) 
 June 2020 
 Our wireless subwoofer for deep bass. Originally introduced as Sub (Gen 1) in June 2012. 

Move 2 
 September 2023 
 Our portable, battery-powered smart speaker that delivers spacious stereo sound, with ultra-durable water resistant design for outdoor and indoor listening. Originally introduced as Move in September 2019. 

Sonos System Products. Sonos system products comprises our component and other products which allow customers to convert third-party wired systems, stereo systems and home theater set-ups into our easy-to-use, wirelessly controlled streaming music system, including: 

Product 
 Launch Date 
 Description 

Port 
 September 2019 
 Our versatile streaming component for stereos or receivers. Replaced Connect which launched in January 2007. 

Amp 
 February 2019 
 Our versatile amplifier powering all our customers entertainment. Replaced Connect: Amp which launched in September 2012. 

5 
 
 Table of contents 
 Partner Products and Other Revenue. Partner products and other revenue categories comprise products sold in connection with our partnerships, accessories, professional services, licensing, and advertising revenue. Products in this category comprise accessories that allow our customers to integrate our products seamlessly into their homes as well as products manufactured by and/or sold by our partners, including: 

Product 
 Launch Date 
 Description 

Sonos Pro 
 April 2023 
 Our software-as-a-service subscription offering for commercial audiences. 

Audi Partnership 
 April 2021 
 Our first-ever automotive audio partnership delivering Sonos-tuned premium sound experience for the Q4 e-tron and further models including the A1, Q2, and Q3. 

Sonos Radio HD 
 November 2020 
 Our subscription service of ad-free, high-definition streaming tier of our streaming radio, Sonos Radio. 

Sonos Radio 
 April 2020 
 Our free, ad-supported streaming radio experience bringing together more than 60,000 stations from multiple streaming partners alongside original programming from Sonos. 

Sonos Architectural by Sonance 
 February 2019 
 Our collection of installed passive speakers for indoor and outdoor use designed and optimized for Amp in partnership with Sonance, including in-ceiling, in-wall, and outdoor speakers. 

IKEA module units 
 Various 
 Hardware and embedded software integrated into final products manufactured and sold by IKEA. Current IKEA products include SYMFONISK picture frame, bookshelf speaker, and speaker lamp. 

Accessories 
 Various 
 Our custom-designed stands, mounts, shelves, cables, chargers, and more. 

6 
 
 Table of contents 
 Our Software 
 Our proprietary software is the foundation of the Sonos sound system and further differentiates our products and services from those of our competitors. 
 In June 2020, we introduced Sonos S2, a powerful new app and operating system to enable a new generation of Sonos products and experiences, which includes new features, usability updates, and more personalization while also enabling higher resolution audio technologies for music and home theater. In June 2022, we introduced Sonos Voice Control, the first voice experience purpose-built for listening to and controlling your music on Sonos speakers. Designed with privacy at its core, Sonos Voice Control is the simplest way to control your music, offering complete command of your Sonos system using only your voice. Sonos Voice Control works on every voice-capable Sonos speaker, processing requests entirely on the Sonos device. 
 Our software provides the following key benefits: 
 Multi-room, multi-service experience. Our system enables our speakers to work individually or together in synchronized playback groups, powered by wireless network and Bluetooth capabilities to route and play audio optimally from all the different content services that our customers enjoy. 

Open platform for content partners. Our platform enables customers to easily search and browse for content from a list of more than 130 content partners from around the world including stations, artists, albums, podcasts, audio books, and more. Content partners can connect to Sonos via our platform and find a new and growing audience for their catalogs. 

Intuitive and flexible control. Our customers can control their experiences through the Sonos app, voice control, from Sonos devices directly, or an expanding number of third-party apps and smart devices. As our customers navigate across different controllers, our technology synchronizes the control experience across the Sonos platform to deliver the music and entertainment experience they desire. 

Smart audio tuning. Our Trueplay technology uses the microphones on an iOS device to analyze room attributes, speaker placement and other acoustic factors to improve sound quality. We also developed Automatic TruePlay to deliver the same audio tuning experience, directly using the microphones integrated to our speakers and make this available to iOS and Android users. 

Continuous Improvement. Our software platform and cloud service enables feature enhancements and delivery of new experiences on an ongoing basis. As a result, the Sonos experience improves for customers over time. 

Our Partner Ecosystem 
 We have built a platform that attracts partners to enable our customers to play content from their preferred services. Our platform has attracted a broad range of more than 130 streaming content providers and spans across content, control, and third-party applications: 
 Content . We partner with a broad range of content providers, such as streaming music services, internet radio stations, and podcast services, allowing our customers to enjoy their audio content from whichever source they desire. 

Control. We provide our customers with multiple options to control their home audio experiences, including voice control and direct control from within selected streaming music service apps. Our platform is the first to offer consumers the ability to buy a single smart speaker with more than one voice assistant choice. Our voice-enabled speaker products have Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant functionality, and in June 2022, we introduced Sonos Voice Control. 

Third-party partnerships . We partner with third-party developers to build new applications and services on top of the Sonos platform, increasing customer engagement and creating new experiences for our customers, such as architectural in-ceiling, in-wall and outdoor speakers in partnership with Sonance, picture frame, bookshelf and table lamp speakers in partnership with IKEA, and automotive sound in partnership with Audi. 

Research and Development 
 Our research and development team develops new hardware products, software and services, while continually improving and enhancing our existing software and hardware products to address customer demands and emerging trends. Our teams have worked on features and enhancements to the Sonos system including developments to the Sonos app, product setup, Trueplay tuning, the ability to use Alexa or Google voice services, and Sonos Voice Control. Our audio team has developed a series of acoustic technologies which enabled us to create speakers that produce high-fidelity sound. In April 2022, we added a talented group of employees to our research and development team through our acquisition of Mayht, a Netherlands-based company, which invented a new approach to audio transducers. The addition of this team and its strategic technology is helping transform and enhance our product portfolio. Our wireless 
 7 
 
 Table of contents 
 and radio team established world-class wireless performance that enabled multi-room experience, wireless surround sound, and many other applications. Our industrial design and mechanical engineering teams developed a cohesive, unique family of products across multiple categories and use-cases such as home theater, all-in-one, and portable. These products demonstrate a range of proprietary manufacturing and design details, logo application techniques, and assembly architecture. The products and software we develop require significant technical knowledge and expertise to develop at a competitive pace. We believe our research and development capabilities and our intellectual property differentiates us from our competitors. We intend to continue to significantly invest in research and development to bring new products and software to market and expand our platform and capabilities. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We sell our products primarily through over 10,000 third-party physical retail stores and our products are distributed in more than 60 countries. The majority of our sales are transacted through traditional physical retailers, including on their websites. We also sell through online retailers, to custom installers who bundle our products with services that they sell to their customers, and directly through our website sonos.com. 
 We invest in customer experience and customer relationship management to drive loyalty, word-of-mouth marketing and sustainable, profitable growth. Our marketing investments are focused on driving profitable growth through advertising, public relations and brand promotion activities, including digital platforms, sponsorships, collaborations, brand activations, and channel marketing. We continue to invest in our marketing and brand development efforts, including investing in capital expenditures on product displays to support our channel marketing through our retail partners. 
 Manufacturing, Logistics and Fulfillment 
 We outsource the manufacturing of our speakers and components to contract manufacturers, who produce our products based on our design specifications. Our products are manufactured by contract manufacturers in China and Malaysia, and Vietnam. In fiscal 2023, we began the process of exiting certain partnerships with two of our contract manufacturers and we expect to complete these exits with minimal disruption by the first quarter of fiscal 2024. Additionally, we continued to diversify and add to our contract manufacturing partnerships and shifted more of our production into our locations in Malaysia and Vietnam, resulting in savings including tariff avoidance. In accordance with our agreements with our contract manufacturers, they will enter into purchase orders with their upstream suppliers for component inventory necessary to manufacture our products, based on our demand forecasts. 
 The vast majority of our products are shipped to our third-party warehouses which are then shipped to our distributors, retailers, and directly to our customers. Our third-party warehouses are located in the United States in California and Pennsylvania, as well as internationally in Australia, Canada, the Netherlands, China, Japan, and the United Kingdom. 
 We use a small number of logistics providers for substantially all of our product delivery to both distributors and retailers. This approach generally allows us to reduce order fulfillment time, reduce shipping costs, and improve inventory flexibility. 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 The proliferation of streaming services, the rapid expansion of digital audio content types, and the rise in voice assistants are significantly changing audio consumption habits and increasing demand for easy, premium, integrated audio experiences. As a leading sound system for consumers, content partners and developers, Sonos is capitalizing on the large market opportunity created by these dynamics. We believe the following combination of capabilities and features of our business model distinguish us from our competitors and position us well to capitalize on our opportunities: 
 Leading sound system . We have developed and refined our sound system over the last 20 years. Our effort has resulted in significant consumer awareness and market share among home audio professionals. For example, a 2023 product study by CE Pro ranked Sonos as the leading brand in the wireless speakers, soundbar, and subwoofer categories. Our 91 share in the wireless speaker category among custom installation industry professionals significantly outpaces our competitors. 

Proprietary Sonos app and software platform. We offer our customers a mobile app that controls the Sonos sound system and the entire listening experience. Customers can stream different audio content to speakers in different rooms or the same audio content synchronized throughout the entire home. Additionally, the Sonos app enables universal search, the ability to search for audio content across streaming services and owned content so that customers can easily find, play, or curate music. 

Platform enables freedom of choice for consumers . Our broad and growing network of partners provides access to voice control, streaming music, internet radio, podcasts, and audiobook content, enabling consumers with freedom of choice in 

8 
 
 Table of contents 
 content and services. Our platform attracts a broad set of content providers, including leading streaming music services and third-party developers. 

Differentiated consumer experience creates engaged households who often repeat purchases . We deliver a differentiated customer experience to millions of households every day, cultivating a long-term passionate and engaged customer base. This engagement with our products, and our ability to continuously improve and enhance the functionality of our existing products through software updates, drives momentum in our flywheel as customers add products to their Sonos sound systems. We generate significant revenue and profits from existing customers purchasing additional products to expand their Sonos sound systems. In fiscal 2023, existing households represented approximately 44 of new product registrations. We have proven our ability to profitably develop new experiences that drive existing customers to add additional products to their home, while continuing to add new homes. We believe that we have yet to fully realize the lifetime value of our customer base and this aspect of our financial model will continue to contribute to our ability to achieve sustainable, profitable growth over the long term. 

Commitment to innovation drives continuous improvement . We have made significant investments in research and development since our inception and believe that we own the foundational intellectual property of wireless multi-room and other audio technologies. Our patent portfolio continues to grow each year. We were included in the Intellectual Property Owners Association Top 300 Patent Owners report for calendar year 2022, which was our sixth consecutive year. As of calendar year 2022, we have obtained a total of approximately 1,320 issued patents in the United States versus approximately 15 in 2011. We obtained 168 US patents in calendar year 2022 alone and are on pace to exceed 200 US patents in calendar year 2023. 

Our Growth Strategies 
 Key elements of our growth strategy include: 
 Continued introduction of innovative products and services and expansion into new categories. To address our market opportunity, we have developed a long-term roadmap to deliver innovative products, services and software enhancements, and expand into new categories. We intend to continue to introduce products and services across multiple categories designed for enjoyment in all the places and spaces that our customers listen to audio content, including outside of the home, as well as business and enterprise customers. Executing on our roadmap will position us to acquire new customers, increase sales to existing customers, and improve the customer experience. 

Expansion of direct-to-consumer efforts and building relationships with existing channel partners and prospective customers. We are focused on reaching and converting prospective customers through third-party retail stores, e-commerce retailers, our website sonos.com, and custom installers of home audio systems. We expect that our direct-to-consumer channel will continue to contribute to our growth. We intend to continue to build direct relationships with current and prospective customers through sonos.com and the Sonos app to drive direct sales. In fiscal 2023, we generated 23.8 of total revenue through our direct-to-consumer channel, primarily sonos.com. While we seek to increase sales through our direct-to-consumer sales channel, we expect that our third-party retailers will continue to be an important part of our ecosystem. We will continue to seek retail partners that can deliver differentiated in-store experiences to support customer demand for product demonstrations. Additionally, we intend to expand and strengthen our partnerships with custom installers who are valuable to our customer base and contribute to our new household growth. For example, a 2023 product survey by CE Pro ranked Sonos as the leading brand in the wireless speakers, soundbar, and subwoofer categories. Our 91 share in the wireless speakers category among custom installation industry professionals significantly outpaces our competitors. In fiscal 2023, we generated 20.7 of total revenue through our installer solutions channel. 

Expand partner ecosystem to enhance platform . We intend to deepen our relationships with our current partners and expand our partner ecosystem by providing our customers access to streaming music services, voice assistants, internet radio, podcasts and audiobook content. 

Increase brand awareness in existing geographic markets . We intend to increase our household penetration rates in our existing geographic markets by increasing brand awareness, expanding our product offerings and growing our partner ecosystem. 

Expansion into new geographic markets. Geographic expansion represents a growth opportunity in currently underserved countries. We intend to expand into new countries over time by employing country-specific marketing campaigns and distribution channels. 

9 
 
 Table of contents 
 Factors Affecting Performance 
 New Product Introductions . Since 2005, we have released products in multiple audio categories. We intend to introduce new products and services that appeal to a broad set of consumers, as well as bring our differentiated listening platform and experience to all the places and spaces where our customers listen to the breadth of audio content available, including inside and outside their homes, as well as commercial spaces. 
 Seasonality . Historically, we have typically experienced the highest levels of revenue in the first fiscal quarter of the year coinciding with the holiday shopping season and our promotional activities. Our promotional discounting activity is typically higher in the first fiscal quarter as well, which negatively impacts gross margin during this period. However, our higher sales volume in the holiday shopping season has historically resulted in a higher operating margin in the first fiscal quarter due to positive operating leverage. 
 Ability to Sell Additional Products to Existing Customers . Our existing customers typically increase the number of Sonos products in their homes. In fiscal 2023, existing households represented approximately 44 of new product registrations. As we execute on our product roadmap to address evolving consumer preferences, we believe we can expand the number of products in our customers homes. Our ability to sell additional products to existing customers is a key part of our business model, as follow-on purchases indicate high customer engagement and satisfaction, decrease the likelihood of competitive substitution, and result in higher customer lifetime value. We will continue to innovate and invest in product development in order to enhance customer experience and drive sales of additional products to existing customers. 
 Expansion of Partner Ecosystem . Expanding and maintaining strong relationships with our partners will remain important to our success. Our ability to develop, manufacture, and sell voice-enabled speakers that deliver differentiated consumer experiences will be a critical driver of our future performance, particularly as we compete in a larger market with an expanding number of competitors. We currently compete with, and will continue to compete with, companies that have greater resources than we do, many of which have brought voice-enabled speakers to market. To date, our agreements with these partners have all been on a royalty-free basis. We believe our partner ecosystem improves customer experience, attracting more customers to Sonos, which in turn attracts more partners to the platform, further enhancing customer experience. We believe partners choose to be part of the Sonos platform because it provides access to a large, engaged customer base on a global scale. We look to partner with a wide variety of streaming music services, voice assistants, connected home integrators, content creators, podcast and audiobook providers. We have also partnered with certain companies in the development of our own voice-enabled products, while also bringing to market our own voice assistant focused specifically on the audio experience. Our competitiveness in the voice-enabled speaker market will depend on successful investment in research and development, market acceptance of our products and our ability to maintain and benefit from our technology partnerships. 
 As competition increases, we believe our ability to give users the freedom to choose across a broad set of streaming services and voice control partners will be an important key differentiating factor. 
 Channel Strategy . We believe growing our own e-commerce channel will continue to be important to supporting our overall growth and profitability as consumers continue the shift from physical to online sales channels. We are investing in our e-commerce capabilities and in-app experience to drive direct sales. In fiscal 2023 and 2022, sales through our direct-to-consumer channel, primarily through sonos.com, represented 23.8 and 22.5 of our total revenue, respectively. 
 While we seek to increase sales through our direct-to-consumer sales channel, we expect that our partnerships with third-party retailers and custom installers will continue to be an important part of our ecosystem. We will continue to seek retail partners that can deliver differentiated in-store experiences to support customer demand for product demonstrations. Additionally, we intend to expand and strengthen our partnerships with custom installers who are valuable to our customer base and contribute to our new household growth. In fiscal 2023, sales through our installer solutions channel represented 20.7 of total revenue, and 21.2 in fiscal 2022. Our physical retail distribution relies on third-party retailers and our ability to maintain our diversified manufacturing footprint and base of component suppliers in support of production efficiency and flexibility across our global supply chain. 
 International Expansion. Our products are sold in more than 60 countries, and in fiscal 2023, 41.3 of our revenue was generated outside the United States. Our international growth will depend on our ability to generate sales from the global population of consumers, develop international distribution channels, and diversify our partner ecosystem to appeal to a more global audience. We are committed to strengthening our brand in global markets and our future success will depend in part on our growth in international markets. 
 Investing in Product and Software Development. Our investments in product and software development consist primarily of expenses in the personnel who support our research and development efforts and capital expenditures for new tooling and production line equipment to manufacture and test our products. We believe that our financial performance will significantly depend on the effectiveness of our investments to design and introduce innovative new products and services and enhance existing products and 
 10 
 
 Table of contents 
 software. If we fail to innovate and expand our product and software offerings or fail to maintain high standards of quality in our products, our brand, market position and revenue will be adversely affected. Further, if our development efforts are not successful, we will not recover the investments made. 
 Investing in Sales and Marketing . Our marketing investments are focused on increasing brand awareness through advertising, public relations and brand promotion activities. While we maintain a base level of investment throughout the year, significant increases in spending are highly correlated with the holiday shopping season, new product launches, and software introductions. We also invest in capital expenditures on product displays to support our retail channel partners. Sales and marketing investments are typically incurred in advance of any revenue benefits from these activities. 
 Competition 
 We compete against established, audio-focused sellers of speakers and sound systems such as Bose, Samsung (and its subsidiaries Harman International and JBL), Sony, Bang Olufsen, and Masimo (and its subsidiary Sound United that owns, among others, the Denon, Polk Audio and Bowers and Wilkens brands), and against developers of voice-enabled speakers and other voice-enabled products such as Amazon, Apple, and Google. In some cases, our competitors are also our partners in our product development and resale and distribution channels. Many of our competitors have significant market share, diversified product lines, well-established supply and distribution systems, strong worldwide brand recognition, loyal customer bases and significant financial, marketing, research, development and other resources. 
 The principal competitive factors in our market include: 
 brand awareness and reputation; 

breadth of product offering; 

price; 

sound quality; 

multi-room and wireless capabilities; 

customer support; 

product quality and design; 

ease of setup and use; and 

network of technology and content partners. 

We believe we compete favorably with our competitors on the basis of the factors described above. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Intellectual property is an important aspect of our business, and we seek protection for our intellectual property as appropriate. To establish and protect our proprietary rights, we rely upon a combination of patent, copyright, trade secret and trademark laws, and contractual restrictions such as confidentiality agreements, licenses and intellectual property assignment agreements. We maintain a policy requiring our employees, contractors, consultants and other third parties to enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements to control access to our proprietary information. These laws, procedures and restrictions provide only limited protection, and any of our intellectual property rights may be challenged, invalidated, circumvented, infringed or misappropriated. There is no guarantee that we will prevail on any patent infringement claims against third parties. Furthermore, the laws of certain countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and we therefore may be unable to protect our proprietary technology in certain jurisdictions. 
 Sonos is a leading innovator that holds a comprehensive portfolio of intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade dress and other forms of intellectual property rights in the U.S. and various other countries. Sonos patent portfolio, in particular, has been recognized as one of the strongest in consumer electronics. Our patents and patent applications relate to hardware, software, networking, accessories, and services, and include technology for the ability to stream content for playback wirelessly to one or more rooms in the home or business. It also includes technology for enabling a wide range of experiences and audio technologies that are important to the Sonos platform and enjoyed by millions of people every day across the globe. Experiences covered by our patents include simple system setup, seamless integration with other platforms and services, balanced sound, voice interactions and control, as well as experiences unique to home theater to name a few. We regularly file patent applications in the U.S. and throughout the world to protect our innovations and technology that come from areas such as research, development, 
 11 
 
 Table of contents 
 and design. Our patents expire at various times and no single patent or other intellectual property right is solely responsible for protecting Sonos products and services. Sonos continues to invest in protecting its expanding innovation through ongoing development of its patent portfolio. In addition to its own intellectual property, Sonos also enters into licensing agreements with our third-party partners to provide access to a broad range of technology, services, and content for our customers. 
 In January 2020, the Company filed a complaint with the U.S. International Trade Commission ITC against Alphabet Inc. Alphabet and Google LLC Google and a counterpart lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California against Google alleging infringement of five Sonos patents. In September 2020, the Company filed another lawsuit against Google alleging infringement of an additional four Sonos patents. In December 2020, the Company filed another lawsuit against Google Germany Gmbh and Google Ireland Ltd. in the regional court of Hamburg, Germany, alleging infringement of a Sonos patent. The ITC case has concluded with a finding of all five Sonos patents infringed by Google and not invalid. The California case has concluded with a jury verdict against Google but the court holding the Sonos patents unenforceable and invalid. Both cases are awaiting appeal. The Company has since withdrawn the German case. Starting in 2020, Google has responded by filing patent infringement lawsuits against the Company in the ITC, U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, Canada, Germany, France, and the Netherlands, and patent infringement lawsuits against the Company s subsidiary, Sonos Europe B.V., in Germany, France, and the Netherlands. The ITC cases have concluded with a finding of no violation by the Company and are now awaiting appeal. The cases in Canada, Germany, France, and the Netherlands have been decided against Google. In the California case, all but one of Google's patent claims have been dismissed, with no trial date set. See Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies of the notes to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. 
 While we believe that our active patents and patent applications are an important aspect of our business, we also rely heavily on the innovative skills, technical competence and marketing abilities of our personnel. 
 Human Capital 
 Sonos is dedicated to creating the ultimate listening experience for our customers, and our employees are critical to achieving this mission. In order to continue to design innovative experiences and products, and compete and succeed in our highly competitive and rapidly evolving market, it is crucial that we continue to attract and retain experienced employees. As part of these efforts, we strive to offer a competitive compensation and benefits program, foster a community where everyone feels included and empowered to do their best work, and give employees the opportunity to give back to their communities and make a social impact. 
 As of September 30, 2023, we had 1,867 full-time employees. Of our full-time employees, 1,332 were in the United States and 535 were in our international locations. Except for our employees in France and the Netherlands, none of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. 
 Compensation and Benefits Program . Our compensation program is designed to attract and reward talented individuals who possess the skills necessary to support our business objectives, assist in the achievement of our strategic goals and create long-term value for our stockholders. We provide employees with compensation packages that include base salary, annual incentive bonuses, and long-term equity awards RSUs tied to the value of our stock price. We believe that a compensation program with both short-term and long-term awards provides fair and competitive compensation and aligns employee and stockholder interests, including by incentivizing business and individual performance (pay for performance), motivating based on long-term company performance and integrating compensation with our business plans. In addition to cash and equity compensation, we also offer employees benefits such as life and health (medical, dental vision) insurance, paid time off, paid parental leave, and a 401(k) plan. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion . At Sonos, we believe that music and sound is universal and connects us as people, and we strive to build products that move everyone. To do this, we are committed to building an equitable and inclusive environment where diverse teams build more creative solutions, drive better results, innovate and bring their authentic selves to work each day. We monitor the representation of women and racially or ethnically diverse team members at different levels throughout the company and disclose the composition of our team in our annual Listen Better Report, which is our corporate social responsibility report available on the Investor Relations section of our website. 
 As an organization, we ve committed to annual diversity, equity and inclusion goals to increase representation at all levels and foster greater connection and belonging at Sonos. To accomplish these goals, we re implementing initiatives to help us reach these goals, including: 
 holding management directly accountable in creating a more diverse and inclusive environment by designating 10 of the annual cash incentive plan for management for diversity, equity and inclusion goals; 

examining our hiring practices to ensure we source the best talent from the widest available pool; 

12 
 
 Table of contents 
 intentional listening to our employee resource groups who provide critical insight into the experience of underrepresented groups at Sonos and across our industry; 

frequent review of our policies and practices to ensure an equitable experience for all; 

coupling our hiring goals with a focus on retention, employee engagement, and inclusive leadership; 

implementing mentoring and allyship programs that connect employees to key support systems across Sonos; and 

deepening our organizational acumen around allyship, unconscious bias, and equity. 

Community Involvement . We aim to enhance the communities where we live and work, and believe that this commitment helps in our efforts to attract and retain employees. We offer employees the opportunity to give back both through our Sonos Soundwaves program, which partners with leading non-profits, and our Sonos Cares program, which offers employees paid volunteer time each year. 
 Corporate Information 
 We incorporated in Delaware in August 2002 as Rincon Audio, Inc. and we changed our name to Sonos, Inc. in May 2004. We completed the initial public offering IPO of our common stock in August 2018 and our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol of SONO. Our principal executive offices are located at 614 Chapala Street, Santa Barbara, California 93101, and our telephone number is (805) 965-3001. 
 Our website address is www.sonos.com. The information on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Investors should not rely on any such information in deciding whether to purchase our common stock. 
 Sonos, the Sonos logo, Sonos One, Sonos One SL, Sonos Five, Sonos Beam, Play:1, Play:5, Playbase, Playbar, Sonos Arc, Amp, Sub, Sonos Move, Port, Boost, Ray, Sonos Ray, Sonos Roam, Sonos Voice Control, Trueplay, Sub Mini, Sonos Sub Mini, Mayht, Era 100, Era 300, and our other registered or common law trademarks, tradenames or service marks appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are our property. Solely for convenience, our trademarks, tradenames, and service marks referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K appear without the , and SM symbols, but those references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights to these trademarks, tradenames and service marks. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains additional trademarks, tradenames and service marks of other companies that are the property of their respective owners. 
 Available Information 
 We make available, free of charge through our website, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. 
 The SEC maintains an internet site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, as well as the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, and the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, before making an investment decision. The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. In such an event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe are not material may also impair our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 13 
 
 Table of contents 
 Economic, Industry and Strategic Risk 
 To remain competitive and stimulate consumer demand, we must successfully manage frequent new product introductions and transitions. 
 Due to the quickly evolving and highly competitive nature of the home audio and broader consumer electronics industry, we must frequently introduce new products, enhance existing products and effectively stimulate customer demand for new and upgraded products in both mature and developing markets. For example, in March 2023, we introduced Sonos Era 100 and Sonos Era 300, our next generation of smart speakers, in September 2023, we introduced Move 2, our next generation of our Move speaker, and in April 2023, we introduced Sonos Pro, our new audio subscription service for businesses. The successful introduction of these products and any new products depends on a number of factors, such as the timely completion of development efforts to correspond with limited windows for market introduction. We face significant challenges in managing the risks associated with new product introductions and production ramp-up issues, including accurately forecasting initial consumer demand, effectively managing any third-party strategic alliances or collaborative partnerships related to new product development or commercialization, as well as the risk that new products may have quality or other defects in the early stages of introduction or may not achieve the market acceptance necessary to generate sufficient revenue. New and upgraded products can also affect the sales and profitability of existing products. Accordingly, if we cannot properly manage the introduction of new products, our operating results and financial condition may be adversely impacted, particularly if the cadence of new product introductions increases as we expect. 
 Although we have achieved profitability in the past, we are not currently profitable, and we may not be able to regain profitability or consistent revenue growth and expect to incur increased operating costs in the future. 
 Although we achieved profitability in the fiscal year ended October 2, 2021, and were profitable in fiscal 2022, we had a net loss of 10.3 million in fiscal 2023. As of September 30, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of 12.8 million. 
 We expect our operating expenses to increase in the future as we expand our operations and execute on our product roadmap and strategy. We plan to make future expenditures related to the expansion of our business and our product offerings, including investments in: 
 research and development to continue to introduce innovative new products, enhance existing products and improve our customers listening experience; 

sales and marketing to expand our global brand awareness, promote new products, increase our customer base and expand sales within our existing customer base; and 

legal, accounting, information technology and other administrative expenses to sustain our operations as a public company. 

In order to regain or grow our profitability, we need to increase our revenue and we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so, particularly during times of global economic, social and political uncertainty. Our ability to achieve revenue growth will depend in part on our ability to execute on our product roadmap and strategy and to determine the market opportunity for new products. New product introductions may adversely impact our gross margin in the near to intermediate term due to the frequency of these product introductions and their anticipated increased share of our overall product volume. The expansion of our business and product offerings also places a continuous and significant strain on our management, operational and financial resources. In the event that we are unable to grow our revenue, or in the event that revenue grows more slowly than we expect, our operating results could be adversely affected, and our stock price could decrease. 
 If we are unable to accurately anticipate market demand for our products, we may have difficulty managing our production and inventory and our operating results could be harmed. 
 We must forecast production and inventory needs in advance with our suppliers and manufacturers, and our ability to do so accurately could be affected by many factors, including changes in customer demand and spending patterns, new product introductions, sales promotions, channel inventory levels, and general economic and political conditions. If we fail to accurately forecast consumer demand, we may experience excess inventory levels or a shortage of products available for sale, either of which could adversely impact our operating results and financial condition. 
 Following an increase in demand during the COVID-19 pandemic, we have recently seen a softening of consumer demand. As a result, we have had to, and may continue to, write-down or write-off inventory or sell the excess inventory at discounted prices, which has, and could in the future, cause our gross margin to suffer. In addition, excess inventory has, and may in the future, result in reduced working capital, which could adversely affect our ability to invest in other important areas of our business such as marketing and product development. If our channel partners have excess inventory of our products, they may decrease their purchases of our products in subsequent periods. In addition, in the event of excess inventory including excess component inventory, we may be unable to renegotiate our agreements with existing suppliers on mutually acceptable terms. Although in certain instances our agreements with certain suppliers allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs, our loss contingencies may include 
 14 
 
 Table of contents 
 liabilities for contracts that we cannot cancel, reschedule or adjust with suppliers or partners. We may also deem it necessary or advisable to renegotiate agreements with our supply partners in order to scale our inventory with demand. 
 A resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic could adversely impact our business and it remains uncertain how the post-COVID environment will impact demand for our products. 
 During the pandemic, consistent with its effects industry-wide, we experienced supply chain disruptions and challenges that increased costs and impacted our ability to meet demand and manage inventory levels. The pandemic has also contributed to ongoing global economic uncertainty. Any resurgence of the pandemic could have similar impacts on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 In addition, we experienced increased demand for our products during the COVID-19 pandemic and have recently seen a softening of consumer demand and a shift in consumer spending from purchasing goods to purchasing services and travel . It remains uncertain the extent to which the post-pandemic environment will impact demand for our products and services or shift consumer spending habits generally over the longer term. 
 Global economic conditions and any associated impact on consumer discretionary spending could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Continued global economic uncertainty and reductions in consumer discretionary spending and consumer confidence may impact the sales of our products and services. Factors affecting the level of consumer spending for our products and services include general economic conditions, including the potential for an extended global recession, continued inflationary pressures, rising interest rates and, in certain markets, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. As global economic conditions continue to be volatile or economic uncertainty remains, trends in consumer discretionary spending also remain unpredictable. Unfavorable economic conditions may lead consumers to delay or reduce purchases of our products and services and consumer demand for our products and services may not grow as we expect. Any reduction in sales of our products and services resulting from reductions in consumer discretionary spending could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 The home audio and consumer electronics industries are highly competitive. 
 The markets in which we operate are extremely competitive and rapidly evolving, and we expect that competition will intensify in the future. Our competition includes established, well-known sellers of speakers and sound systems such as Bose, Samsung (and its subsidiaries Harman International and JBL), Sony, Bang Olufsen, and Masimo (and its subsidiary Sound United that owns, among others, the Denon, Polk Audio and Bowers and Wilkens brands), and developers of voice-enabled speakers and systems such as Amazon, Apple and Google. We could also face competition from new market entrants, some of whom might be current partners of ours. 
 In order to deliver products that appeal to changing and increasingly diverse consumer preferences and to overcome the fact that a relatively high percentage of consumers may already own or use products that they perceive to be similar to those that we offer, we must develop superior technology, anticipate increasingly diverse consumer tastes and rapidly develop attractive products with competitive selling prices. In addition, many of our current and potential partners have business objectives that may drive them to sell their speaker products at a significant discount compared to ours. Amazon and Google, for example, both currently offer their speaker products at significantly lower prices than our speaker products. Many of these partners may subsidize these prices and seek to monetize their customers through the sale of additional services rather than the speakers themselves. Even if we are able to efficiently develop and offer innovative products at competitive selling prices, our operating results and financial condition may be adversely impacted if we are unable to effectively anticipate and counter the ongoing price erosion that frequently affects consumer products or if the average selling prices of our products decrease faster than we are able to reduce our manufacturing costs. 
 Many of our competitors have greater financial, technical and marketing resources available to them than those available to us, and, as a result, they may develop competing products that cause the demand for our products to decline. Our competitors have established, or may establish, cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties to increase the abilities of their products to address the needs of our prospective customers, and other companies may enter our markets by entering into strategic relationships with our competitors. A failure to effectively anticipate and respond to these established and new competitors may adversely impact our business and operating results. 
 Further, our current and prospective competitors may consolidate with each other or acquire companies that will allow them to develop products that better compete with our products, which would intensify the competition that we face and may also disrupt or lead to termination of our distribution, technology and content partnerships. For example, if one of our competitors were to acquire one of our content partners, the consolidated company may decide to disable the streaming functionality of its service with our products. 
 If we are unable to compete with these consolidated companies or if consolidation in the market disrupts our partnerships or reduces the number of companies we partner with, our business would be adversely affected. 
 Our investments in research and development may not yield the results expected. 
 15 
 
 Table of contents 
 Our business operates in intensely competitive markets characterized by changing consumer preferences and rapid technological innovation. Due to advanced technological innovation and the relative ease of technology imitation, new products tend to become standardized more rapidly, leading to more intense competition and ongoing price erosion. In order to strengthen the competitiveness of our products in this environment, we continue to invest heavily in research and development. However, these investments may not yield the innovation or the results expected on a timely basis, or our competitors may surpass us in technological innovation, hindering our ability to timely commercialize new and competitive products that meet the needs and demands of the market, which consequently may adversely impact our operating results as well as our reputation. 
 If we are not successful in continuing to expand our direct-to-consumer sales channel by driving consumer traffic and consumer purchases through our website, our business and results of operations could be harmed. 
 We have invested significant resources in our direct-to-consumer sales channel, primarily through our website, and our future growth relies, in part, on our continued ability to attract consumers to this channel, which has and will continue to require significant expenditures in marketing, software development and infrastructure. If we are unable to continue to drive traffic to, and increase sales through, our website, our business and results of operations could be harmed. The continued success of direct-to-consumer sales through our website is subject to risks associated with e-commerce, many of which are outside of our control. Our inability to adequately respond to these risks and uncertainties or to successfully maintain and expand our direct-to-consumer business via our website may have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 Our efforts to expand beyond our core product offerings and offer products with wider applications may not succeed and could adversely impact our business 
 We have, and may in the future continue to, seek to expand beyond our core sound systems and develop products that have wider applications outside of home sound, such as commercial or office. For example, in April 2023, we introduced Sonos Pro, our new audio subscription service for businesses. Developing these products would require us to devote substantial additional resources, and our ability to succeed in developing such products to address such markets is unproven. It is likely that we would need to hire additional personnel, partner with new third parties and incur considerable research and development expenses to pursue such an expansion successfully. We may have less familiarity with consumer preferences for these products and less product or category knowledge, and we could encounter difficulties in attracting new customers due to lower levels of consumer familiarity with our brand. As a result, we may not be successful in future efforts to achieve profitability from new markets, services or new types of products, and our ability to generate revenue from our existing products may suffer. If any such expansion does not enhance our ability to maintain or grow our revenue or recover any associated development costs, our operating results could be adversely affected. 
 We experience seasonal demand for our products, and if our sales in high-demand periods are below our forecasts, our overall financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Given the seasonal nature of our sales, accurate forecasting is critical to our business. Our fiscal year ends on the Saturday closest to September 30; the holiday shopping season occurs in the first quarter of our fiscal year, and the typically slower summer months occur in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year. Historically, our revenue has been significantly higher in our first fiscal quarter due to increased consumer spending patterns during the holiday season. Any shortfalls in expected first fiscal quarter revenue, due to macroeconomic conditions like the potential for an extended global recession, product release patterns, a decline in the effectiveness of our promotional activities, supply chain disruptions, inflationary pressures or for any other reason, could cause our annual operating results to suffer significantly. In addition, if we fail to accurately forecast customer demand for the holiday season, we may experience excess inventory levels or a shortage of products available for sale, which could further harm our financial condition and operating results. 
 The success of our business depends in part on the continued growth of the voice-enabled speaker market and our ability to establish and maintain market share. 
 We have increasingly focused our product roadmap on voice-enabled speakers. We introduced our first voice-enabled speaker in 2017 and since then have introduced a total of eight voice-enabled speakers, as well as Sonos Voice Control, our proprietary voice assistant. If the voice-enabled speaker markets do not continue to grow or grow in unpredictable ways, our revenue may fall short of expectations and our operating results may be harmed, particularly since we incur substantial costs to introduce new products in advance of anticipated sales. Additionally, even if the market for voice-enabled speakers does continue to grow, we may not be successful in developing and selling speakers that appeal to consumers or gain sufficient market acceptance. To succeed in this market, we will need to design, produce and sell innovative and compelling products and partner with other businesses that enable us to capitalize on new 
 16 
 
 Table of contents 
 technologies, some of which have developed or may develop and sell voice-enabled speaker products of their own as further described herein. 
 If market demand for streaming music does not grow as anticipated or the availability and quality of streaming services does not continue to increase, our business could be adversely affected. 
 A large proportion of our customer base uses our products to listen to content via subscription-based streaming music services. Accordingly, we believe our future revenue growth will depend in significant part on the continued expansion of the market for streaming music. The success of the streaming music market depends on the quality, reliability and adoption of streaming technology and on the continued success of streaming music services such as Apple Music, Spotify, Deezer, and Pandora. If the streaming music market in general fails to expand or if the streaming services that we partner with are not successful, demand for our products may suffer and our operating results may be adversely affected. 
 If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished, and our business may be adversely affected. 
 We rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of confidentiality and license agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties with whom we have relationships, as well as patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection laws, to protect our proprietary rights. In the United States and certain other countries, we have filed various applications for certain aspects of our intellectual property, most notably patents. However, third parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe our proprietary rights or challenge our proprietary rights, pending and future patent and trademark applications may not be approved, and we may not be able to prevent infringement without incurring substantial expense. Such infringement could have a material adverse effect on our brand, business, financial condition and results of operations. We have initiated legal proceedings to protect our intellectual property rights, and we may file additional actions in the future. For example, in January 2020 we filed a complaint with the ITC against Alphabet and Google and a counterpart lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California against Google alleging infringement of five Sonos patents, and in September 2020 we filed another lawsuit against Google alleging infringement of an additional four Sonos patents. See Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies of the notes to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. The cost of defending our intellectual property has been and may in the future be substantial, and there is no assurance we will be successful. Our business could be adversely affected as a result of any such actions, or a finding that any patents-in-suit are invalid or unenforceable. These actions have led and may in the future lead to additional counterclaims or actions against us, which are expensive to defend against and for which there can be no assurance of a favorable outcome. For example, Google has responded to our legal proceedings by filing multiple patent infringement lawsuits against us in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, cases against us in the ITC, and patent infringement lawsuits against us and our subsidiary Sonos Europe B.V. in various foreign jurisdictions. See Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies of the notes to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. Further, parties we bring legal action against could retaliate through non-litigious means, which could harm our ability to compete against such parties or to enter new markets. 
 In addition, the regulations of certain foreign countries do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. As our brand grows, we may discover unauthorized products in the marketplace that are counterfeit reproductions of our products. If we are unsuccessful in pursuing producers or sellers of counterfeit products, continued sales of these products could adversely impact our brand, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We currently are, and may continue to be, subject to intellectual property rights claims and other litigation which are expensive to support, and if resolved adversely, could have a significant impact on us and our stockholders. 
 Companies in the consumer electronics industries own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, domain names and trade secrets, and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation or other violations of intellectual property or other rights. As we gain an increasingly high profile and face more intense competition in our markets, and as we introduce more products and services, including through acquisitions and through partners, the possibility of intellectual property rights claims against us grows. Our technologies may not be able to withstand any third-party claims or rights against their use, and we may be subject to litigation and disputes. The costs of supporting such litigation and disputes are considerable, and there can be no assurance that a favorable outcome would be obtained. We may be required to settle such litigation and disputes, or we may be subject to an unfavorable judgment in a trial, and the terms of a settlement or judgment against us may be unfavorable and require us to cease some or all our operations, limit our ability to use certain technologies, pay substantial amounts to the other party or issue additional shares of our capital stock to the other party, which would dilute our existing stockholders. Further, if we are found to have engaged in practices that are in violation of a third party s rights, we may have to negotiate a license to continue such practices, which may not be available on reasonable or favorable terms, or may have to develop alternative, non-infringing technology or discontinue the practices altogether. In the event that these practices relate to an acquisition or a partner, we may not be successful in exercising any indemnification rights available to us under our agreements or in recovering damages in the event that we are successful. Each of these efforts could require significant effort and expense and ultimately may not be successful. 
 17 
 
 Table of contents 
 If we are not able to maintain and enhance the value and reputation of our brand, or if our reputation is otherwise harmed, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Our continued success depends on our reputation for providing high-quality products and consumer experiences, and the Sonos name is critical to preserving and expanding our business. Our brand and reputation are dependent on a number of factors, including our marketing efforts, product quality, and trademark protection efforts, each of which requires significant expenditures. 
 The value of our brand could also be severely damaged by isolated incidents, which may be outside of our control. For example, in the United States, we rely on custom installers of home audio systems for a significant portion of our sales but maintain no control over the quality of their work and thus could suffer damage to our brand or business to the extent such installations are unsatisfactory or defective. Any damage to our brand or reputation may adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Conflicts with our channel and distribution partners could harm our business and operating results. 
 Several of our existing products compete, and products that we may offer in the future could compete, with the product offerings of some of our significant channel and distribution partners who have greater financial and technical resources than we do. To the extent products offered by our partners compete with our products, they may choose to market and promote their own products over ours or could end our partnerships and cease selling or promoting our products entirely. Any reduction in our ability to place and promote our products, or increased competition for available shelf or website placement, especially during peak retail periods, such as the holiday shopping season, would require us to increase our marketing expenditures and to seek other distribution channels to promote our products. If we are unable to effectively sell our products due to conflicts with our distribution partners or the inability to find alternative distribution channels, our business would be harmed. 
 The expansion of our direct-to-consumer channel could alienate some of our channel partners and cause a reduction in product sales from these partners. Channel partners may perceive themselves to be at a disadvantage based on the direct-to-consumer sales offered through our website. Due to these and other factors, conflicts in our sales channels could arise and cause channel partners to divert resources away from the promotion and sale of our products. Further, to the extent we use our mobile app to increase traffic to our website and increase direct-to-consumer sales, we will rely on application marketplaces such as the Apple App Store and Google Play to drive downloads of our mobile app. Apple and Google, both of which sell products that compete with ours, may choose to use their marketplaces to promote their competing products over our products or may make access to our mobile app more difficult. Any of these situations could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 Competition with our technology partners could harm our business and operating results. 
 We are dependent on a number of technology partners for the development of our products, some of which have developed or may develop and sell products that compete with our products. These technology partners may cease doing business with us or disable the technology they provide our products for a variety of reasons, including to promote their products over our own. For example, we are currently manufacturing and developing voice-enabled speaker systems that are enhanced with the technology of our partners, including those who sell competing products. Our existing voice-enabled speakers are powered by Amazon s Alexa or Google s Google Assistant technology. One or more of our partners could disable their integration on one or all of our voice-enabled products, terminate or not renew their distribution agreement with us, or begin charging us for their integration with our voice-enabled products. For example, our current agreement with Amazon allows Amazon to disable the Alexa integration in our voice-enabled products with limited notice. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in establishing partnerships with other companies that have developed voice-control enablement technology or in developing such technology on our own. 
 If one or more of our technology partners do not maintain their integration with our products or seek to charge us for this integration, or if we have not developed alternative partnerships for similar technology or developed such technology on our own, our sales may decline, our reputation may be harmed and our business and operating results may suffer. 
 Competition with our content partners could cause these partners to cease to allow their content to be streamed on our products, which could lower product demand. 
 Demand for our products depends in large part on the availability of streaming third-party content that appeals to our existing and prospective customers. Compatibility with streaming music services, podcast platforms and other content provided by our content partners is a key feature of our products. To date, all our arrangements have been entered into on a royalty-free basis. Some of these content partners compete with us already, and others may in the future produce and sell speakers along with their streaming services. Additionally, other content partners may form stronger alliances with our competitors in the home audio market. Any of our content partners may cease to allow their content to be streamed on our products for a variety of reasons, including as a result of our offering competing services, to promote other partnerships or their products over our products, or to seek to charge us for this streaming. If this were to happen, demand for our products could decrease, our costs could increase and our operating results could be harmed. 
 18 
 
 Table of contents 
 Operational Risks 
 We are dependent on a limited number of contract manufacturers to manufacture our products and our efforts to diversify manufacturers may not be successful. 
 We depend on a limited number of contract manufacturers to manufacture our products, with our key manufacturer, Inventec Appliances Corporation, manufacturing a majority of our products. We have also historically manufactured our products in China. In fiscal 2020, we began our efforts to diversify our supply chain through the addition of new contract manufacturers and geographic diversification, starting with Malaysia and extending such efforts into Vietnam in fiscal 2022. During fiscal 2023, we began the process of exiting certain partnerships with two of our contract manufacturers, including our second-largest contract manufacturer, and may exit other partnerships with contract manufacturers from time to time. Our reliance on a limited number of contract manufacturers increases the risk that, in the event that any or all of such manufacturers experience an interruption in their operations, fail to perform their obligation in a timely manner or terminate agreements with us, we would not be able to maintain our production capacity without incurring material additional costs and substantial delays or we may be fully prevented from selling our products. Any material disruption in our relationship with our manufacturers would harm our ability to compete effectively and satisfy demand for our products and could adversely impact our revenue, gross margin and operating results. 
 In addition, there is no guarantee that our efforts to diversify manufacturers will be successful. Identifying and onboarding a new manufacturer takes a significant amount of time and resources. If we do not successfully coordinate the timely manufacturing and distribution of our products by such manufacturers, if such manufacturers are unable to successfully and timely process our orders or if we do not receive timely and accurate information from such manufacturers, we may have an insufficient supply of products to meet customer demand, we may lose sales, we may experience a build-up in inventory, we may incur additional costs, and our financial performance and reporting may be adversely affected. By adding manufacturers in other countries, we may experience increased transportation costs, fuel costs, labor unrest, impact of natural disasters and other adverse effects on our ability, timing and cost of delivering products, which may increase our inventory, decrease our margins, adversely affect our relationships with distributors and other customers and otherwise adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 We depend on a limited number of third-party components suppliers and logistics providers, and many of our components have long lead times, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected by shortages, disruptions and related challenges. 
 We are dependent on a limited number of suppliers for various key components used in our products, and we may from time to time have sole source suppliers. The cost, quality and availability of these components are essential to the successful production and sale of our products. We are subject to the risk of industry-wide shortages, price fluctuations and long lead times in the supply of these components and other materials. If the supply of these components is delayed or constrained, or if one or more of our main suppliers were to go out of business, alternative sources or suppliers may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. In the event that any of our suppliers were to discontinue production of our key product components, developing alternate sources of supply for these components would be time consuming, difficult and costly. In the event we are unable to obtain components in sufficient quantities on a timely basis and on commercially reasonable terms, our ability to sell our products in order to meet market demand would be affected and could materially and adversely affect our brand, image, business prospects and operating results. 
 In addition, the longer lead time for many of our components presents challenges in our efforts to manage component inventory, as we procure such components based on our then current forecast of demand for our products. For example, during the pandemic we increased our investments in, and purchase commitments for, components with longer lead times where possible to secure inventory in anticipation of shortages and strong demand, and we may need to do so again in the future. In the event that actual demand for our products differs from our forecast, we may end up with an excess inventory of components, as we saw in fiscal 2023, negatively impacting our working capital. 
 We also use a small number of logistics providers for substantially all our product delivery to both distributors and retailers. If one of these providers were to experience financial difficulties or disruptions in its business, or be subject to closures or other disruptions, our own operations could be adversely affected. Because substantially all of our products are distributed from and into a small number of locations and by a small number of companies, we are susceptible to both isolated and system-wide interruptions caused by events out of our control. Any disruption to the operations of our distribution facilities could delay product delivery, harm our reputation among our customers and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 We have limited control over the third-party suppliers and logistics providers on which our business depends. If any of these parties fails to perform its obligations to us, we may be unable to deliver our products to customers in a timely manner. Further, we do not have long-term contracts with all of these parties, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to renew our contracts with them on favorable terms or at all. We may be unable to replace an existing supplier or logistics provider or supplement a provider in the event we experience significantly increased demand. Accordingly, a loss or interruption in the service of any key party could adversely impact our revenue, gross margin and operating results. 
 19 
 
 Table of contents 
 We sell our products through a limited number of key channel partners, and the loss of any such channel partner would adversely impact our business. 
 We are dependent on our channel partners for a vast majority of our product sales. Best Buy, one of our key channel partners, accounted for 17 of our revenue in fiscal 2023. We compete with other consumer products for placement and promotion of our products in the stores of our channel partners, including in some cases products of our channel partners. Our contracts with our channel partners allow them to exercise significant discretion in the placement and promotion of our products, and such contracts do not contain any long-term volume commitments. If one or several of our channel partners do not effectively market and sell our products, discontinue or reduce the inventory of our products, increase the promotions of or choose to promote competing products over ours, the volume of our products sold to customers could decrease, and our business and results of operations would therefore be significantly harmed. Many of our key channel partners temporarily closed or reduced operations in their retail stores at various times during the pandemic and may continue to do so in the future, which has had, and may continue to have, a material effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Revenue from our channel partners also depends on a number of factors outside our control and may vary from period to period. One or more of our channel partners may experience serious financial difficulty, particularly in light of the impact of the pandemic on the retail sector, may consolidate with other channel partners or may have limited or ceased operations. Our business and results of operations have been, and may continue to be, significantly harmed by retail store closures by many of our key channel partners. Loss of a key channel partner would require us to identify alternative channel partners or increase our reliance on our direct-to-consumer channel, which may be time-consuming and expensive or we may be unsuccessful in our efforts to do so. 
 We have and may in the future discontinue support for older versions of our products, resulting in customer dissatisfaction that could negatively affect our business and operating results. 
 We have historically maintained, and we believe our customers may expect, extensive backward compatibility for our older products and the software that supports them, allowing older products to continue to benefit from new software updates. We expect that as we continue to improve and enhance our software platform, this backward compatibility will no longer be practical or cost-effective, and we may decrease or discontinue service for our older products. For example, certain of our legacy products continue to work but no longer receive software updates (other than bug fixes and patches). To the extent we no longer provide extensive backward capability for our products, we may damage our relationship with our existing customers, as well as our reputation, brand loyalty and ability to attract new customers. 
 For these reasons, any decision to decrease or discontinue backward capability may decrease sales, generate legal claims and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Product quality issues and a higher-than-expected number of warranty claims or returns could harm our business and operating results. 
 The products that we sell could contain defects in design or manufacture. Defects could also occur in the products or components that are supplied to us. There can be no assurance we will be able to detect and remedy all defects in the hardware and software we sell, which could result in product recalls, product redesign efforts, loss of revenue, reputational damage and significant warranty and other remediation expenses. Similar to other consumer electronics, our products have a risk of overheating and fire in the course of usage or upon malfunction. Any such defect could result in harm to property or in personal injury. If we determine that a product does not meet product quality standards or may contain a defect, the launch of such product could be delayed until we remedy the quality issue or defect. The costs associated with any protracted delay necessary to remedy a quality issue or defect in a new product could be substantial. 
 We generally provide a one-year warranty on all our products, except in the European Union EU and select other countries where we provide a minimum two-year warranty, depending on the region, on all our products. The occurrence of any material defects in our products could expose us to liability for warranty claims in excess of our current reserves, and we could incur significant costs to correct any defects, warranty claims or other problems. In addition, our failure to comply with past, present and future laws regulating extended warranties and accidental damage coverage could result in reduced sales of our products, reputational damage, penalties and other sanctions, which could harm our business and financial condition. 
 Our international operations are subject to increased business and economic risks that could impact our financial results. 
 We have operations outside the United States, and we expect to continue to expand our international presence, especially in Asia. In fiscal 2023, 41.3 of our revenue was generated outside the United States. This subjects us to a variety of risks inherent in doing business internationally, including: 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates and costs of imposing currency exchange controls; 

political, social and/or economic instability; 

tariffs, trade barriers and duties; 

protectionist laws and business practices that favor local businesses in some countries; 

20 
 
 Table of contents 
 higher levels of credit risk and payment fraud and longer payment cycles associated with, and increased difficulty of payment collections from certain international customers; 

burdens and risks of complying with a number and variety of foreign laws and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; 

laws and regulations may change from time to time unexpectedly and may be unpredictably enforced; 

potential negative consequences from changes in or interpretations of U.S. and foreign tax laws; 

the cost of developing connected products for countries where Wi-Fi technology has been passed over in favor of more advanced cellular data networks; 

reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; 

difficulties and associated costs in managing and staffing multiple international locations; and 

delays from customs brokers or government agencies. 

If we are unable to manage the complexity of our global operations successfully, or if the risks above become substantial for us, our financial performance and operating results could suffer. Further, any measures that we may implement to reduce risks of our international operations may not be effective, may increase our expenses and may require significant management time and effort. Entry into new international markets requires considerable management time and financial resources related to market, personnel and facilities development before any significant revenue is generated. As a result, initial operations in a new market may operate at low margins or may be unprofitable. 
 We have significant operations in China, where many of the risks listed above are particularly acute. China experiences high turnover of direct labor due to the intensely competitive and fluid market for labor, and if our labor turnover rates are higher than we expect in that region, or we otherwise fail to adequately manage our labor needs, then our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We will need to improve our financial and operational systems to manage our growth effectively and support our increasingly complex business arrangements, and an inability to do so could harm our business and results of operations. 
 To manage our growth and our increasingly complex business operations, especially as we move into new markets internationally, we will need to upgrade our operational and financial systems and procedures, which requires management time and may result in significant additional expense. For example, we replaced our legacy enterprise resource planning ERP system in fiscal 2022 in order to accommodate our expanding operations. We cannot be certain that we will institute, in a timely or efficient manner or at all, the improvements to our managerial, operational and financial systems and procedures necessary to support our anticipated increased levels of operations. Problems associated with, or disruptions resulting from, any improvement or expansion of our operational and financial systems could adversely affect our relationships with our suppliers, manufacturers, resellers and customers, inhibit our ability to expand or take advantage of market opportunities, cause harm to our reputation, result in errors in our financial and other reporting, and affect our ability to maintain an effective internal control environment and meet our external reporting obligations, any of which could harm our business and operating results and affect our stock price. 
 A significant disruption in our websites, servers or information technology systems, or those of our third-party partners, could impair our customers listening experience or otherwise adversely affect our customers, damage our reputation or harm our business. 
 As a consumer electronics company, our website and mobile app are important presentations of our business, identity and brand and an important means of interacting with, and providing information to, consumers of our products. We depend on our servers and centralized information technology systems, and those of third parties, for product functionality, to manage operations and to store critical information and intellectual property. Accordingly, we allocate significant resources to maintaining our information technology systems and deploying network security, data encryption, training and other measures to protect against unauthorized access or misuse. Nevertheless, our website and information technology systems, and those of the third parties we rely on, are susceptible to damage, viruses, disruptions or shutdowns due to foreseeable and unforeseeable events. System failures and disruptions could impede the manufacturing and shipping of products, functionality of our products, transactions processing and financial reporting, and result in the loss of intellectual property or data, require substantial repair costs and damage our reputation, competitive position, financial condition and results of operations. 
 For example, we use Amazon Web Services AWS to maintain the interconnectivity of our mobile app to our servers and those of the streaming services that our customers access to enjoy our products. Because AWS runs its own platform that we access, we are vulnerable to both system-wide and Sonos-specific service outages at AWS. Our access to AWS infrastructure could be limited by a number of potential causes, including technical failures, natural disasters, fraud or security attacks that we cannot predict or prevent. 
 21 
 
 Table of contents 
 Additionally, our products may contain flaws that make them susceptible to unauthorized access or use. For example, we previously discovered a vulnerability in our products that could be exploited when a customer visited a website with malicious content, allowing the customer s local network to be accessed by third parties who could then gain unauthorized access to the customer s playlists and other data and limited control of the customer s devices. While we devote significant resources to address and eliminate flaws and other vulnerabilities in our products, there can be no assurance that our products will not be compromised in the future. Any such flaws or vulnerabilities, whether actual or merely potential, could harm our reputation, competitive position, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Any cybersecurity breaches or our actual or perceived failure to comply with such legal obligations by us, or by our third-party service providers or partners, could harm our business. 
 We collect, store, process and use our customers personally identifiable information and other data, and we rely on third parties that are not directly under our control to do so as well. While we take measures intended to protect the security, integrity and confidentiality of the personal information and other sensitive information we collect, store or transmit, we cannot guarantee that inadvertent or unauthorized use or disclosure will not occur, or that third parties will not gain unauthorized access to this information. There have been a number of recent reported incidents where third parties have used software to access the personal data of their partners customers for marketing and other purposes. 
 If we or our third-party service providers were to experience a breach, disruption or failure of systems compromising our customers data, or if one of our third-party service providers or partners were to access our customers personal data without our authorization, our brand and reputation could be adversely affected, use of our products could decrease and we could be exposed to a risk of loss, litigation and regulatory proceedings. In addition, a breach could require expending significant additional resources related to the security of information systems and disrupt our operations. 
 The use of data by our business and our business associates is highly regulated in all our operating countries. Privacy and information security laws and regulations change, and compliance with them may result in cost increases due to, among other things, systems changes and the development of new processes. If we or those with whom we share information fail to comply with laws and regulations, such as the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR and California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), our reputation could be damaged, possibly resulting in lost business, and we could be subjected to additional legal risk or financial losses as a result of non-compliance. Complying with such laws may also require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and incur substantial expenditures. 
 Changes in how network operators manage data that travels across their networks or in net neutrality rules could harm our business. 
 We rely upon the ability of consumers to access our service through the internet. If network operators block, restrict or otherwise impair access to our service over their networks, our service and business could be negatively affected. To the extent that network operators implement usage-based pricing, including meaningful bandwidth caps, or otherwise try to monetize access to their networks by data providers, we could incur greater operating expenses. Furthermore, to the extent network operators create tiers of internet access service and either charge us for or prohibit us from being available through these tiers, our business could be negatively impacted. 
 Further, in the past, internet service providers ISPs have attempted to implement usage-based pricing, bandwidth caps and traffic shaping or throttling. To the extent network operators create tiers of internet access service and charge our customers in direct relation to their consumption of audio content, our ability to attract and retain customers could be impaired, which would harm our business. Net neutrality rules, which were designed to ensure that all online content is treated the same by ISPs and other companies that provide broadband services, were repealed by the Federal Communications Commission FCC effective June 2018. Although the FCC has preempted state jurisdiction over net neutrality, some states have taken executive action directed at reinstating aspects of the FCC s 2015 order. Further, while many countries, including across the EU, have implemented net neutrality rules, in others, the laws may be nascent or non-existent. The absence or repeal of the net neutrality rules could force us to incur greater operating expenses, cause our streaming partners to seek to shift costs to us or result in a decrease in the streaming-based usage of our platform by our customers, any of which would harm our results of operations. In addition, given uncertainty around these rules, including changing interpretations, amendments or repeal, coupled with potentially significant political and economic power of local network operators, we could experience discriminatory or anti-competitive practices that could impede our growth, cause us to incur additional expense or otherwise negatively affect our business. 
 Our use of open source software could negatively affect our ability to sell our products and subject us to possible litigation. 
 We incorporate open source software into our products, and we may continue to incorporate open source software into our products in the future. Open source software is generally licensed by its authors or other third parties under open source licenses. Some of these licenses contain requirements that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon the open source software and that we license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of a particular open source license or other license granting third parties certain rights of further use. Additionally, if a third-party software provider has incorporated open source software into software that we license from such provider, we could be required to disclose any of our source code that incorporates or 
 22 
 
 Table of contents 
 is a modification of our licensed software. If an author or other third party that distributes open source software that we use or license were to allege that we had not complied with the conditions of the applicable license, we could be required to incur significant legal expenses defending against those allegations and could be subject to significant damages, enjoined from offering or selling our products that contained the open source software and required to comply with the above conditions. Any of the foregoing could disrupt and harm our business and financial condition. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 Changes in international trade policies, including the imposition of tariffs have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Under the previous administration, the U.S. government has imposed significant new tariffs on China related to the importation of certain product categories, including those under the August 2019 Section 301 Tariff Action (List 4A) Section 301 tariffs ). These Section 301 tariffs have increased our cost of revenue and adversely impacted our results of operations. We were able to obtain an exemption from the Section 301 tariffs for certain of our products, including our core speaker products, for certain periods since fiscal 2020. In particular, on December 16, 2022, the USTR granted an extension through September 30, 2023, of the exclusion for our core speaker products. To date, we have been able to obtain certain refunds on tariffs paid through the fiscal 2022 exemption periods and are in the process of obtaining the minimal remaining refunds processed for such periods. 
 In the event that future tariffs are imposed on imports of our products, we are not successful in any future exemption requests, the amounts of existing tariffs are increased, our efforts to diversify our supply chain outside of China are delayed or otherwise not successful, or China or other countries take retaliatory trade measures in response to existing or future tariffs, our business may be impacted and we may be required to raise prices or make changes to our operations, any of which could materially harm our revenue or operating results. In response to future new tariffs, we may intensify our efforts to diversify outside of China, resulting in significant costs and disruption to our operations as we would need to pursue the time-consuming processes of recreating new supply chains, identifying substitute components and establishing new manufacturing locations. 
 We must comply with extensive regulatory requirements, and the cost of such compliance, and any failure to comply, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In our current business and as we expand into new markets and product categories, we must comply with a wide variety of laws, regulations, standards and other requirements governing, among other things, electrical safety, wireless emissions, health and safety, e-commerce, consumer protection, export and import requirements, hazardous materials usage, product related energy consumption, packaging, recycling and environmental matters. Compliance with these laws, regulations, standards and other requirements may be onerous and expensive, and they may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction or change from time to time, further increasing the cost of compliance and doing business. Our products may require regulatory approvals or satisfaction of other regulatory concerns in the various jurisdictions in which they are manufactured, sold or both. These requirements create procurement and design challenges that require us to incur additional costs identifying suppliers and manufacturers who can obtain and produce compliant materials, parts and products. Failure to comply with such requirements can subject us to liability, additional costs and reputational harm and, in extreme cases, force us to recall products or prevent us from selling our products in certain jurisdictions. 
 We may incur costs in complying with changing tax laws in the United States and abroad, which could adversely impact our cash flow, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are a U.S.-based company subject to taxes in multiple U.S. and foreign tax jurisdictions. Our profits, cash flow and effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in the tax rules and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we do business, unanticipated changes in statutory tax rates and changes to our global mix of earnings. As we expand our operations, any changes in the U.S. or foreign taxation of such operations may increase our worldwide effective tax rate. 
 We are also subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service IRS and other tax authorities, including state revenue agencies and foreign governments. If any tax authority disagrees with any position we have taken, our tax liabilities and operating results may be adversely affected. While we regularly assess the likelihood of favorable or unfavorable outcomes resulting from examinations by the IRS and other tax authorities to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes, there can be no assurance that the actual outcome resulting from these examinations will not materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the distribution of our products subjects us to numerous complex and often-changing customs regulations. Failure to comply with these systems and regulations could result in the assessment of additional taxes, duties, interest and penalties. There is no assurance that tax and customs authorities agree with our reporting positions and upon audit may assess us additional taxes, duties, interest and penalties. If this occurs and we cannot successfully defend our position, our profitability will be reduced. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 For the year ended September 30, 2023, we utilized 84.9 million U.S. federal net operating loss and have no U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards remaining. As of September 30, 2023, we had gross state net operating loss carryforwards of 25.4 million, which expire beginning in 2032, as well as 46.9 million in foreign net operating loss carryforwards with an indefinite life. As of 
 23 
 
 Table of contents 
 September 30, 2023, we also had U.S. federal research and development tax credit carryforwards as filed of 54.4 million, and state research and development tax credit carryforwards as filed of 47.0 million, which will expire beginning in 2038 and 2025, respectively. Because of the change of ownership provisions of Sections 382 and 383 of the Code, use of a portion of the Company's domestic net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards may be limited in future periods depending upon future changes in ownership. Further, a portion of the carryforwards may expire before being applied to reduce future income tax liabilities if sufficient taxable income is not generated in future periods. 
 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 The stock price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance. 
 The stock price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile. The stock price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors in addition to the ones described in the preceding Risk Factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 
 overall performance of the equity markets and the economy as a whole; 

changes in the financial projections we or third parties may provide to the public or our failure to meet these projections; 

actual or anticipated changes in our growth rate relative to that of our competitors; 

announcements of new products, or of acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital-raising activities or commitments, by us or by our competitors; 

additions or departures of key personnel; 

failure of securities analysts to maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow our company or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 

rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry; 

sales of shares of our common stock by us or our stockholders particularly sales by our directors, executive officers and significant stockholders, or the perception that these sales could occur; and 

additional stock issuances that result in significant dilution to shareholders. 

In addition, the stock market with respect to companies in the technology industry has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the stock prices of these companies. In the past, stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business and adversely affect our business. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that we will retain all our future earnings for use in the development of our business and for general corporate purposes. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of the Board. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investments. In addition, the terms of our credit facilities contain restrictions on our ability to declare and pay cash dividends on our capital stock. 
 Certain provisions in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law may prevent or hinder attempts by our stockholders to change our management or to acquire a controlling interest in us. 
 There are provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws that may make it difficult for a third party to acquire, or attempt to acquire, control of our company, even if a change in control were considered favorable by our stockholders. These anti-takeover provisions include: 
 a classified Board so that not all members of the Board are elected at one time; 

the ability of the Board to determine the number of directors and fill any vacancies and newly created directorships; 

a requirement that our directors may only be removed for cause; 

a prohibition on cumulative voting for directors; 

24 
 
 Table of contents 
 the requirement of a super-majority to amend some provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws; 

authorization of the issuance of blank check preferred stock that the Board could use to implement a stockholder rights plan; 

an inability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; and 

a prohibition on stockholder actions by written consent, thereby requiring that all stockholder actions be taken at a meeting of our stockholders. 

In addition, our restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Delaware Court of Chancery is the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), our restated certificate of incorporation or our restated bylaws; or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Our restated certificate of incorporation also provides that the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 Further, Section 203 of the DGCL may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company. Section 203 imposes certain restrictions on mergers, business combinations, and other transactions between us and holders of 15 or more of our common stock. 
 General Risk Factors 
 The loss of one or more of our key personnel, or our failure to attract, assimilate and retain other highly qualified personnel in the future, could harm our business. 
 We depend on the continued services and performance of our key personnel. The loss of key personnel, including key members of management as well as our product development, marketing, sales and technology personnel, could disrupt our operations and have an adverse effect on our ability to grow our business. In addition, the loss of key personnel in our finance and accounting departments could harm our internal controls, financial reporting capability and capacity to forecast and plan for future growth. Further, the market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive. If we do not succeed in attracting, hiring and then integrating high-quality personnel or in retaining and motivating existing personnel, we may be unable to grow effectively, and our financial condition may be harmed. 
 Natural disasters, geopolitical unrest, war, terrorism, pandemics, public health issues or other catastrophic events could disrupt the supply, delivery or demand of products, which could negatively affect our operations and performance. 
 We are subject to the risk of disruption by earthquakes, floods and other natural disasters, fire, power shortages, geopolitical unrest, war, terrorist attacks and other hostile acts, public health issues, epidemics or pandemics, including COVID-19, and other events beyond our control and the control of the third parties on which we depend. Any of these catastrophic events, whether in the United States or abroad, may have a strong negative impact on the global economy, us, our contract manufacturers, our suppliers or customers, and could decrease demand for our products, create delays and inefficiencies in our supply chain and make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver products to our customers. Further, our headquarters are located in Santa Barbara County, California, in a seismically active region that is also prone to forest fires. Any catastrophic event that occurred near our headquarters, or near our manufacturing facilities in China, Malaysia or Vietnam, could impose significant damage to our ability to conduct our business and could require substantial recovery time, which could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 We may need additional capital, and we cannot be certain that additional financing will be available. 
 In October 2021, we entered into a credit agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of America N.A., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, which allows us to borrow up to 100.0 million, with a maturity date of October 2026. We may require additional equity or debt financing to fund our operations and capital expenditures. Our ability to obtain financing will depend, among other things, on our development efforts, business plans, operating performance and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We cannot assure you that additional financing will be available to us on favorable terms if and when required, or at all. 
 We have and may in the future acquire other businesses or receive offers to be acquired, which could require significant management attention, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our operating results. 
 As part of our business strategy, we have and may in the future make investments in complementary businesses, products, services or technologies. These acquisitions and other transactions and arrangements involve significant challenges and risks, including not advancing our business strategy, receiving an unsatisfactory return on our investment, difficulty integrating and retaining new employees, business systems, and technology, or distracting management from our other business initiatives. If an arrangement fails to adequately anticipate changing circumstances and interests of a party, it may result in early termination or renegotiation of the 
 25 
 
 Table of contents 
 arrangement. The success of these transactions and arrangements will depend in part on our ability to leverage them to enhance our existing products or develop compelling new ones. It may take longer than expected to realize the full benefits from these transactions and arrangements such as increased revenue or enhanced efficiencies, or the benefits may ultimately be smaller than we expected. These events could adversely affect our consolidated financial statements. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls in the future, we may experience a loss of investor confidence and an adverse impact to our stock price. 
 Pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we are required to document and test our internal control procedures and to provide a report by management on internal control over financial reporting, including management s assessment of the effectiveness of such control. We previously reported and remediated material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. Completion of remediation does not provide assurance that our remediation or other controls will continue to operate properly. If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures, our ability to record, process and report financial information accurately, and to prepare consolidated financial statements within required time periods could be adversely affected, which could subject us to litigation or investigations requiring management resources and payment of legal and other expenses, negatively affect investor confidence in our consolidated financial statements and adversely impact our stock price. 
 Item 1B. Unresolv ed Staff Comments 
 None. 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 Not applicable. 
 Item 2 . Properties 
 We are a global company with our corporate headquarters located in Santa Barbara, California. In July 2023, we entered into a lease agreement for office space for a new headquarters location in Goleta, California. We intend to relocate our headquarters to this space in fiscal 2024. With this addition, we lease office space in Goleta, California, as well as offices in various locations in the U.S. and around the world. We believe our existing facilities are adequate to meet our current requirements. 
 Item 3. Leg al Proceedings 
 From time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings or be subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. Other than the matters described in Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies of the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II. Item 8 of this Annual Report, we were not a party to any legal proceedings that in the opinion of our management, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition or cash flows. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. 
 Item 4. Mi ne Safety Disclosures 
 None. 
 26 
 
 Table of contents 
 PAR T II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Rela ted Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information for Our Common Stock 
 Shares of our common stock trade on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol SONO. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of November 3, 2023, there were 4 holders of record of our common stock. This figure does not include a substantially greater number of beneficial holders of our common stock whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock, and we do not currently intend to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. We expect to retain future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. Any future determination to pay dividends on our common stock will be made at the discretion of the Board and will depend upon, among other factors, our financial condition, operating results, current and anticipated cash needs, plans for expansion and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. In addition, the terms of our credit facilities contain restrictions on our ability to declare and pay cash dividends on our capital stock. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table presents information with respect to our repurchase of common stock during the quarter ended September 30, 2023. 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 

Average Price Paid per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 1 (in thousands) 

Jul 2 - Jul 29 

54,974 

Jul 30 - Aug 26 

1,762,624 

13.92 

1,762,624 

30,440 

Aug 27 -Sep 30 

2,244,894 

13.54 

2,244,894 

34 

Total 

4,007,518 

4,007,518 

1 Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet to be purchased under the plans or programs does not include the impact of direct costs incurred to acquire shares. 

(1) In November 2022, the Board of Directors authorized a common stock repurchase program of up to 100.0 million. During the twelve months ended September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased 6,555,702 shares for an aggregate purchase price of 100.0 million at an average price of 15.25 per share under the repurchase program. See Note 8. Stockholders Equity of the Company's consolidated financial statements for further information. Over the past three fiscal years, we have completed 300.0 million in share repurchases, for 14,528,681 shares, at an average price of 20.65 per share. We also withhold shares of common stock in connection with the vesting of restricted stock unit awards issued to such employees to satisfy applicable tax withholding requirements. Although these withheld shares are not issued or considered common stock repurchases under our stock repurchase program and therefore are not included in the preceding table, they are treated as common stock repurchases in our consolidated financial statements as they reduce the number of shares that would have been issued upon vesting. 

27 
 
 Table of contents 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 
 In fiscal 2023, we elected to replace the Nasdaq Composite Index with the Nasdaq Computer Index because we believe it is more aligned with our peer group and will provide a meaningful comparison of our stock performance going forward. 
 
 Item 6 . [Reserved] 
 
 28 
 
 Table of contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly in the section titled Risk Factors. 
 We operate on a 52-week or 53-week fiscal year ending on the Saturday nearest September 30 each year. Our fiscal year is divided into four quarters of 13 weeks, each beginning on a Sunday and containing two 4-week periods followed by a 5-week period. An additional week is included in the fourth fiscal quarter approximately every five years to realign fiscal quarters with calendar quarters. References to fiscal 2023 are to our 52-week fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, references to fiscal 2022 are to our 52-week fiscal year ended October 1, 2022, references to fiscal 2021 are to our 52-week fiscal year ended October 2, 2021 and references to fiscal 2020 are to our 53-week fiscal year ended October 3, 2020. 
 Overview 
 Sonos is one of the world's leading sound experience brands. 
 We pioneered multi-room, wireless audio products, debuting the world s first multi-room wireless sound system in 2005. Today, our products include wireless, portable, and home theater speakers, components, and accessories to address consumers evolving audio needs. We are known for delivering unparalleled sound, thoughtful design aesthetic, simplicity of use, and an open platform. Our platform has attracted a broad range of more than 130 streaming content providers, such as Apple Music, Spotify, Deezer, and Pandora. These partners find value in our independent platform and access to our millions of desirable and engaged customers. We frequently introduce new services and features across our platform, providing our customers with enhanced functionality, improved sound, and an enriched user experience. We are committed to continuous technological innovation as reflected in our growing global patent portfolio. We believe our patents comprise the foundational intellectual property for wireless multi-room and other audio technologies. 
 We generate revenue from the sale of our Sonos speaker products, including wireless speakers and home theater speakers, from our Sonos system products, which largely comprises our component products, and from partner products and other revenue, including partnerships with IKEA and Sonance, Sonos and third-party accessories, licensing, advertising, and subscription revenue. 
 We have developed a robust product and software roadmap that we believe will help us capture the expanding addressable market for our products. We believe executing on our roadmap will position us to acquire new customers, offer a continuously improving experience to our existing customers, and grow follow-on purchases. 
 Recent developments 
 In March 2023, we executed the successful launch of two new products simultaneously - Era 100 and Era 300, our next generation of smart speakers. We also entered our new category with the introduction of Sonos Pro, our new audio subscription service for businesses. In September 2023, we launched Move 2, our new and improved premium portable all-in-one speaker, which we are confident is the best on the market. Notwithstanding the success of these products, our fiscal 2023 results were impacted by the near term industry-wide macroeconomic pressures we have flagged throughout fiscal 2023, and our fiscal 2023 results were adversely affected by a tightening of inventory in our installer solutions channel and by our retail partners, as well as demand softening in the later part of the year. 
 During fiscal 2023, we saw improvements in our supply chain, including recovery of supply for our products, decreased spot market component costs, and decreased shipping and logistics costs compared to the prior year. This improvement was partially offset by inventory write-downs for component inventory for purchases we committed to in response to industry-wide supply constraints resulting from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. In fiscal 2023, we began the process of exiting certain partnerships with two of our contract manufacturers and we expect to complete these exits with minimal disruption by the first quarter of fiscal 2024. We also added to our diversified contract manufacturing partnerships and shifted more of our production into our new contract manufacturing locations in Malaysia and Vietnam, resulting in savings from tariff avoidance. 
 In June 2023, in response to the softening of underlying demand trends we observed in the prior quarter resulting from industry-wide macroeconomic pressures, we initiated a restructuring plan to reduce our cost base (the 2023 restructuring plan ). The 2023 restructuring plan included a reduction in force involving approximately 7 of our employees, a further reduction of our real estate footprint, and a re-evaluation of certain program spend. Restructuring and abandonment costs under the 2023 restructuring plan were 11.4 million, substantially all of which were incurred in the third quarter of fiscal 2023. Additionally, in March 2023, in support of 
 29 
 
 Table of contents 
 operational efficiencies, we abandoned portions of our office spaces for the remainder of their respective lease terms resulting in non-recurring abandonment charges of 4.8 million. 
 We have considered the impacts of these recent developments based on information currently available when developing our estimates and assumptions. Actual results and outcomes may differ from our estimates and assumptions. For additional information of risks related to our business, refer to Part II, Item 1A. Risk factors. 
 Key Metrics 
 In addition to the measures presented in our consolidated financial statements, we use the following key metrics to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business and assist us in making strategic decisions. Our key metrics are total revenue, products sold, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin. The most directly comparable financial measure calculated under U.S. GAAP for adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin are net income (loss) and net income (loss) margin, respectively. 

Fiscal Year Ended 

September 30, 2023 

October 1, 2022 

October 2, 2021 

(In thousands, except percentages) 

Revenue 

1,655,255 

1,752,336 

1,716,744 

Products sold 

5,725 

6,281 

6,503 

Net income (loss) 

(10,274) 

67,383 

158,595 

Net income (loss) margin (1) 

(0.6) 

3.8 

9.2 

Adjusted EBITDA (2) 

153,878 

226,549 

278,585 

Adjusted EBITDA margin (2) 

9.3 

12.9 

16.2 

(1) Net income (loss) margin is calculated by dividing net income (loss) by revenue. 

(2) For additional information regarding adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin (which are non-GAAP financial measures), including reconciliations of net income (loss), to adjusted EBITDA, see the sections titled Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin and Non-GAAP Financial Measures below. 

Revenue 
 We generate substantially all of our revenue from the sale of Sonos speakers and Sonos system products. We also generate a portion of revenue from Partner products and other revenue sources, such as module revenue from our IKEA partnership, architectural speakers from our Sonance partnership, accessories such as speaker stands and wall mounts, professional services, licensing, and advertising revenue. 
 For a description of our revenue recognition policies, see the section titled Critical accounting policies and estimates. 
 Products Sold 
 Products sold represents the number of products that are sold during a period, net of returns and includes the sale of products in the Sonos speakers and Sonos system products categories, as well as module units sold through our partnerships with IKEA and Sonance from our Partner products and other revenue category. Growth rates between products sold and revenue are not perfectly correlated because our revenue is affected by other variables, such as the mix of products sold during the period, promotional discount activity, the introduction of new products that may have higher or lower than average selling prices, as well as the impact of recognition of previously deferred revenue. 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
 We define adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) adjusted to exclude the impact of stock-based compensation expense, depreciation, interest, other income (expense), taxes, and other items that we do not consider representative of our underlying operating performance. 
 We define adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA divided by revenue. See the section titled Results of Operations Non-GAAP Financial Measures for information regarding our use of adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin, and a reconciliation of net income (loss) to adjusted EBITDA and net income (loss) margin to adjusted EBITDA margin. 
 30 
 
 Table of contents 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We generate substantially all of our revenue from the sale of Sonos speakers and Sonos system products. We also generate a portion of revenue from Partner products and other revenue sources, such as module revenue from our IKEA partnership, architectural speakers from our Sonance partnership, and accessories such as speaker stands and wall mounts, as well as professional services, licensing, advertising, and subscription revenue. We attribute revenue from our IKEA partnership to our Asia Pacific APAC region, as our regional revenue is defined by the shipment location. Our revenue is recognized net of allowances for returns, discounts, sales incentives, and any taxes collected from customers. We also defer a portion of our revenue that is allocated to unspecified software upgrades and cloud-based services, as well as for newly launched products sold to resellers not recognized until the date of general availability is reached. Our revenue is subject to fluctuation based on the foreign currency in which our products are sold, principally for sales denominated in the euro and the British pound. The introduction of new products may result in an increase in revenue but may also impact revenue generated from existing products as consumers shift purchases to new products. 
 For a description of our revenue recognition policies, see the section titled Critical accounting policies and estimates. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue consists of product costs, including costs of our contract manufacturers for production, components, shipping and handling, tariffs, duty costs, warranty replacement costs, packaging, fulfillment costs, manufacturing and tooling equipment depreciation, warehousing costs, hosting costs, and excess and obsolete inventory write-downs. It also includes licensing costs, such as royalties to third parties, and attributable amortization of acquired developed technology. In addition, we allocate certain costs related to management and facilities, personnel-related expenses, and supply chain logistic costs. Personnel-related expenses consist of salaries, bonuses, benefits, and stock-based compensation expenses. 
 Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 Our gross margin has fluctuated and may, in the future, fluctuate from period to period based on a number of factors, including the mix of products we sell, the channel mix through which we sell our products, fluctuations of the impacts of our product and material cost saving initiatives, the foreign currency in which our products are sold, and tariffs and duty costs implemented by governmental authorities. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses. 
 Research and development . Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses, consulting and contractor expenses, tooling, test equipment, prototype materials, and related overhead costs. To date, software development costs have been expensed as incurred because the period between achieving technological feasibility and the release of the software has been short and development costs qualifying for capitalization have been insignificant. 
 Sales and marketing . Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising and marketing activity for our products and personnel-related expenses, as well as trade show and event costs, sponsorship costs, consulting and contractor expenses, travel costs, depreciation for product displays, as well as related maintenance and repair expenses, customer experience and technology support tool expenses, revenue related sales fees from our direct-to-consumer business, and overhead costs. 
 General and administrative . General and administrative expenses consist of personnel-related expenses for our finance, legal, human resources and administrative personnel, as well as the costs of professional services, information technology, litigation, patents, related overhead, and other administrative expenses. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Interest income. Interest income consists primarily of interest income earned on our cash and cash equivalents balances. 
 Interest expense. Interest expense consists primarily of interest expense associated with our debt financing arrangements and amortization of debt issuance costs. 
 31 
 
 Table of contents 
 Other income (expense), net. Other income (expense), net consists primarily of our foreign currency exchange gains and losses relating to transactions and remeasurement of asset and liability balances denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. We expect our foreign currency gains and losses to continue to fluctuate in the future due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Provision for (Benefit From) Income Taxes 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. Foreign jurisdictions have statutory tax rates different from those in the United States. Accordingly, our effective tax rate will vary depending on jurisdictional mix of earnings, and changes in tax laws. In addition, certain U.S. tax regulations subject the earnings of our non-U.S. subsidiaries to current taxation in the United States. Our effective tax rate will be impacted by our ability to claim deductions and foreign tax credits to offset the taxation of foreign earnings in the United States. 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided to reduce our deferred tax assets to amounts that are more-likely-than-not to be realized. We have assessed, on a jurisdictional basis, the available means of recovering deferred tax assets, including the ability to carry back net operating losses, the existence of taxable temporary differences, the availability of tax planning strategies and available sources of future taxable income. We have concluded that future taxable income can be considered a source of income to realize a benefit for deferred tax assets in certain foreign jurisdictions. In addition, we have concluded that a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets in the U.S. continues to be appropriate considering cumulative pre-tax losses in recent years and uncertainty with respect to future taxable income. 
 It is possible that in the foreseeable future there may be sufficient positive evidence to release a portion or all of the remaining valuation allowance. Release of the remaining valuation allowance would result in a benefit to income tax expense for the period the release is recorded, which could have a material impact on net earnings. The timing and amount of the potential valuation allowance release are subject to significant management judgment, as well as prospective earnings in the United States. 
 Results of Operations 
 The consolidated statements of operations data for fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, and the consolidated balance sheet data as of September 30, 2023, and October 1, 2022, are derived from our audited consolidated financial statements appearing in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The consolidated statements of operations data for fiscal years 2020, and 2019, and the consolidated balance sheet data as of October 2, 2021, October 3, 2020, and September 28, 
 32 
 
 Table of contents 
 2019, are derived from audited consolidated financial statements not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected in any future period. 

Fiscal Year Ended 

September 30, 2023 

October 1, 2022 

October 2, 2021 

October 3, 2020 

September 28, 2019 

(In thousands, except share and per share amounts and percentages) 

Revenue 

1,655,255 

1,752,336 

1,716,744 

1,326,328 

1,260,823 

Cost of revenue (1) 

938,765 

955,969 

906,750 

754,372 

733,480 

Gross profit 

716,490 

796,367 

809,994 

571,956 

527,343 

Operating expenses 

Research and development (1) 

301,001 

256,073 

230,078 

214,672 

171,174 

Sales and marketing (1) 

267,518 

280,333 

272,124 

263,539 

247,599 

General and administrative (1) 

168,518 

170,429 

152,828 

120,978 

102,871 

Total operating expenses 

737,037 

706,835 

655,030 

599,189 

521,644 

Operating income (loss) 

(20,547) 

89,532 

154,964 

(27,233) 

5,699 

Other income (expense), net 

Interest income 

10,201 

1,655 

146 

1,998 

4,349 

Interest expense 

(733) 

(552) 

(592) 

(1,487) 

(2,499) 

Other income (expense), net 

15,473 

(21,905) 

2,407 

6,639 

(8,625) 

Total other income (expense), net 

24,941 

(20,802) 

1,961 

7,150 

(6,775) 

Income (loss) before provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

4,394 

68,730 

156,925 

(20,083) 

(1,076) 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

14,668 

1,347 

(1,670) 

32 

3,690 

Net income (loss) 

(10,274) 

67,383 

158,595 

(20,115) 

(4,766) 

Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders: 

Basic 

(0.08) 

0.53 

1.30 

(0.18) 

(0.05) 

Diluted 

(0.08) 

0.49 

1.13 

(0.18) 

(0.05) 

Weighted-average shares used in computing net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders: 

Basic 

127,702,885 

127,691,030 

122,245,212 

109,807,154 

103,783,006 

Diluted 

127,702,885 

137,762,078 

140,309,152 

109,807,154 

103,783,006 

Other Data: 

Products sold (4) 

5,725 

6,281 

6,503 

5,806 

6,204 

Adjusted EBITDA (3) 

153,878 

226,549 

278,585 

108,543 

88,689 

Net income (loss) margin 

(0.6) 

3.8 

9.2 

(1.5) 

(0.4) 

Adjusted EBITDA margin (3) 

9.3 

12.9 

16.2 

8.2 

7.0 

(1) Stock-based compensation was allocated as follows: 

Fiscal Year Ended 

September 30, 2023 

October 1, 2022 

October 2, 2021 

October 3, 2020 

September 28, 2019 

(In thousands) 

Cost of revenue 

2,038 

1,620 

988 

1,106 

985 

Research and development 

35,530 

30,724 

25,075 

23,439 

17,643 

Sales and marketing 

15,677 

15,335 

13,570 

14,359 

12,965 

General and administrative 

23,612 

27,961 

22,494 

18,706 

14,982 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

76,857 

75,640 

62,127 

57,610 

46,575 

(2) See Note 11. Net Income (Loss) Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders of the notes to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for an explanation of the calculations of our net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted. 

(3) Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin are financial measures that are not calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. See the section titled Non-GAAP Financial Measures below for information regarding our use of these non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of net income (loss) to adjusted EBITDA. 

33 
 
 Table of contents 
 (4) Products sold for the fiscal 2019 has been recast to reflect the change in product revenue categorization. 

As of 

September 30, 2023 

October 1, 2022 

October 2, 2021 

October 3, 2020 

September 28, 2019 

(In thousands) 

Consolidated balance sheet data: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

220,231 

274,855 

640,101 

407,100 

338,641 

Working capital 

305,413 

331,752 

481,384 

267,362 

276,635 

Total assets 

1,002,241 

1,188,388 

1,138,804 

816,051 

761,605 

Total long-term debt 

18,251 

24,840 

Total liabilities 

483,584 

627,875 

569,762 

518,212 

480,677 

Accumulated deficit 

(12,788) 

(2,514) 

(69,897) 

(228,492) 

(208,377) 

Total stockholders' equity 

518,657 

560,513 

569,042 

297,839 

280,928 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 To supplement our consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, we monitor and consider adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin, which are non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures are not based on any standardized methodology prescribed by U.S. GAAP and are not necessarily comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. 
 We define adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) adjusted to exclude the impact of depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation expense, interest income, interest expense, other income (expense), income taxes, and other items that we do not consider representative of underlying operating performance. We define adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA divided by revenue. 
 We use these non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate our operating performance and trends and make planning decisions. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help identify underlying trends in our business that could otherwise be masked by the effect of the expenses and other items that we exclude in these non-GAAP financial measures. Accordingly, we believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results, enhancing the overall understanding of our past performance and future prospects, and allowing for greater transparency with respect to a key financial metric used by our management in its financial and operational decision-making. 
 Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin are non-GAAP financial measures, and should not be considered in isolation of, or as an alternative to, measures prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. There are a number of limitations related to the use of adjusted EBITDA rather than net income (loss), which is the nearest U.S. GAAP equivalent of adjusted EBITDA, and the use of adjusted EBITDA margin rather than net income (loss) margin, which is the nearest U.S. GAAP equivalent of adjusted EBITDA margin. These limitations include that the non-GAAP financial measures: 
 exclude depreciation and amortization, and although these are non-cash expenses, the assets being depreciated may be replaced in the future; 

exclude stock-based compensation expense, which has been, and will continue to be, a significant recurring expense for our business and an important part of our compensation strategy; 

do not reflect interest income, primarily resulting from interest income earned on our cash and cash equivalent balances; 

do not reflect interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments on our debt, which reduces cash available to us; 

do not reflect the effect of foreign currency exchange gains or losses, which is included in other income (expense), net; 

do not reflect the provision for or benefit from income tax that may result in payments that reduce cash available to us; 

do not reflect items that are not considered representative of our underlying operating performance which reduce cash available to us; and 

may not be comparable to similar non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies, because the expenses and other items that we exclude in our calculation of these non-GAAP financial measures may differ from the expenses and other items, if any, that other companies may exclude from these non-GAAP financial measures when they report their operating results. 

34 
 
 Table of contents 
 Because of these limitations, these non-GAAP financial measures should be considered along with other operating and financial performance measures presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of net income (loss) to adjusted EBITDA: 

Fiscal Year Ended 

September 30, 2023 

October 1, 2022 

October 2, 2021 

October 3, 2020 

September 28, 2019 

(In thousands, except percentages) 

Net income (loss) 

(10,274) 

67,383 

158,595 

(20,115) 

(4,766) 

Add (deduct): 

Depreciation and amortization 

48,969 

38,504 

33,882 

36,426 

36,415 

Stock-based compensation expense 

76,857 

75,640 

62,127 

57,610 

46,575 

Interest income 

(10,201) 

(1,655) 

(146) 

(1,998) 

(4,349) 

Interest expense 

733 

552 

592 

1,487 

2,499 

Other (income) expense, net 

(15,473) 

21,905 

(2,407) 

(6,639) 

8,625 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

14,668 

1,347 

(1,670) 

32 

3,690 

Legal and transaction related costs (1) 

32,950 

22,873 

30,058 

15,455 

Restructuring, abandonment, and related expenses (2) 

15,649 

(2,446) 

26,285 

Adjusted EBITDA 

153,878 

226,549 

278,585 

108,543 

88,689 

Revenue 

1,655,255 

1,752,336 

1,716,744 

1,326,328 

1,260,823 

Net income (loss) margin 

(0.6) 

3.8 

9.2 

(1.5) 

(0.4) 

Adjusted EBITDA margin 

9.3 

12.9 

16.2 

8.2 

7.0 

(1) Legal and transaction-related costs consist of expenses related to our intellectual property IP litigation against Alphabet and Google as well as legal and transaction costs associated with our acquisition activities, which we do not consider representative of our underlying operating performance. 

(2) Restructuring, abandonment, and related expenses for fiscal 2023 include 4.8 million of non-recurring lease abandonment charges that were incurred in March 2023, when we abandoned portions of our office spaces for the remainder of their respective lease terms in support of operational efficiencies. See Note 14. Restructuring Plan of the notes to our consolidated financial statement for further discussion related to our 2023 restructuring plan. 

35 
 
 Table of contents 
 
 Comparison of Fiscal Years 2023 and 2022 
 Revenue 

Fiscal Year Ended 

Change from Prior Fiscal Year 

September 30, 2023 

October 1, 2022 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Sonos speakers 

1,293,440 

1,368,916 

(75,476) 

(5.5) 

Sonos system products 

285,064 

297,110 

(12,046) 

(4.1) 

Partner products and other revenue 

76,751 

86,310 

(9,559) 

(11.1) 

Total revenue 

1,655,255 

1,752,336 

(97,081) 

(5.5) 

Volume data (products sold in thousands) 

Units 

Total products sold 

5,725 

6,281 

(556) 

(8.9) 

Total revenue decreased 97.1 million, or 5.5 , for fiscal 2023, compared to fiscal 2022. The decrease was mainly driven by reduced orders from retail and installer solutions partners as they tightened channel inventory positions, as well as demand softening in the later part of the year and the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates. These impacts were further exacerbated by an unfavorable comparison to fiscal 2022, during which we experienced significant fulfillment of backorders as supply began to improve following a long period of supply constraints. The overall decrease was partially offset by the strong performance of our new product introductions. 
 Sonos speakers revenue represented 78.1 of total revenue for fiscal 2023. The category decreased 5.5 compared to fiscal 2022, driven by expected declines in sales of Sonos One as we introduced the next generation of this product (Era 100), as well as Roam demand softness, partially offset by the strong performance of Sub Mini which was introduced in October 2022, and Era 300 and Era 100 which were introduced in March 2023. Sonos system products represented 17.2 of total revenue for fiscal 2023, and decreased 4.1 compared to the fiscal 2022, primarily due to our installer solutions channel partners tightening inventory of products in this category during the first half of the year, partially offset by the favorability due to the impact of the severely supply-constrained prior year. Partner products and other revenue represented 4.6 of total revenue for fiscal 2023, and decreased 11.1 compared to fiscal 2022. The decline was driven by a decrease in orders of our partner products. 
 The volume of products sold decreased 8.9 for fiscal 2023, compared to fiscal 2022, driven by unit decreases across all categories. The rate of decrease of volume of products sold was larger than the rate of decrease of revenue for fiscal 2023, compared to fiscal 2022, primarily due to large decreases in products with lower selling prices which contributed a smaller corresponding decrease in revenue. 
 Revenue by Region 

Fiscal Year Ended 

Change from Prior Fiscal Year 

September 30, 2023 

October 1, 2022 

Constant Currency Change 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Americas 

1,048,245 

1,044,113 

4,132 

0.4 

1.5 

EMEA 

518,179 

578,034 

(59,855) 

(10.4) 

(6.8) 

APAC 

88,831 

130,189 

(41,358) 

(31.8) 

(25.8) 

Total revenue 

1,655,255 

1,752,336 

(97,081) 

(5.5) 

(3.3) 

In constant currency U.S. dollars, total revenue decreased 3.3 for the twelve months ended September 30, 2023, compared to the twelve months ended October 1, 2022. We calculate constant currency growth percentages by translating our current period financial results using the prior period average currency exchange rates and comparing these amounts to our prior period reported results. 
 36 
 
 Table of contents 
 Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit 

Fiscal Year Ended 

Change from Prior Fiscal Year 

September 30, 2023 

October 1, 2022 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Cost of revenue 

938,765 

955,969 

(17,204) 

(1.8) 

Percentage of revenue 

56.7 

54.6 

Gross profit 

716,490 

796,367 

(79,877) 

(10.0) 

Gross margin 

43.3 

45.4 

Cost of revenue decreased 17.2 million, or 1.8 , for fiscal 2023, compared to fiscal 2022, primarily due to decreased volume of products sold, lower shipping and logistics costs related to the improvement in industry-wide supply chain dynamics compared to the prior year, and decreased spot market component costs due to the normalization of the supply chain. The decrease was partially offset by the impact of product mix related to selling more products with higher costs per unit, higher general component costs, and higher inventory-related write-downs. 
 Gross margin decreased 216 basis points for fiscal 2023, compared to fiscal 2022. The decrease was primarily due to higher promotional activity, higher general component costs, the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates, and higher inventory-related write-downs. The overall decrease was partially offset by lower shipping and logistics costs, the impact of planned selling price increases and decreased spot market component costs due to the normalization of the supply chain. 
 Research and Development 

Fiscal Year Ended 

Change from Prior Fiscal Year 

September 30, 2023 

October 1, 2022 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Research and development 

294,445 

256,073 

38,372 

15.0 

Restructuring and abandonment costs 

6,556 

6,556 

Total research and development 

301,001 

256,073 

44,928 

17.5 

Percentage of revenue 

18.2 

14.6 

not meaningful 

Research and development expenses increased 44.9 million, or 17.5 , for fiscal 2023, compared to fiscal 2022. This increase was primarily driven by 40.4 million of higher personnel-related expenses, stock-based compensation and overhead driven by increased headcount related to our continued execution on our product roadmap and category expansion, and the impact of 6.6 million of restructuring and abandonment costs resulting from the 2023 restructuring plan. 
 Sales and Marketing 

Fiscal Year Ended 

Change from Prior Fiscal Year 

September 30, 2023 

October 1, 2022 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Sales and marketing 

261,883 

280,333 

(18,450) 

(6.6) 

Restructuring and abandonment costs 

5,635 

5,635 

Total sales and marketing 

267,518 

280,333 

(12,815) 

(4.6) 

Percentage of revenue 

16.2 

16.0 

not meaningful 

Sales and marketing expenses decreased 12.8 million, or 4.6 , for fiscal 2023, compared to fiscal 2022. This decrease was primarily driven by lower marketing expenses of 28.0 million partially offset by an increase of 6.3 million in personnel-related expenses, stock-based compensation and overhead due to increased headcount, as well as 5.6 million of restructuring and abandonment costs resulting from the 2023 restructuring plan. 
 37 
 
 Table of contents 
 General and Administrative 

Fiscal Year Ended 

Change from Prior Fiscal Year 

September 30, 2023 

October 1, 2022 

(Dollars in thousands) 

General and administrative 

165,060 

170,429 

(5,369) 

(3.2) 

Restructuring and abandonment costs 

3,458 

3,458 

Total general and administrative 

168,518 

170,429 

(1,911) 

(1.1) 

Percentage of revenue 

10.2 

9.7 

not meaningful 

General and administrative expenses decreased 1.9 million, or 1.1 , for fiscal 2023, compared to fiscal 2022. The decrease was mainly due to 14.9 million of decreased stock-based compensation expense and lower overhead costs, partially offset by 11.6 million legal fees incurred in connection with our IP litigation, and the impact of 3.5 million of restructuring and abandonment costs resulting from the 2023 restructuring plan. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 

Fiscal Year Ended 

Change from Prior Fiscal Year 

September 30, 2023 

October 1, 2022 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Interest income 

10,201 

1,655 

8,546 

Interest expense 

(733) 

(552) 

(181) 

32.80 

Other income (expense), net 

15,473 

(21,905) 

37,378 

Total other income (expense), net 

24,941 

(20,802) 

45,743 

not meaningful 

Interest income for fiscal 2023, compared to fiscal 2022, increased due to higher yields on our cash and cash equivalents. Interest expense for fiscal 2023, compared to fiscal 2022, increased primarily due to expenses associated with amending our Revolving Credit Agreement. The increase in other income (expense), net for fiscal 2023, compared to fiscal 2022, was primarily due to foreign currency exchange gains. These gains stem from the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies, and were driven notably by the strengthening of the euro. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 

Fiscal Year Ended 

Change from Prior Fiscal Year 

September 30, 2023 

October 1, 2022 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Provision for income taxes 

14,668 

1,347 

13,321 

not meaningful 

For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, our U.S. tax expense was adversely impacted by the requirement to capitalize and amortize research and development expenses under Section 174 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code Section 174 as we recorded a U.S. current tax expense with no corresponding deferred tax benefit due to the valuation allowance maintained against our U.S. deferred tax assets. 
 Comparison of Fiscal Years 2022 and 2021 
 For the comparison of fiscal years 2022 and 2021, refer to Part II, Item 7 Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended October 1, 2022, filed with the SEC on November 23, 2022, under the subheading Comparison of fiscal years 2022 and 2021. 
 
 38 
 
 Table of contents 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our operations are financed primarily through cash flows from operating activities and net proceeds from the sale of our equity securities. As of September 30, 2023, our principal sources of liquidity consisted of cash flows from operating activities, cash and cash equivalents of 220.2 million, including 44.5 million held by our foreign subsidiaries, proceeds from the exercise of stock options and borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility. In accordance with our policy, the undistributed earnings of our non-U.S. subsidiaries remain indefinitely reinvested outside of the United States as of September 30, 2023, as they are required to fund needs outside of the United States. In the event funds from foreign operations are needed to fund operations in the United States and if U.S. tax has not already been previously provided, we may be required to accrue and pay additional U.S. taxes to repatriate these funds. 
 We believe our existing cash and cash equivalent balances, cash flows from operations and committed credit lines will be sufficient to meet our long-term working capital and capital expenditure needs for at least the next 12 months. We hold our cash with a diverse group of major financial institutions and have processes and safeguards in place to manage our cash balances and mitigate the risk of loss. In October 2021, we entered into a credit agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of America N.A., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., and Goldman Sachs Bank USA (the Revolving Credit Agreement ), which allows us to borrow up to 100 million, with a maturity date of October 2026. Our future capital requirements may vary materially from those currently planned and will depend on many factors, including our rate of revenue growth, the timing and extent of spending on research and development efforts and other business initiatives, our planned sales and marketing activities, the timing of new product introductions, our potential merger and acquisition activity, market acceptance of our products, and overall economic conditions. To the extent that current and anticipated sources of liquidity are insufficient to fund our future business activities and requirements, we may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing. The sale of additional equity would result in increased dilution to our stockholders. If we were to incur additional debt financing it would result in increased debt service obligations and the instruments governing such debt could provide for operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. 
 Debt Obligations 
 On October 13, 2021, we entered into the Revolving Credit Agreement. The Revolving Credit Agreement provides for (i) a five-year senior secured revolving credit facility in the amount of up to 100.0 million and (ii) an uncommitted incremental facility subject to certain conditions. Proceeds are to be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. In June 2023, we amended our Revolving Credit Agreement to change the reference rate from LIBOR to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), effective July 1, 2023. The facility may be drawn as an Alternative Base Rate Loan (at 1.00 plus an applicable margin) or Term Benchmark Loan (SOFR plus an applicable margin). We must also pay (i) an unused commitment fee ranging from 0.200 to 0.275 per annum of the average daily unused portion of the aggregate revolving credit commitment under the agreement and (ii) a per annum fee equal to the applicable margin over SOFR multiplied by the aggregate face amount of outstanding letters of credit. As of September 30, 2023, we did not have any outstanding borrowings and 1.8 million in undrawn letters of credit that reduce the availability under the Revolving Credit Agreement. 
 Our obligations under the Revolving Credit Agreement are secured by substantially all of our assets. The Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, customary affirmative and negative covenants, a financial covenant that is tested quarterly and requires us to maintain a certain consolidated leverage ratio, and customary events of default. As of September 30, 2023, we were in compliance with all financial covenants under the Revolving Credit Agreement. 
 Cash Flows 
 Fiscal 2023 Changes in Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated: 

Fiscal Year Ended 

September 30, 2023 

October 1, 2022 

(In thousands) 

Net cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 

100,406 

(28,260) 

Investing activities 

(50,286) 

(172,632) 

Financing activities 

(108,592) 

(150,260) 

Effect of exchange rate changes 

3,848 

(14,094) 

Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

(54,624) 

(365,246) 

39 
 
 Table of contents 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities of 100.4 million for fiscal 2023 consisted of net loss of 10.3 million, non-cash adjustments of 149.6 million and a net decrease in cash related to changes in operating assets and liabilities of 38.9 million. Non-cash adjustments primarily consisted of stock-based compensation expense of 76.9 million, depreciation and amortization of 49.0 million, provision for inventory obsolescence of 20.6 million, restructuring and abandonment charges of 5.5 million, and other adjustments of 5.5 million, partially offset by foreign currency transaction gains of 7.3 million. The net decrease in net operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to a decreases in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 162.3 million due to lower inventory purchases, a decrease in deferred revenue of 4.6 million, and a decrease in accrued compensation of 2.2 million due to lower accrued variable compensation. The net decrease in cash from the change in operating assets and liabilities was partially offset by lower inventory balances of 87.0 million as a result of improved inventory management, a decrease in accounts receivable of 32.1 million, and a decrease in other assets of 10.5 million driven by a decrease in prepaid expenses. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Cash used in investing activities for fiscal 2023 of 50.3 million consisted primarily of purchases of property and equipment mainly related to point-of-sale product displays and manufacturing-related tooling and test equipment to support the launch of new products. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Cash used in financing activities for fiscal 2023 of 108.6 million consisted primarily of payments for repurchase of common stock of 100.1 million, payments for repurchase of common stock related to shares withheld for tax in connection with vesting of RSUs of 29.9 million, partially offset by proceeds from exercise of common stock options of 21.3 million. 
 Fiscal 2022 Changes in Cash Flows 
 For the comparison of fiscal 2022 to fiscal 2021, refer to Part II, Item 7 Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of our Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended October 1, 2022, filed with the SEC on November 23, 2022, under the subheading Liquidity and capital resources. 
 Contractual obligations 
 See Note 6. Leases and Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies of the notes to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and related disclosures. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 
 Our critical accounting policies requiring estimates, assumptions and judgments that we believe have the most significant impact on our consolidated financial statements are described below. 
 Revenue 
 Nature of Products and Services 
 We generate substantially all of our revenue from the sale of Sonos speakers and Sonos system products. We also generate a portion of revenue from partner products and other revenue sources, such as module revenue from our IKEA partnership, architectural speakers from our Sonance partnership, and accessories such as speaker stands and wall mounts, as well as professional services, advertising revenue, licensing and subscription revenue such as Sonos Radio HD and Sonos Pro (software-as-a-service). 
 40 
 
 Table of contents 
 Our contracts generally include a combination of products and related software, and services. Products and related software primarily constitute Sonos speakers and Sonos system products and include software that enables our products to operate over a customer s wireless network as well as connect to various third-party services, including music and voice. Additionally, module revenue includes hardware and embedded software that is integrated into final products that are manufactured and sold by our partners. Service revenue includes revenue allocated to (i) unspecified software upgrades and (ii) cloud-based services that enable products to access third-party music and voice assistant platforms. Unspecified software upgrades have historically included updates and enhancements such as bug fixes, feature enhancements and updates to the ability to connect to third-party music or voice assistant platforms. 
 Performance Obligations 
 Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately requires significant judgment. We have determined that products and related software represent a single performance obligation. The basis of our determination is these products are highly dependent on, and interrelated with, the embedded software and cannot function as they are intended without the software. 
 We determined that unspecified software upgrades represent a separate performance obligation as they occur subsequent to the time of purchase, fulfillment of these promises can be made separately, there are no resulting significant modification or customization to our products, and these services are provided to customers at no additional charge. We have also determined cloud-based services to be a separate performance obligation based as they are additive to our products rather than transformative. 
 Transaction price 
 Revenue is recognized at transaction price which is the amount that we expect to receive in exchange for our products and services. Transaction price is calculated as the stated consideration net of variable consideration such as allowances for returns, discounts, sales incentives, and any tax collected from customers. The transaction price is allocated to the separate performance obligations in the contract based on relative standalone selling prices SSPs ). 
 We estimate SSP for items that are not sold separately, which include the products and related software, unspecified software upgrades and cloud services, using information that may include competitive pricing information, where available, as well as analysis of the cost of providing the products or services plus a reasonable margin. In developing SSP estimates, we also consider the nature of the products and services and the expected level of future services. 
 We offer sales incentives through various programs, consisting primarily of discounts, cooperative advertising and market development fund programs. Reductions in revenue related to discounts are allocated to products and services on a relative basis based on their respective SSP. Estimates for sales incentives are developed using the most likely amount based on our past experience with similar contracts and are included in the transaction price to the extent that a significant reversal of revenue would not result once the uncertainty is resolved. 
 We accept returns from direct customers and from certain resellers. To establish an estimate for returns, we use the expected value method by considering a portfolio of contracts with similar characteristics to calculate the historical returns rate. 
 A change in contract, future business initiatives, or customer behavior due to macroeconomic conditions could require us to change the above estimates, or if actual results differ significantly from the estimates, we would be required to increase or reduce revenue to reflect the impact. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Revenue is allocated to products and related software, and to unspecified software upgrades and cloud-based services. Revenue allocated to the products and related software is the substantial portion of the total sale price. Revenue for products and related software is recognized at the point in time when control is transferred to the customer, which is either upon shipment or upon delivery to the customer, depending on delivery terms. 
 Revenue allocated to unspecified software upgrades and cloud-based services is deferred and recognized ratably over our best estimate of the period that the customer is expected to receive the services. Determining the revenue recognition period for unspecified software upgrades and cloud services requires judgment. In developing the estimated period of providing future services, we consider our past history, our plans to continue to provide services, including plans to continue to support updates and enhancements to prior versions of our products, expected technological developments, obsolescence, competition and other factors. The estimated service period may change in the future in response to competition, technology developments and our business strategy. 
 41 
 
 Table of contents 
 For fiscal 2023, there has not been any event that would require us to materially change the underlying assumptions of revenue estimates. A hypothetical 10 change to our SSP estimates and/or the estimated recognition period for unspecified software upgrades and cloud-based services, would not result in a material change to our fiscal 2023 revenue. 
 Inventories 
 Inventory consists of finished goods and component parts, which we purchase from contract manufacturers and component suppliers. We record and value our inventory at the lower-of-cost and net realizable value. We determine cost using a standard costing method, which approximates first-in first-out. On a quarterly basis, we assess the value of our inventory on hand and non-cancelable purchase commitments for potential excess and/or obsolete inventory and will periodically write down the value to account for estimated excess and/or obsolete inventory. We determine excess or obsolete inventory based on market conditions, age/condition of inventory, an estimate of the future demand for our products within a specified time horizon, generally the shorter of 24 months or remaining life of the product, and product life cycle status. Inventory write-downs and losses on purchase commitments are recorded as a component of cost of revenue in our consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss). If actual demand is lower than our forecasted demand, we could be required to write down the value of additional inventory, which would have a negative effect on our gross profit. A hypothetical 10 change to our inventory reserves percentages would not result in a material change to our fiscal 2023 cost of revenue. 
 Income Taxes 
 Our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits reflect our best estimate of current and future taxes to be paid. Significant judgments and estimates are required in the determination of the consolidated income tax expense. 
 We prepare and file income tax returns based on our interpretation of each jurisdiction s tax laws and regulations. In preparing our consolidated financial statements, we estimate our income tax liability in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate by estimating our actual current tax expense together with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items for tax and financial reporting purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included in our consolidated balance sheets. Significant management judgment is required in assessing the realizability of our deferred tax assets. In performing this assessment, we consider whether it is more-likely-than-not that some portion or all the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. In making this determination, we consider the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and the effects of tax planning strategies. We recorded a valuation allowance against all our U.S. deferred tax assets and certain of our foreign deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2023. We intend to continue maintaining a full valuation allowance on our U.S. and certain foreign deferred tax assets until there is sufficient evidence to support the reversal of all or some portion of these allowances. 
 We account for uncertain tax positions using a more-likely-than-not threshold for recognizing and resolving uncertain tax positions. We evaluate uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis and consider various factors, that include, but are not limited to, changes in tax law, the measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in tax returns, the effective settlement of matters subject to audit, information obtained during in process audit activities and changes in facts or circumstances related to a tax position. We accrue for potential interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. Changes in the recognition or measurement of uncertain tax positions could result in material increases or decreases in our income tax expense in the period in which we make the change, which could have a material impact on our effective tax rate and operating results. 
 Our policy with respect to the undistributed earnings of our non-U.S. subsidiaries is to maintain an indefinite reinvestment assertion as they are required to fund needs outside of the United States. This assertion is made on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis and takes into account the liquidity requirements in both the United States and of our foreign subsidiaries. 
 42 
 
 Table of contents 
 Item 7A. Quantitat ive and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily include interest rate and foreign currency risks as follows: 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 As of September 30, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents of 220.2 million, which consisted primarily of cash on hand, money market fund investments, and bank deposits. Such interest-earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk due to floating interest rates. 
 To date, we have not been exposed, nor do we anticipate being exposed, to material risks due to changes in interest rates. A hypothetical 10 change in interest rates during any of the periods presented would not have had a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 Our inventory purchases are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars. Our international sales are primarily denominated in foreign currencies and any movement in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the currencies in which we conduct sales in foreign countries could have an impact on our revenue, principally for sales denominated in the euro and the British pound. A portion of our operating expenses are incurred outside the United States and are denominated in foreign currencies, which are also subject to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. In certain countries where we may invoice customers in the local currency our revenues benefit from a weaker dollar and are adversely affected by a stronger dollar. The opposite impact occurs in countries where we record expenses in local currencies. In those cases, our costs and expenses benefit from a stronger dollar and are adversely affected by a weaker dollar. 
 We do not currently use foreign exchange contracts or derivatives to hedge any foreign currency exposures. The volatility of exchange rates depends on many factors that we cannot forecast with reliable accuracy. Our continued international expansion increases our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations and, as a result, such fluctuations could have a significant impact on our future results of operations. 
 We recognized a net gain from foreign currency of 13.7 million in fiscal 2023, a net loss from foreign currency of 21.9 million in fiscal 2022 and a net gain from foreign currency of 2.4 million in fiscal 2021. Recently, we have seen a particular strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the euro and the British pound. If this trend continues, it will negatively affect the U.S. dollar value of revenue and gross margins we earn on our foreign currency-denominated sales. Based on transactions denominated in currencies other than respective functional currencies as of September 30, 2023, a hypothetical adverse change of 10 would have resulted in an adverse impact on income (loss) before provision for (benefit from) income taxes of approximately 21.5 million for the fiscal year ended 2023. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the notes to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 
 43 
 
 Table of contents 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 45 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 47 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 48 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 49 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 50 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 51 

44 
 
 Table of contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Sonos, Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sonos, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2023 and October 1, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), of stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2023, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2023 and October 1, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 45 
 
 Table of contents 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Revenue Recognition - Estimates of Standalone Selling Price and Service Period for Unspecified Software Upgrades and Cloud-Based Services 
 
 As described in Notes 2 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s contracts with customers generally contain promises to transfer products and services which are not sold separately. Service revenue includes revenue allocated to (i) unspecified software upgrades and (ii) cloud-based services, which are each distinct performance obligations, based on relative standalone selling price. Management s estimation of standalone selling price requires judgment. Management has disclosed factors considered in estimating standalone selling price including competitive pricing information, where available, analyses of the cost of providing the products or services plus a reasonable gross margin, the nature of the products and services and the expected level of future services. Determining the revenue recognition period for unspecified software upgrades and cloud-based services also requires judgment. Management recognizes revenue attributable to these performance obligations ratably over the estimated service period. In developing the estimated service period over which to recognize service revenue, management considers past history, plans to continue to provide services, including plans to continue to support updates and enhancements to prior versions of the Company s products, expected technological developments, obsolescence, competition and other factors. Deferred revenue primarily relates to revenue allocated to unspecified software upgrades and cloud-based services and was 80 million as of September 30, 2023. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition, specifically estimates of standalone selling price and service period for unspecified software upgrades and cloud-based services, is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management in estimating the standalone selling price and the service period, which in turn led to significant auditor judgment, subjectivity, and audit effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to (i) management s estimates of standalone selling price by considering estimates of the cost of providing the services plus a reasonable gross margin, and (ii) management s estimates of service period by considering management s plans to continue to support updates and enhancements to prior versions of the Company s products. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition process, including over the estimation of the standalone selling prices and service period for unspecified software upgrades and cloud-based services. The procedures also included, among others, testing management s process for estimating the standalone selling price and service period. Procedures to test management's process for estimating standalone selling price included (i) evaluating the appropriateness of management s cost plus gross margin method of estimating standalone selling price; (ii) comparing the estimate of standalone selling price to competitive pricing information for comparable services using publicly disclosed information; (iii) evaluating the reasonableness of estimates of the cost of providing the services; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of gross margins. Evaluating the reasonableness of estimates of the cost of providing the services involved (i) testing the allocation of engineering costs, which is driven by time spent on software upgrades and cloud-based services and (ii) testing the completeness, accuracy, relevance, and classification of the engineering costs. Evaluating the reasonableness of gross margins involved comparing management s gross margin to the gross margin earned for similar services by third party peer companies within the same industry. Procedures performed to test management's process for estimating the service period for these services included (i) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data and (ii) evaluating the reasonableness of management's plans to continue to support updates and enhancements to prior versions of the Company's products through a look-back analysis performed using historical software updates, as well as considering currently active products receiving software updates. 

/s/ 
 
 November 20, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2011, which includes periods before the Company became subject to SEC reporting requirements. 
 46 
 
 Table of contents 
 SONOS, INC. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and par values) 

As of 

September 30, 2023 

October 1, 2022 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and as of September 30, 2023, and October 1, 2022, respectively 

Inventories 

Prepaid and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net: 

In-process research and development 

Other intangible assets 

Deferred tax assets 

Other noncurrent assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued compensation 

Deferred revenue, current 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent 

Deferred revenue, noncurrent 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) 

Stockholders equity: 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued, and shares outstanding as of September 30, 2023, and October 1, 2022, respectively 

Treasury stock, and shares at cost as of September 30, 2023 and October 1, 2022, respectively 

() 

() 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 47 
 
 Table of contents 
 SONOS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Year Ended 

September 30, 2023 

October 1, 2022 

October 2, 2021 

Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

() 

Other income (expense), net 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Other income (expense), net 

() 

Total other income (expense), net 

() 

Income before provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders: 

Basic and diluted 

() 

Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders: 

Basic 

() 

Diluted 

() 

Weighted-average shares used in computing net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Change in foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 48 
 
 Table of contents 
 SONOS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 

Common Stock 

Treasury Stock 

Shares 

Amount 

Additional Paid-In Capital 

Shares 

Amount 

Accumulated Deficit 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 

Total Stockholders' Equity 

Balance at October 3, 2020 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock pursuant to equity incentive plans 

Retirement of treasury stock 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchase of common stock related to shares withheld for tax in connection with vesting of restricted stock unit awards RSUs 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Net income 

Change in foreign currency translation adjustment 

Balance at October 2, 2021 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock pursuant to equity incentive plans 

Retirement of treasury stock 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchase of common stock related to shares withheld for tax in connection with vesting of RSUs 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Net income 

Change in foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

() 

Balance at October 1, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock pursuant to equity incentive plans 

Retirement of treasury stock 

() 

() 

() 

- 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchase of common stock related to shares withheld for tax in connection with vesting of RSUs 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Change in foreign currency translation adjustment 

Balance at September 30, 2023 

() 

() 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 49 
 
 Table of contents 
 SONOS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended 

September 30, 2023 

October 1, 2022 

October 2, 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Restructuring and abandonment charges 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Provision for inventory obsolescence 

Other 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign currency transaction (gain) loss 

() 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 

() 

() 

Inventories 

() 

() 

Other assets 

() 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

() 

Accrued compensation 

() 

() 

Deferred revenue 

() 

() 

Other liabilities 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchases of property and equipment, intangible and other assets 

() 

() 

() 

Cash paid for acquisitions, net of acquired cash 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Payments for debt issuance costs 

() 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Payments for repurchase of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Payments for repurchase of common stock related to shares withheld for tax in connection with vesting of RSUs 

() 

() 

() 

Repayments of borrowings 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

() 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

() 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

Beginning of period 

End of period 

Supplemental disclosure 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes, net of refunds 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities 

Purchases of property and equipment, accrued but not paid 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 

Change in estimate of asset retirement obligations 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 50 
 
 Table of contents 
 SONOS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 countries through its wholly owned subsidiaries: Sonos Europe B.V. in the Netherlands, Beijing Sonos Technology Co. Ltd. in China, Sonos Japan GK in Japan, and Sonos Australia Pty Ltd. in Australia. 

million and million, respectively. Ownership of inventory transfers to the Company based on contractual terms with its contract manufacturers. 
 - years 

Furniture and fixtures 
 
 - years 

Tooling and production line test equipment 
 
 - years 

Leasehold improvements 
 
 - years 

Product displays 
 
 - years 

Costs incurred to improve leased office space are capitalized. Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the term of the lease or the estimated useful life of the improvement. Expenditures for major renewals and improvements that extend the useful lives of property and equipment are capitalized. Maintenance, repair costs and gains or losses associated with disposals are charged to expense as incurred. Product displays are deployed at retail locations. Because the product displays facilitate marketing of the Company s products within the retail stores, depreciation for product displays is recorded in sales and marketing expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) . 
 million and million as of September 30, 2023 and October 1, 2022, respectively, and are reported as a component of other noncurrent assets on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. Amortization expenses for implementation costs for cloud-based computing arrangements for the twelve months ended September 30, 2023, and October 1, 2022, were million and million, respectively. Accumulated amortization for cloud-based computing arrangements was million and million as of September 30, 2023, and October 1, 2022 , respectively. 
 impairment charges. 
 
 , except in the EU and select other countries where the Company provides a minimum warranty, depending on the region, on all its products. A t the time of sale, an estimate of future warranty costs is recorded as a component of cost of revenue and a warranty liability is recorded for estimated costs to satisfy the warranty obligation. The Company s estimate of costs to fulfill its warranty obligations is based on historical experience and expectations of future costs to repair or replace. 

period and stockholders equity at historical rates. Revenue and expenses for these subsidiaries are translated using rates that approximate those in effect during the period. Gains and losses from translation are recognized in foreign currency translation included in accumulated other comprehensive loss. The Company remeasures monetary assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency using exchange rates prevailing on the balance sheet date, and non-monetary assets and liabilities at historical rates. Foreign currency remeasurement and transaction gains and losses are included in other income (expense), net. 

() 

Determining the revenue recognition period for unspecified software upgrades and cloud-based services also requires judgment. The Company recognizes revenue attributable to these performance obligations ratably over the best estimate of the period that the customer is expected to receive the services. In developing the estimated period of providing future services, the Company considers past history, plans to continue to provide services, including plans to continue to support updates and enhancements to prior versions of the Company s products, expected technological developments, obsolescence, competition and other factors. The estimated service period may change in the future in response to competition, technology developments and the Company s business strategy. The Company offers sales incentives through various programs consisting primarily of discounts, cooperative advertising and market development fund programs. The Company records cooperative advertising and market development fund programs with customers as a reduction to revenue unless it receives a distinct benefit in exchange for credits claimed by the customer and can reasonably estimate the fair value of the benefit received, in which case the Company records it as an expense. The Company recognizes a liability or a reduction to accounts receivable, and reduces revenue based on the estimated amount of sales incentives that will be claimed by customers. Estimates for sales incentives are developed using the most likely amount and are included in the transaction price to the extent that a significant reversal of revenue would not result once the uncertainty is resolved. In developing its estimate, the Company also considers the susceptibility of the incentive to outside influences, the length of time until the uncertainty is resolved and the Company s experience with similar contracts. Reductions in revenue related to discounts are allocated to products and services on a relative basis based on their respective SSP. Judgment is required to determine the timing and amount of recognition of marketing funds which the Company estimates based on past practice of providing similar funds. The Company accepts returns from direct customers and from certain resellers. To establish an estimate for returns, the Company uses the expected value method by considering a portfolio of contracts with similar characteristics to calculate the historical returns rate. When determining the expected value of returns, the Company considers future business initiatives and relevant anticipated future events. Supplier Concentration The Company relies on third parties for the supply and manufacture of its products, as well as third-party logistics providers for the distribution of its products. In instances where these parties fail to perform their obligations, the Company may be unable to find alternative suppliers or satisfactorily deliver its products to customers on time, if at all. During fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, approximately , and , respectively, of the Company s finished goods purchased during each year were from one vendor. Deferred Revenue and Payment Terms The Company invoices each order upon hardware shipment or delivery and recognizes revenue for each distinct performance obligation when transfer of control has occurred, which in the case of services, may extend over several reporting periods. Amounts invoiced in advance of revenue recognition are recorded as deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheets. Deferred revenue primarily relates to revenue allocated to unspecified software upgrades and platform services, as well as for newly launched products sold to resellers not recognized until the date of general availability is reached. General availability deferrals are classified as current deferred revenue as the Company starts shipping the product to the reseller within one month prior to the general availability date. The Company classifies deferred revenue as noncurrent if amounts are expected to be recognized as revenue beyond one year from the balance sheet date. Payment Terms Payment terms and conditions vary among the Company s distribution channels although terms generally include a requirement of payment within 30 days of product shipment. Sales directly to customers from the Company s website are paid at the time of product shipment. Prior to providing payment terms to customers, an evaluation of the customer s credit risk is performed. Contractual allowances are an offset to accounts receivable. 
 In-process research and development IPRD assets represent the fair value of incomplete research and development projects obtained as part of a business combination that have not yet reached technological feasibility and are initially not subject to amortization; rather, these assets are subject to impairment considerations of indefinite-lived intangible assets. Upon completion of development, IPRD assets are considered definite-lived intangible assets, transferred to developed technology and are amortized over their useful lives. If a project were to be abandoned, the IPRD would be considered fully impaired and expensed to research and development. 
 million, million and million for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

million, million, and million for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 , respectively. 
 the Company determines that it would be able to realize its deferred tax assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, the Company would make an adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance, which would result in a benefit to income taxes. The Company records uncertain tax positions in accordance with a two-step process whereby (i) the Company determines whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical merits of the position and (ii) for those tax positions that meet the more likely than not recognition threshold, the Company recognizes the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. The Company includes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). The Company has not incurred any interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in any of the periods presented. The Company s provision for (benefit from) income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits involves the use of estimates, assumptions and judgments. Although the Company believes its estimates, assumptions and judgments to be reasonable, any changes in tax law or its interpretation of tax laws and the resolutions of potential tax audits could significantly impact the amounts provided for income taxes in the Company s consolidated financial statements. Actual future operating results and the underlying amount and type of income could differ materially from the Company s estimates, assumptions and judgments thereby impacting the Company s financial position and results of operations. 
 operating segment as it only reports aggregate financial information on a consolidated basis, accompanied by disaggregated information about revenue by geographic region and product category to its Chief Executive Officer, who is the Company s chief operating decision maker. 
 years, and some include options to terminate the leases within year. The Company's lease terms are only for periods in which it has enforceable rights and are impacted by options to extend or terminate the lease only when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the option. For leases with terms greater than 12 months, the Company records the related right-of-use asset and lease obligation at the present value of lease payments over the lease terms. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Lease agreements will typically exist with lease and non-lease components, which are accounted for separately. The Company's agreements may contain variable lease payments. The Company includes variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate and exclude those which depend on facts or circumstances occurring after the commencement date, other than the passage of time. As most of the Company s leases do not contain an implicit interest rate, the Company uses judgment to determine an incremental borrowing rate to use at lease commencement. 
 In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers. This update requires that an entity recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination in accordance with Topic 606. The Company adopted this standard in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. The adoption did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 

October 1, 2022 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

(In thousands) 

Assets: 

Money market funds (cash equivalents) 

Europe, Middle East and Africa EMEA 

Asia Pacific APAC 

Total revenue 

Revenue is attributed to individual countries based on ship-to address and also includes the applicable service revenue for software upgrades and cloud-based services attributable to each country. Revenue by significant countries is as follows: 

September 30, 2023 

October 1, 2022 

October 2, 2021 

(In thousands) 

United States 

Other countries 

Total revenue 

Revenue by product category also includes the applicable service revenue for software upgrades and cloud-based services attributable to each product category. Revenue by major product category is as follows: 

September 30, 2023 

October 1, 2022 

October 2, 2021 

(In thousands) 

Sonos speakers 

Sonos system products 

Partner products and other revenue 

Total revenue 

Disaggregation of Property and Equipment 

United States 

Other countries 

Property and equipment, net 

Increases 

Write-offs 

() 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

Charged to revenue 

Utilization of sales incentive allowance 

() 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

Inventories 

Components 

Inventories 

The Company writes down inventory as a result of excess and obsolete inventories, or when it believes that the net realizable value of inventories is less than the carrying value. As of September 30, 2023, and October 1, 2022, inventory write-downs were million and million, respectively. Property and Equipment, Net 

Furniture and fixtures 

Tooling and production line test equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Product displays 

Total property and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense was million, million and million for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company abandoned and disposed of gross fixed assets of million, million and million, with accumulated depreciation of million, million and million, respectively. Disposals of fixed assets were recorded in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) and resulted in immaterial losses for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021. Goodwill 

Effect of exchange rate changes on goodwill 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

Intangible Assets As part of the acquisition of Mayht Holding BV Mayht in fiscal 2022, the Company recognized million in intangible assets related to in-process research and development activity, which is not subject to amortization for the current period. 

() 

() 

Technology-based 

() 

- 

Total finite-lived intangible assets 

() 

() 

In-process research and development and other intangible assets not subject to amortization 

- 

() 

Total intangible assets 

() 

() 

The following table summarizes the estimated future amortization expense of the Company's intangible assets as September 30, 2023: 

Fiscal years ending 
 
 Future Amortization Expense 

(In thousands) 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and thereafter 

Total future amortization expense 

Accrued Expenses 

Accrued advertising and marketing 

Accrued taxes 

Accrued general and administrative expenses 

Accrued product development 

Other accrued payables 

Total accrued expenses 

Deferred Revenue Amounts invoiced in advance of revenue recognition are recorded as deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheets. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, deferred revenue included revenue allocated to unspecified software upgrades and cloud-based services of million. For the fiscal year ended October 1, 2022, deferred revenue included revenue allocated to unspecified software upgrades and cloud-based services of million, as well as current deferred revenue related to newly launched products sold to resellers not recognized as revenue until the date of general availability was reached. 

Recognition of revenue included in beginning of period deferred revenue 

() 

() 

() 

Revenue deferred, net of revenue recognized on contracts in the respective period 

Deferred revenue, end of period 

Other Current Liabilities 

Short-term operating lease liabilities 

Warranty liability 

Other 

Total other current liabilities 

Provision for warranties issued during the period 

Settlements of warranty claims during the period 

() 

() 

Warranty liability, end of period 

years, and some include options to terminate the lease within year. The Company's lease terms are only for periods in which it has enforceable rights and are impacted by options to extend or terminate the lease only when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the option. For leases with terms greater than 12 months, the Company records the related right-of-use asset and lease obligation at the present value of lease payments over the lease terms. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company's leases do not include any residual value guarantees or bargain purchase options. Lease agreements will typically exist with lease and non-lease components, which are accounted for separately. The Company's agreements may contain variable lease payments. The Company includes variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate and exclude those which depend on facts or circumstances occurring after the commencement date, other than the passage of time. Most of the Company's leases do not contain an implicit interest rate. Therefore, the Company uses judgment to estimate an incremental borrowing rate, which is defined as the rate of interest the Company would have to pay to borrow an amount that is equal to the lease obligations, on a collateralized basis, and over a similar term. The Company takes into consideration the terms of the Company's Credit Facility (as defined in Note 7. Debt), lease terms, and current interest rates to determine the incremental borrowing rate at lease commencement date. At September 30, 2023, the Company's weighted-average discount rate was , while the weighted-average remaining lease term was years. As part of the supplemental cash flow disclosure, the right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities does not reflect the impact of prepaid or deferred rent. On May 11, 2023, the Company amended its existing operating lease at the Lafayette City Center in Boston, Massachusetts. The effect of the modification was a partial reduction in the square footage of the lease and . The modification resulted in the Company continuing to classify the lease as an operating lease, with an increase in right-of-use assets and lease liabilities totaling million and million, respectively. On July 13, 2023, as part of the Company's ongoing evaluation of real estate needs and overall lease consolidation initiatives, the Company entered into a lease agreement for a new headquarters location for approximately square feet of office space located in Goleta, California. . The Company anticipates taking possession of the leased premises in October 2023 and intends to relocate its headquarters to this space in fiscal 2024. Refer to Note 14. Restructuring Plan for discussion of the impact of lease abandonment charges. 

Short-term lease cost 

Variable lease cost 

Total lease cost 

For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, and October 1, 2022, rent expense, including leases for offices and facilities as well as auto leases, was million and million, respectively, and common area maintenance expense was million and million, respectively. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

() 

Total lease liabilities 

senior secured revolving credit facility in the amount of up to million and (ii) an uncommitted incremental facility subject to certain conditions. Proceeds are to be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. In June 2023, the Company amended the Revolving Credit Agreement, replacing prior references to LIBOR with references to SOFR a result of the discontinuation of LIBOR. The facility may be drawn as an Alternative Base Rate Loan (at plus an applicable margin) or Term Benchmark Loan (at the Term SOFR Rate, plus the applicable Term SOFR Adjustment ranging from to , plus an applicable margin (in total, Adjusted Term SOFR )). The Company must also pay (i) an unused commitment fee ranging from to per annum of the average daily unused portion of the aggregate revolving credit commitment under the agreement and (ii) a per annum fee equal to the applicable margin over Adjusted Term SOFR multiplied by the aggregate face amount of outstanding letters of credit. As of September 30, 2023, the Company did not have any outstanding borrowings and had million in undrawn letters of credit that reduce the availability under the Revolving Credit Agreement. The Company s obligations under the Revolving Credit Agreement are secured by substantially all of the Company s assets. The Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, customary affirmative and negative covenants, a financial covenant that is tested quarterly and requires the Company to maintain a certain consolidated leverage ratio, and customary events of default. As of September 30, 2023 , the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants under the Revolving Credit Agreement. 

 million. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased shares for an aggregate purchase price of million at an average price of per share under the repurchase program. As of September 30, 2023, the Company fully utilized the amount available under this stock repurchase program. Treasury stock during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, included shares withheld to satisfy employees' tax withholding requirements in connection with vesting of RSUs. Additionally, during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, the Company retired shares of treasury stock. The Company accounts for the retirement of treasury stock by deducting its par value from common stock and reflecting any excess of cost over par value as a deduction from additional paid-in-capital on the consolidated balance sheets. 

 of the total outstanding shares of the Company s common stock and common stock equivalents as of the immediately preceding December 31 (rounded to the nearest whole share) and (y) a number of shares determined by the Company's the Board. As of September 30, 2023, there were shares reserved for future issuance under the 2018 Plan. Stock Options Pursuant to the 2018 Plan, the Company issues stock options to employees and directors. The option price, number of shares and grant date are determined at the discretion of the Board. For so long as the option holder performs services for the Company, the options generally vest over months, on a monthly or quarterly basis, with certain options subject to an initial annual cliff vest, and are exercisable for a period not to exceed from the date of grant. The Company s policy for issuing stock upon stock option exercise is to issue new common stock. 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at September 30, 2023 

At September 30, 2023 

Options exercisable 

Options vested and expected to vest 

The Company granted options in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021. Options vested in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, have a fair value of million, million, and million. As of September 30, 2023, all outstanding stock options have vested and the Company had unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to stock options. As of October 1, 2022, the Company had million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to stock options, which were expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was million, million and million for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Restricted Stock Units Pursuant to the 2018 Plan, the Company issues RSUs to employees and directors. RSUs vest quarterly over the service period, which is generally with certain awards subject to an initial annual cliff vest. 

Granted 

Released 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at September 30, 2023 

At September 30, 2023 

Units expected to vest 

As of September 30, 2023 and October 1, 2022, the Company had million and million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to RSUs, each of which are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of and years, respectively. Performance Stock Units Pursuant to the 2018 Plan, the Company has issued and may issue certain PSUs that vest on the satisfaction of service and performance conditions. The number of shares vested at the end of the performance period are based on the extent to which the corresponding performance goals have been achieved. The number of shares vested during the twelve months ended September 30, 2023, includes performance achievement adjustments of a net reduction of units. 

Granted 

Released 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at September 30, 2023 

As of September 30, 2023 and October 1, 2022, the Company had million and million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to PSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of and years, respectively. Stock-based Compensation 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

Foreign 

Income before provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

U.S. State 

Foreign 

Total current 

Deferred: 

U.S. Federal 

() 

U.S. State 

() 

Foreign 

() 

() 

() 

Total deferred 

() 

() 

() 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

() 

The Company is subject to income taxes in the United States and foreign jurisdictions in which it operates. The Company s tax provision is impacted by the jurisdictional mix of earnings as its foreign subsidiaries have statutory tax rates different from those in the United States. For the year ended September 30, 2023 the Company s U.S. tax expense was adversely impacted by the requirement to capitalize and amortize research and development expenses under Section 174 as the Company recorded a current U.S. tax expense with no corresponding deferred tax benefit due to the valuation allowance maintained against its U.S. deferred tax assets. 

Capitalized research development 

Accrued expenses and reserves 

Deferred revenue 

Operating lease liability 

Stock-based compensation 

Foreign net operating loss carryforwards 

Other capitalized costs 

Depreciation 

U.S. net operating loss carryforwards 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Intangibles 

() 

() 

Right-of-use asset 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 

() 

() 

Reported as 

Deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 

() 

() 

The Company has assessed, on a jurisdictional basis, the realization of its net deferred tax assets, including the ability to carry back net operating losses, the existence of taxable temporary differences, the availability of tax planning strategies and available sources of future taxable income. The Company has concluded that based on cumulative taxable income and future taxable income that it is able to realize a benefit for net deferred tax assets in certain foreign jurisdictions. In addition, the Company has concluded that a valuation allowance on its net deferred tax assets in the U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions continues to be appropriate considering cumulative taxable losses in recent years and uncertainty with respect to future taxable income. It is possible that within the next 12 months there may be sufficient positive evidence to release a portion or all of the remaining valuation allowance in the U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions. Release of the remaining valuation allowance would result in a benefit to income tax expense for the period the release is recorded, which could have a material impact on net earnings. The timing and amount of the potential valuation allowance release are subject to significant management judgment, as well as prospective earnings in the United States and certain other foreign entities and jurisdictions. For the year ended September 30, 2023, we utilized million U.S. federal net operating loss and have U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards remaining. As of September 30, 2023, we had gross state net operating loss carryforwards of million, which expire beginning in 2032, as well as million in foreign net operating loss carryforwards with an indefinite life. As of September 30, 2023, we also had U.S. federal research and development tax credit carryforwards as filed of million, and state research and development tax credit carryforwards as filed of million, which will expire beginning in 2038 and 2025, respectively. The federal and state research and development tax credits are shown net of uncertain tax positions and net of federal benefit, as applicable, in the components of the Company's deferred income tax assets and liabilities. For the year ended September 30, 2023, the increase in capitalized research and development relates to the requirement to capitalize research and development expenses under Section 174. Because of the change of ownership provisions of Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code, and similar state provisions, use of a portion of the Company s U.S. federal and state net operating loss and research and development tax credit carryforwards may be limited in future periods if there are future changes in ownership. Further, a portion of the carryforwards may expire before being applied to reduce future taxable income and income tax liabilities if sufficient taxable income is not generated in future periods. 

Increase during the period 

Decrease during the period 

() 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

U.S. state and local income taxes, net of federal benefit and state credits 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign income tax rate differential 

Stock-based compensation 

() 

() 

Federal research and development tax credits 

() 

() 

() 

Unrecognized federal tax benefits 

() 

Change in tax rate 

() 

Global intangible low taxed income, net of foreign tax credits 

Foreign -derived intangible income (FDII) deduction 

() 

Subpart F income 

162(m) executive compensation limitation 

Other 

() 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

Provision for income taxes 

() 

Decrease - tax positions in prior periods 

() 

() 

() 

Increase - tax positions in current periods 

Ending balance 

The Company does not anticipate changes to its unrecognized benefits within the next 12 months that would result in a material change to the Company s financial position. The unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2023, would have no impact on the effective tax rate if recognized The Company conducts business in a number of jurisdictions and, as such, is required to file income tax returns in multiple jurisdictions globally. U.S. federal income tax returns for the 2019 tax year and earlier are no longer subject to examination by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the IRS ). All U.S. federal and state net operating losses as well as research and development tax credits generated to date, including 2019 and earlier, used in open tax years are subject to adjustment by the IRS and state tax authorities. The Company recognizes interest and penalties, if any, related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. There were no accrued interest or penalties as of September 30, 2023, and October 1, 2022. As of September 30, 2023, the Company continues to assert that the unremitted earnings in our foreign subsidiaries are permanently reinvested and therefore no deferred taxes or withholding taxes have been provided. If, in the future, the Company decides to repatriate its million of undistributed earnings from these subsidiaries in the form of dividends or otherwise, the Company could be subject to withholding taxes payable at that time. Outside basis differences in the Company's foreign subsidiaries including unremitted earnings and any related taxes are not material. 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares of common stock - basic 

Effect of potentially dilutive stock options 

Effect of RSUs 

Effect of PSUs 

Weighted-average shares of common stock diluted 

Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders: 

Basic 

() 

Diluted 

() 

Restricted stock units 

Performance stock units 

Total 

As of September 30, 2023, the Company's open purchase orders to contract manufacturers for finished goods were approximately million , the majority of which are expected to be paid in the next . As of September 30, 2023, the Company's expected commitments to suppliers for components were in the range of million to million, the majority of which is expected to be paid and/or utilized by our contract manufacturers in building finished goods within the next . The expected commitments are subject to change as a result of fluctuations in the demand forecast, as well as ongoing negotiations with contract manufacturers and suppliers. These commitments are related to components that can be specific to Sonos products and comprised 1) indirect obligations to third-party manufacturers and suppliers, 2) the inventory owned by contract manufacturers procured to manufacture Sonos products, and 3) purchase commitments made by contract manufacturers to their upstream suppliers. Legal Proceedings From time to time, the Company is involved in legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including claims relating to employee relations, business practices, and patent infringement. Litigation can be expensive and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict, and the Company s view of these matters may change in the future as the litigation and events related thereto unfold. The Company expenses legal fees as incurred. The Company records a provision for contingent losses when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. An unfavorable outcome to any legal matter, if material, could have an adverse effect on the Company s operations or its financial position, liquidity or results of operations. The Company s Lawsuits Against Google: On January 7, 2020, the Company filed a complaint with the U.S. International Trade Commission ITC against Alphabet Inc. Alphabet and Google LLC Google and a counterpart lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California against Google. The complaint and lawsuit each allege infringement by Alphabet and Google of certain Sonos patents related to its smart speakers and related technology. The counterpart lawsuit is stayed pending completion of the ITC investigation and appeal thereof. The ITC concluded its investigation in January 2022, finding all five of the Company s asserted patents to be valid and infringed by Google, and further finding that one redesign per patent proposed by Google would avoid infringement. The ITC issued a limited exclusion order and a cease-and-desist order with respect to Google s infringing products. The outcome of the ITC investigation is currently being appealed by the Company and Google. On September 29, 2020, the Company filed another lawsuit against Google alleging infringement of additional Sonos patents and seeking monetary damages and other non-monetary relief. A jury trial was held in May 2023, which found one Sonos patent to be infringed and another Sonos patent not infringed, and returned an award of million based on a royalty rate of per infringing unit. After trial, the court held Sonos patents unenforceable under the doctrine of prosecution laches and invalid as a result of amendments made during prosecution. The Company is appealing the ruling. On December 1, 2020, the Company filed a lawsuit against two Google foreign subsidiaries in the regional court of Hamburg, Germany, alleging infringement of a Sonos patent seeking non-monetary relief. The Company has since withdrawn this action after having received some preliminary relief. Google s Lawsuits Against the Company: On June 11, 2020, Google filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company alleging infringement by the Company of five Google patents and seeking monetary damages and other non-monetary relief. Four of these patents have since been found invalid by the Court or by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or have been withdrawn from the case by Google. In this lawsuit, one patent remains asserted against the Company. No trial date is set. On June 12, 2020, Google filed lawsuits in District Court Munich I against Sonos Europe B.V. and Sonos, Inc., alleging infringement of two Google patents seeking monetary damages and an injunction preventing sales of allegedly infringing products. In March 2021, the District Court Munich stayed the case for infringement of one Google patent pending the outcome of a nullity action concerning the validity of that patent. In June 2021, the Munich court issued a decision dismissing Google's complaint regarding the other Google patent for lack of infringement by the Company. Google has appealed the Munich court's ruling, which is pending. On August 21, 2020, Google filed a lawsuit against the Company in Canada alleging infringement of one Google patent. On July 26, 2022, the Canadian court ruled that the Company does not infringe this patent after a trial on the merits. Google has appealed the Canadian s court s ruling, which is pending. On August 21, 2020, Google filed a lawsuit against Sonos Europe B.V. and Sonos, Inc. in France, alleging infringement of two Google patents seeking monetary damages and an injunction preventing sales of allegedly infringing products. In February 2021, Google withdrew its infringement allegations regarding one patent in view of prior art brought to the attention of the court by the Company. In March 2022, the French trial court ruled for the Company on one of Google's asserted patents. The French trial court found the other Google patent invalid in November 2023. Google has appealed the French trial court's March 2022 ruling, which is pending. On August 21, 2020, Google filed a lawsuit against Sonos Europe B.V. and Sonos, Inc. in the Netherlands alleging infringement of a Google patent seeking an injunction preventing sales of allegedly infringing products. In October, 2022, the Netherlands court ruled that the Company does not infringe Google s patent. In September 2020, Google filed a lawsuit against Sonos Europe B.V. in the Netherlands, alleging infringement of a Google patent and seeking an injunction preventing sales of allegedly infringing products. In February 2022, the Court rejected Google's claims concerning this patent. Google has appealed this decision, which is pending. On August 8, 2022, Google filed two c omplaints with t he ITC against the Company and two counterpart lawsuits in the Northern District of California against the Company, collectively alleging infringement by the Company of seven Google patents generally related to wireless charging, device setup, and voice control, and seeking monetary damages and other non-monetary relief. The counterpart lawsuits are stayed pending completion of the ITC investigations. The ITC has terminated the investigation as to one Google patent as a result of imminent expiration of that Google patent. An oral hearing in the first ITC investigation took place in June 2023, with the administrative law judge issuing an initial determination of no violation by the Company. Google is seeking internal Commission review of the initial determination with a final decision by the Commission scheduled for January 2024. The oral hearing in the second ITC investigation has been postponed after the administrative law judge has indicated that she will be invalidating both Google patents at issue. Implicit On March 10, 2017, Implicit, LLC Implicit filed a patent infringement action in the United States District Court, District of Delaware against the Company. Implicit is asserting that the Company has infringed on certain claims of patents in this case. The Company denies the allegations. The claims at issue have been held unpatentable by the USPTO. Implicit has appealed this ruling, which will be heard by the appeals court in 2024. There is no assurance of a favorable outcome and the Company s business could be adversely affected as a result of a finding that the Company patents-in-suit are invalid and/or unenforceable. A range of loss, if any, associated with this matter is not probable or reasonably estimable as of September 30, 2023. The Company is involved in certain other litigation matters not listed above but does not consider these matters to be material either individually or in the aggregate at this time. The Company s view of the matters not listed may change in the future as the litigation and events related thereto unfold. Tariff refunds On May 13, 2020, the Company was granted a temporary exclusion from the August 2019 Section 301 Tariff Action (List 4A) Section 301 tariffs ), eliminating the tariffs on the Company's component products imported from China until August 31, 2020. The exclusion for the Company s component products was not extended past August 31, 2020, with the Section 301 tariffs for our component products automatically reinstated on September 1, 2020. On July 23, 2020, the Company was granted a temporary exclusion from Section 301 tariffs, eliminating the tariffs on the Company s core speaker products imported from China until August 31, 2020. These exemptions entitled the Company to refunds for tariffs paid from September 2019 through December 2020. On August 28, 2020, the United States Trade Representative granted an extension through December 31, 2020 of the exclusion for the Company s core speaker products, with the Section 301 tariffs for our core speaker products automatically reinstated on January 1, 2021. On March 23, 2022, the Company was granted an exclusion extension from the Section 301 tariffs, eliminating tariffs on the Company s core speaker products, including certain new product introductions, imported from China from April 13, 2022 through December 31, 2022. This exemption entitled the Company to refunds for tariffs paid from October 12, 2021 through April 12, 2022. For fiscal 2023 and 2022, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, in refunds based upon acceptance of the Company's refund request, recognized as a reduction to cost of revenue. As of September 30, 2023, the remaining refunds the Company expected to recover were minimal for tariffs paid from September 2019 through December 2020, and from October 12, 2021 through April 12, 2022. The Company did not record these potential refunds due to uncertainty of the timing of acceptance of approval, but such refunds will be recognized as a reduction to cost of revenue if and when acceptance occurs. Guarantees and Indemnifications In the normal course of business, the Company enters into agreements that contain a variety of representations and warranties and provide for general indemnification. The Company s exposure under these agreements is unknown because it involves claims that may be made against the Company in the future, but have not yet been made. To date, the Company has not incurred material costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related to these indemnification provisions. The Company has also entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and officers that may require the Company to indemnify its directors and officers against liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law. The Company also currently has directors and officers insurance. No amount has been accrued in the consolidated financial statements with respect to these indemnification guarantees. 

Gross profit 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) per share - basic 

() 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) per share - diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Three Months Ended 

October 1, 2022 

July 2, 2022 

April 2, 2022 

January 1, 2022 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Revenue 

Gross profit 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) per share - basic 

() 

Net income (loss) per share - diluted 

() 

of the Company's employees, further reducing the Company s real estate footprint, and re-evaluation of certain program spend. Total pre-tax restructuring and abandonment costs under the 2023 restructuring plan were million, substantially all of which were incurred in the third quarter of fiscal 2023, with nominal amounts to be incurred through the first quarter of fiscal 2024. Additionally, in March 2023, in support of operational efficiencies, the Company abandoned portions of its office spaces for the remainder of their respective lease terms resulting in non-recurring abandonment charges of million. 

Lease abandonment charges 1 

Other restructuring costs 

Total restructuring and abandonment costs 

1 Restructuring and abandonment costs for fiscal 2023, include million of non-recurring lease abandonment charges that were incurred in March 2023, when the Company abandoned portions of its office spaces for the remainder of their respective lease terms in support of operational efficiencies. 

Sales and marketing 1 

General and administrative 1 

Total restructuring and abandonment costs 

1 Restructuring and abandonment costs for twelve months ended September 30, 2023, include accelerated depreciation for leasehold improvements and non-recurring write-offs for operating lease right-of-use assets that were incurred in March 2023, when the Company abandoned portions of its office spaces for the remainders of their respective lease terms in support of operational efficiencies. 

Cash paid 

() 

() 

() 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

million. 

 75 
 
 Table of contents 
 SONOS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreeme nts with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Contr ols and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as required under Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act as of September 30, 2023. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of September 30, 2023. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). 
 Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, with assistance from other members of management, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2023. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears in Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting in management's evaluation pursuant to Rule 13a-15(f) during the quarter ended September 30, 2023, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9 B. Other Information 
 , , , a trading plan intended to satisfy the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c). The plan provides that Mr. Genachowski may sell up to shares of common stock subject to options granted under our equity incentive plan. The plan terminates on the earlier of the date all shares under the plan are sold or 1) , with respect to shares of common stock subject to options granted in March 2015 and 2) , with respect to shares of common stock subject to options granted in November 2016. 

 Item 9C. Disclosure R egarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 76 
 
 Table of contents 
 SONOS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 PART I II 
 Item 10. Director s, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this item is included under the captions Board of Directors and Corporate Governance, Proposal One: Election of Directors, Executive Officers and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports included in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our year ended September 30, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item is included under the captions Board of Directors and Corporate Governance and Executive Compensation in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our year ended September 30, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 12. S ecurity Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item is included under the captions Equity Compensation Plan Information and Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our year ended September 30, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and R el ated Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is included under the captions Board of Directors and Corporate Governance and Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our year ended September 30, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 14. Prin c ipal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is included under the caption Proposal Two: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our year ended September 30, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 77 
 
 Table of contents 
 SONOS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 P ART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits , Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements 
 The information concerning Sonos consolidated financial statements and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm required by this Item 15(a)(1) is incorporated by reference herein to the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Part II, Item 8, titled Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted as the information is not required under the related instructions or is not applicable or because the information required is already included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes to those consolidated financial statements. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits 
 We have filed, or incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference, the exhibits listed on the accompanying Exhibit Index immediately preceding the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit Number 

Incorporated By Reference 
 
 Filed or Furnished Herewith 

Exhibit Title 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 

3.1 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-38603 
 
 3.1 
 
 9/11/2018 

3.2 
 
 Restated Bylaws 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-38603 
 
 3.2 
 
 9/11/2018 

4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-226076 
 
 4.01 
 
 7/6/2018 

4.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of July 18, 2012, by and among the Registrant and certain investors of the Registrant 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-226076 
 
 4.02 
 
 7/6/2018 

4.3 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-38603 
 
 4.3 
 
 11/26/19 

10.1+ 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into between Sonos, Inc. and each of its directors and executive officers 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-226076 
 
 10.01 
 
 7/6/2018 

10.2+ 
 
 2003 Stock Plan, as amended, and forms of agreement thereunder 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-226076 
 
 10.02 
 
 7/6/2018 

10.3+ 
 
 2018 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of agreement thereunder 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-38603 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/12/2021 

10.4+ 
 
 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and form of subscription agreement 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-226076 
 
 10.04 
 
 7/6/2018 

10.5+ 
 
 Offer Letter between Patrick Spence and the Registrant, dated May 25, 2012 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-226076 
 
 10.05 
 
 7/6/2018 

10.6 
 
 Manufacturing Agreement between Inventec Appliances Corporation and the Registrant, dated September 4, 2014, as amended 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-226076 
 
 10.08 
 
 7/6/2018 

78 
 
 Table of contents 
 SONOS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

10.7+ 
 
 Offer Letter between Nicholas Millington and the Registrant, dated February 27, 2003 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-38603 
 
 10.9 
 
 11/28/2018 

10.8+ 
 
 Offer Letter between Maxime Bouvat-Merlin and the Registrant dated June 23, 2016 

X 

10.9+ 
 
 Executive Incentive Plan 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-38603 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/7/2019 

10.10+ 
 
 Performance Share Award Agreement between Patrick Spence and the Registrant, dated May 28, 2020 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-38603 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/6/2020 

10.11+ 
 
 Offer Letter between Edward Lazarus and the Registrant, dated December 5, 2018 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-38603 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/6/2020 

10.12+ 
 
 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under 2018 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-38603 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/11/2021 

10.13+ 
 
 Offer Letter between Shamayne Braman and the Registrant dated August 20, 2021. 

X 

21.1 
 
 List of subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-226076 
 
 21.01 
 
 7/6/2018 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

X 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (incorporated by reference to the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 

X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

97+ 
 
 Sonos, Inc. Clawback Policy 

X 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 

X 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

X 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

X 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

X 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in the Exhibit 101 attachments) 

X 

Furnished and not filed. 
 79 
 
 Table of contents 
 SONOS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 + Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Confidential treatment has been granted with respect to portions of this exhibit. 
 Item 16. Fo rm 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 80 
 
 Table of contents 
 SONOS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Sonos, Inc. 

Date: November 20, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Patrick Spence 

Patrick Spence 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 20, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Eddie Lazarus 

Eddie Lazarus 

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Legal Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: November 20, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Chris Mason 

Chris Mason 

SVP, Finance and Chief Accounting Officer 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

81 
 
 Table of contents 
 SONOS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 POWER OF ATT ORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each individual whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Patrick Spence, Eddie Lazarus, Chris Mason, and each of them, such individual s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution, for such individual and in such individual s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as such individual might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done or by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Patrick Spence 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 November 20, 2023 

Patrick Spence 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Eddie Lazarus 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Legal Officer 
 
 November 20, 2023 

Eddie Lazarus 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Chris Mason 
 
 SVP, Finance and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 November 20, 2023 

Chris Mason 
 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Karen Boone 
 
 Director 
 
 November 20, 2023 

Karen Boone 

/s/ Joanna Coles 
 
 Director 
 
 November 20, 2023 

Joanna Coles 

/s/ Thomas Conrad 
 
 Director 
 
 November 20, 2023 

Thomas Conrad 

/s/ Julius Genachowski 
 
 Director and Chairperson of the Board of Directors 
 
 November 20, 2023 

Julius Genachowski 

/s/ Michelangelo Volpi 
 
 Director 
 
 November 20, 2023 

Michelangelo Volpi 

82 

<EX-10.8>
 2
 sono-ex10_8.htm
 EX-10.8

EX-10.8 

Exhibit 10.8 

June 23, 2016 
 
 Dear Max: 
 
 We re thrilled to offer you a position with Sonos! 
 
 In the exempt position of VP Hardware, you ll be based in our Santa Barbara office reporting to Nicholas Millington. 
 
 This letter outlines information related to your compensation and benefits. Attached to this letter is an Appendix, which describes additional material terms and conditions of your employment. You should read the letter and the Appendix carefully. 
 
 Base Salary 
 
 If you decide to join Sonos, you will be paid an initial annual base salary of 250 ,000 (your Base Salary ), which will be paid semi-monthly in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices as established or modified from time to time. Your Base Salary shall be subject to all of the required and elected taxes and withholdings. 
 
 Bonus Eligibility 
 
 You will be eligible to participate in the Sonos Bonus Plan, subject to the terms and condition of the Sonos Discretionary Bonus Plan (the Bonus Plan ). Currently, the target discretionary bonus award for non-sales positions is 15 of annual base salary. Please note that the discretionary bonus is not guaranteed. In addition, you must commence employment prior to June 30 to be eligible to receive a pro-rated bonus for the current fiscal year (which runs from October 1-September 30 ). Please see the Bonus Plan, which governs your eligibility for a discretionary bonus. 
 
 Equity Award 
 
 We have agreed that should you join Sonos, in addition to the cash compensation outlined above, you will receive an equity award (in the form of a stock option grant) with a projected value of 4,500 ,000 USD (referred to as your New Hire Win Value ). The New Hire Win Value is not a promise of a specified return, and the actual value of the option grant, if any, will depend on many different factors. 
 
 The New Hire Win Value will be translated into an option grant with the right to purchase a specific number of shares based on the fair market value FMV of Sonos common stock as of the date at time of grant. The option grant will be approved, and the strike price established, by the Sonos Board of Directors at their first meeting following your employment start date. 25 of the shares subject to the option grant will vest 12 months after the date your vesting begins, subject to your continuing employment with Sonos. The remaining shares will vest monthly over the next 36 months in equal monthly amounts, subject to your continuing employment with Sonos. The option grant will be subject to the terms and conditions of Sonos' Stock Option Plan and Stock Option Agreement. 
 
 Sign On Bonus 
 
 In addition, we are pleased to offer you a one-time sign on bonus of 25,000 to be paid out concurrent with your first paycheck or direct deposit, subject to your execution of the Company s Sign On Bonus Repayment Agreement and the terms and conditions outlined therein. 
 
 Relocation 
 
 We will reimburse your reasonable and approved out-of-pocket moving expenses, such as moving costs, temporary housing, etc., up to a total maximum of 15,000 , subject to your execution of the Relocation Agreement, the terms and conditions outlined therein, the Company s Relocation Policy, and applicable IRS rules. 
 
 Benefits 
 
 Regular full-time employees working 30 or more hours per week will be eligible to receive benefits that are provided to U.S. employees. These presently include benefits such as life and health (medical, dental and vision) insurance, paid time off, a 401(k) plan, and tuition reimbursement. For a more detailed understanding of the benefits and the eligibility requirements, please consult the summary plan descriptions for the programs and Sonos Employee Handbook, which will be made available to you during your new hire orientation. Sonos reserves the right to discontinue, suspend, or to modify such plans, programs and practices. 
 
 Important Terms and Conditions of Employment 
 
 There are several important terms and conditions of employment at Sonos of which you should be aware. These terms, which are explained in the attached Appendix, generally apply to all U.S. employees of Sonos in the same manner as they will apply to you. This offer of at-will employment is expressly conditioned upon the terms outlined in the Appendix, including, among other things, a satisfactory background check and your execution of the Employee Agreement and the Arbitration Agreement. 

Please accept t his of f er (including all terms out lined in t he Appendix) by signing and dating below no later 
 than June 24 , 2016. If you accept our offer, we anticipate that your first day of employment would be July 18, 2016. In accepting this offer of employment, you represent and warrant that you are not relying upon any representation or statement except those terms set forth in this letter. You acknowledge that this letter supersedes all prior representations regarding the terms and condition of your employment. 
 
 We look forward to having you join us as we lead the music-listening revolution. 
 Sincerely, 
 /s/ John MacFarlane 
 
 John MacFarlane 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Please countersign: 
 
 I have read, understand and accept this offer of at will employment, including the attached Appendix, which I understand is the Company s entire offer to me. 

Signature: /s/ Max Bouvat-Merlin 

Date: June 23, 2016 Enclosures: 
 Sign On Bonus Repayment Agreement Relocation Agreement Policy 

Appendix of Important Terms And Conditions of Employment 
 
 At -Will Employment 
 
 Your employment shall be on an at-will basis. As an at-will employee, either you or the Company can terminate your employment at any time and for any reason or no reason, with or without prior notice. As a result, nothing in this offer letter is a promise or guarantee of employment for any specific period of time or continued employment. Any contrary representations, which may have been made to you, are superseded by this letter. The Company also retains the right to make all other decisions concerning your employment (e.g., changes to your position, title, level, responsibilities, compensation, job duties, reporting structure, work location, work schedule, goals or any other managerial decisions) at any time, with or without cause or advance notice, as it deems appropriate in its sole discretion. Although your job duties, title, compensation and benefits, as well as the Company s personnel policies and procedures, may change from time to time, the at will nature of your employment may only be changed in an express written agreement signed by you and a duly authorized officer of the Company. 
 
 Employee Agreement And Arbitration Agreement 
 
 As a condition of your employment, you will need to sign and comply with the enclosed At Will Employment, Confidential Information, and Invention Assignment Agreement (the Employee Agreement and Arbitration Agreement. The Employee Agreement requires, among other provisions, the assignment of intellectual property rights to Sonos and non disclosure of 
 Company proprietary information. The Arbitration Agreement includes an arbitration provision and specifies the procedures to be followed in the event of any dispute or claim relating to or arising out of our employment relationship. Please return a signed copy of the Employee Agreement and the Arbitration Agreement (which are enclosed) to me with your signed acceptance of this offer. You acknowledge and agree that the Employee Agreement and the Arbitration Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any change in your position, compensation or any other term and conditions of your employment with the Company in accordance with the terms contained therein. 
 
 No Conflicting Agreement 
 
 By accepting your offer of employment, you represent and warrant that your employment with Sonos and the performance by you of your duties as a Sonos employee do not and will not breach or contravene: (i) any agreement or contract (including, without limitation, any employment or consulting agreement, any agreement not to compete or any confidentiality or nondisclosure agreement) to which you are a party; or (ii) any obligation you may otherwise have under applicable law to any former employer or to any person to whom you have provided consulting services. You further represent and warrant that you have delivered or disclosed, as the case may be, to Sonos all agreements, contracts and obligations relevant to clauses (i) and (ii) above. You agree not to bring any third party confidential information to Sonos, including that of your former employer, and that in performing your duties for Sonos you will not in any way utilize any such information. 
 
 Background Check 
 
 Sonos reserves the right to conduct background investigations and/or reference checks on all of its potential employees prior to hire and during employment. This offer of employment may be rescinded at any time in the event of unsatisfactory background investigation and/or reference check results. If required by law, you will receive a disclosure regarding the nature and scope of the background check Sonos plans to conduct on you and a consent form to authorize Sonos to conduct such background check under separate cover. 
 
 Compliance with Company Standards; Cooperation 
 
 As a Company employee, you will be expected to abide by Sonos' policies, rules and standards of conduct, as well as your 
 Employee Agreement. To this end, Sonos expects you to comply at all times with the Company s standards of professionalism, loyalty, integrity, honesty, reliability and respect for others. To ensure ongoing compliance, after receipt, you will sign and deliver to Sonos acknowledgement of receipt forms for any policy statements provided to you, as well as periodic forms to certify your continuing full compliance with the Company s policies. You also will comply at all times with all laws and regulations applicable to the Company s business and performance of your duties for the Company. 
 You also agree that, during the term of your employment with the Company and at all times thereafter, upon reasonable request, you will fully cooperate with the Company and/or its representatives, without additional compensation, concerning any business matters or disputes of any kind about which you have, or may have, any relevant information. 

Sonos, Inc. 
 
 Sign On Bonus Repayment Agreement 
 
 This Sign On Bonus Repayment Agreement (the Agreement is entered into on June 23, 2016 by and between Max Bouvat- Merlin (the Employee and Sonos, Inc. (the Company ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company seeks to employ the Employee as per the terms of the offer letter presented in conjunction with this Agreement (the Offer Letter ); 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company seeks to provide the Employee with additional financial incentive in the form of a sign on bonus as set forth in the Offer Letter to join the Company and to remain employed with the Company for at least twelve months; and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Employee acknowledges and agrees that the Sign On Bonus (as defined below) is not earned by him/her until he/she has been employed by the Company for at least twelve months and acknowledges and agrees that he/she will repay the Sign On Bonus advanced to him/her under this Agreement in the event that his/her employment with the Company is terminated: 
 (i) by the Employee for any reason or (ii) by the Company for Cause (as defined below), within the twelve-month period following the commencement of his/her employment with the Company, as further described herein. 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the Employee and the Company agree as follows: 
 
 1. Sign On Bonus . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Section 2 below, the Company agrees to advance to the 

Employee a sign on bonus in the amount outlined in the offer letter (the Sign On Bonus ), which shall be paid on the first payday following the commencement of the Employee s employment with the Company. The Employee acknowledges and agrees that the Sign On Bonus will not be due and payable to him/her until he/she has been employed by the Company for at least twelve 
 months. This Sign On Bonus shall be subject to all applicable taxes and withholdings. 
 
 2. Repayment Obligation Upon Termination by Employee For Any Reason or Termination by Company for Cause. The Employee acknowledges and agrees that, in the event that his/her employment with the Company is terminated by Employee for any reason or by the Company for Cause within the twelve-month period following the commencement of his/her employment, he/she will immediately repay the Sign On Bonus advanced by the Company. The Employee agrees that he/she shall pay all of the payments owed under this Section in cash or by certified check on or before the date of termination from employment. If the Employee remains employed with the Company for more than twelve months and/or if the Company terminates Employee s employment for any reason other than Cause, then the Employee will not be obligated to repay the Sign On Bonus advanced by the company upon the Employee s termination from employment. For purposes of this Agreement, termination shall be considered for Cause if Employee s employment is terminated for one or more of the following reasons: (i) failure to perform the duties and/or responsibilities on behalf of the Company, which continues uncured for the period of ten calendar days following his/her receipt of written notice from the Company; (ii) commission of or indictment for, or plea of no contest to, a felony or crime of moral turpitude; (iii) misconduct or disloyalty, deliberate dishonesty or breach of fiduciary duty to the Company; (iv) commission of an act of embezzlement, fraud or deliberate disregard of the rules or policies of the Company; (v) unauthorized disclosure,misappropriation or use of any trade secret or confidential information of the Company; (vi) the commission of an act which constitutes material unfair competition with the Company; (vii) breach of any written agreement between you and the Company, including the At Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment and Arbitration Agreement. 

1. Authorization To Deduct From Wages . The Employee further agrees that, if the Employee fails to pay the Company the full amount of the Sign On Bonus on or before his/her termination date in accordance his/her obligations under Section 2, the Company is hereby authorized, to the extent permitted by local law, to deduct all amounts owed to the Company under this 

Agreement from any and all payments due to him/her by the Company at the time of termination, including without limitation, any unreimbursed business expenses, accrued but unused vacation pay, his/her final wages, earned commissions, and bonus 
 payments. To this end, Employee agrees to execute a form, to be prepared by the Company, authorizing the Company to withhold the specific amount that is due. 
 
 2. At-Will Employment . The Employee understands that this Agreement does not create an obligation on the Company to continue his/her employment. The Employee understands that his/her employment with the Company is and will continue to be at-will, 

meaning that either the Employee or the Company may terminate his/her employment at any time and for any or no reason. Accordingly, nothing in this Agreement should be construed to be a guarantee of continued employment for twelve months. 
 
 3. Modifications. Any amendment to or modification of this Agreement, or any waiver of any provision hereof, shall be in writing and signed by the Company. Any waiver by the Company of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach hereof. 

4. Legal Fees . Should the Company prevail in any action against the Employee to enforce the terms of this Agreement, the Employee acknowledges and agrees that he/she shall be responsible for the payment of the Company s legal fees and costs, including reasonable attorney s fees. 

5. Consent. The Employee represent s t hat he/she has read t he foregoing agreement , t hat he/she fully understands the terms and conditions of the Agreement and is voluntarily executing the same. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Agreement as a sealed instrument as of the date written below. 
 
 ACCEPTED AND AGREED : 
 Employee: Max Bouvat-Merlin 
 
 /s/ Max Bouvat-Merlin 
 
 Date: June 23, 2016 

Sonos, Inc. 
 
 /s/ John MacFarlane 
 
 John MacFarlane 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Sonos Relocation Policy 
 
 Our Philosophy 
 We want to make your move as easy as possible. Understanding that every move is unique, we offer a relocation allowance tailored towards your specific needs. Our goal is to ensure you use this allowance in the most meaningful and valuable way to cover your reasonable out-of- pocket moving expenses. 
 
 Eligibility 
 All employees who accept an offer or transfer offer to work at a Sonos location greater than 50 miles away from their current residence are eligible to receive a relocation allowance. We anticipate employees can complete their move within 12 calendar months of their official transfer or hire date. We understand that exceptions may apply and we can review situations that do not meet these guidelines and request relocation exceptions as needed. Refer to the IRS Moving Expenses Guide for more information and specific rules on reimbursement eligibility. 
 
 What We Offer 
 We offer a relocation reimbursement allowance to cover reasonable out-of-pocket moving expenses, some of which are taxable and may be grossed up in accordance with IRS regulations. Please see below for types of expenses that may qualify for 
 reimbursement. 
 House Hunting Trip 
 Includes transportation, lodging, area tour and realtor consultation. We expect you will only need one trip, the duration of which is to be discussed between you, your manager, and your HR Partner. We understand that exceptions may apply and can review those situations as needed. Note, these payments may be considered a taxable expense if this trip is separate from your one travel trip to your new home. 
 Relocation of Household Goods 
 Includes reimbursement of storage fees, shipment of personal goods, vehicles, movers and related insurance coverage. Miscellaneous Expenses 
 Includes assistance for costs incurred during the move, including temporary housing, lease cancelations, utility costs for service hookups and related service charges. 
 
 Execution of Relocation Agreement /Repayment Terms 
 
 To qualify for relocation expense reimbursement, an employee must execute a Relocation Agreement and return a signed copy of the Agreement to HR. Under the Relocation Agreement, the employee agrees that if he/she terminates his/her employment for any reason or if the Company terminates Employee s employment for Cause (as defined in the Agreement) at any time on or prior to the one-year anniversary of the date Employee commences his/her employment at the office to which he/she was assigned/transferred, he/she will immediately repay the Relocation Expenses paid by the Company. The employee also agrees that if he/she fails to repay this amount prior to the termination date, the Company may deduct any unpaid amount from the 
 employee s final wages, expense reimbursement, unpaid bonuses, etc., to the extent permitted by law. 

Types of Expenses 
 The IRS recognizes two types of relocation Expenses; Deductible and Non-deductible. Any relocation expense that could be considered a deductible expense is not taxed and is reimbursed via Sonos payroll. This amount is deducted from your relocation allowance. Any relocation expense that would be considered a non-deductible expense is grossed up to reflect the appropriate taxes, Sonos then pays any applicable taxes and the net amount is reimbursed via Sonos payroll. The net amount is what is deducted from your relocation allowance. (These are subject to the most updated IRS Moving Expenses Guide.) 
 Nontaxable 
 
 Move of personal goods, including the cost to ship your car and your household pets to your new home 

Utility costs for service hookups related service charges 

Temporary housing (first month) 

Storage expenses (first month) 

One travel trip to your new home (1 trip per employee 1 trip per employee's dependents) 

Use of personal vehicle at the rate .19 per mile 

Taxable 
 
 Expenses of buying or selling a home (including closing costs, mortgage fees, and points) 

Return trips to your former residence 

Lease cancellations Furniture 

Driver's license 

Temporary housing and storage expenses (after 1st month) 

Meals 

Personal Services 

How to Submit Expenses 
 Submit a completed expense report with all original receipts to hr@sonos.com . If you have a company credit card, please do not charge any relocation expenses to that card as these expenses must be reimbursed via Payroll. We are here to help and ensure your move is as easy as possible. Reach out to your HR Business Partner for any questions. 
 
 409A Notice 
 
 It is intended that any expense reimbursement made per this Policy shall be exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended Section 409A ). 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any expense reimbursement made under this policy shall be determined to be deferred compensation 
 within the meaning of Section 409A, then (i) the amount of the indemnification payment or expense reimbursement during one taxable year shall not affect the amount of the expense reimbursement during any other taxable year, (ii) the expense 
 reimbursement shall be made on or before the last day of your taxable year following the year in which the expense was incurred and (iii) the right to expense reimbursement hereunder shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 
 SIgnature : /s/ Max Bouvat-Merlin 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.13>
 3
 sono-ex10_13.htm
 EX-10.13

EX-10.13 

Exhibit 10.13 

08/20/2021 
 
 Dear Shamayne, 
 
 We're thrilled to offer you a position with Sonos! 
 
 In the exempt position of Chief Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Officer you'll be based in our Remote- US Minnesota office reporting to Patrick Spence. 
 
 This letter outlines information related to your compensation and benefits. Attached to this letter is an Addendum A which contains the Employee Agreement . The Employee Agreement describes additional material terms and conditions of your employment. You should read this offer letter and the attached Employee Agreement carefully. 
 
 Base Salary 
 If you decide to join Sonos, you will be paid an initial annual salary of 300,000.00(your Base Salary ), which will be paid bi-weekly in accordance with Sonos normal payroll practices as established or modified from time to time. Your Base Salary shall be subject to all of the required and elected deductions, taxes and withholdings. 
 
 Bonus Eligibility 
 You will also be eligible for a discretionary target 35 bonus of your annual base salary, which is based solely on the company s performance against its annual target for revenue growth and operating profit.In addition, you must commence employment prior to August 31 to be eligible to receive a pro-rated discretionary bonus for the current fiscal year which runs October to September and, in any case, you must remain employed by Sonos through the actual payment date to be eligible to receive any bonus payment. Sonos reserves the right to change its discretionary bonus criteria from time to time in Sonos' sole discretion. 
 
 Equity Award 
 If you decide to join Sonos, it will be recommended that the Compensation Committee (the Committee of Sonos' Board of Directors grant you restricted stock units RSUs settleable in shares of Sonos Common Stock. Subject to approval by the Committee, the grant of RSUs will give you the right to receive shares of Common Stock in an aggregate value of up to 650,000.00, as determined by the Committee on the date of grant. 
 The Company currently intends that the number of RSUs will be determined by dividing 650,000.00 by the average closing price of Sonos Common Stock over all trading days over the 30 calendar days immediately preceding the grant date. 
 The RSUs will vest as follows: 25 of the RSUs will vest 12 months after your grant date, subject to your continuing employment with Sonos on such vesting date. The remaining RSUs will vest quarterly over the next three years in equal quarterly installments, in each case, however, subject to your continuing employment with Sonos on each such vesting date. 
 The RSU grant will be subject to the terms and conditions of Sonos' 2018 Equity Incentive Plan and Sonos standard forms of award agreements thereunder. 
 
 Benefits 
 
 Regular full-time employees working 20 or more hours per week will be eligible to receive benefits that are provided to U.S. employees. These presently include benefits such as life and health (medical, dental vision) insurance, paid time off, and a 401(k) plan. For a more detailed understanding of the benefits and the eligibility requirements, please consult the summary plan descriptions for the programs and Sonos Employee Handbook, which will be made available to you during your new hire orientation. Sonos reserves the right to discontinue, suspend, or to modify such plans, programs and practices at any time in Sonos sole discretion. 
 
 Important Terms and Conditions of Employment 
 There are several important terms and conditions of employment at Sonos of which you should be aware. These terms, which are explained in the attached Employee Agreement, generally apply to all U.S. employees of Sonos in the same manner as they will apply to you. This offer of at-will employment is expressly conditioned upon a satisfactory background check, and your acceptance and execution of both the Employee Agreement and Arbitration Agreement (respectively attached as Addendum A and B). 

Please accept this offer by signing and dating below no later than [ 8/27/2021 ] . If you accept our offer, we anticipate that your first day of employment would be 10/04/2021. In accepting this offer of employment, you represent and warrant that you are not relying upon any representation or statement except those terms set forth in this letter. You acknowledge that this letter supersedes all prior representations regarding the terms and condition of your employment. 
 We look forward to having you join us as we lead the music-listening revolution. 
 
 Signature: /s/ Shamayne Braman 
 
 Date: August 21, 2021 

Sonos, Inc. 
 /s/ Patrick Spence 
 Patrick Spence 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Addendum A 
 
 Employee Agreement 
 (At Will Employment, Confidential Information, and Invention Assignment Agreement) 
 
 As a condition of your employment with Sonos, Inc., its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors or assigns (collectively, Sonos ), and in consideration of your employment with Sonos and your receipt of the compensation now and hereafter paid to you by Sonos,you agree to the following terms and conditions outlined in this At Will Employment, Confidential Information, and Invention Assignment Agreement Employee Agreement ). This Employee Agreement shall be effective as of the date you sign below. Terms not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the accompanying offer letter. 
 
 1. Specifics of Employment. 

A. At Will Employment . Your employment shall be on an at-will basis. As an at-will employee, either you or Sonos can terminate your employment at any time and for any reason or no reason, with or without prior notice. As a result, nothing in the offer letter (including the Addendum(s) is a promise or guarantee of employment for any specific period of time or continued employment. Any contrary representations, which may have been made to you, are superseded by this Employee Agreement. Sonos also retains the right to make all other decisions concerning your employment (e.g., changes to your position, title, level, responsibilities, compensation, job duties, reporting structure, work location, work schedule, goals or any other managerial decisions) at any time, with or without cause or advance notice, as it deems appropriate in its sole discretion. Although your job duties, title, compensation and benefits, as well as Sonos personnel policies and procedures, may change from time to time, the at will nature of your employment may only be changed in an express written agreement signed by you and a duly authorized officer of Sonos. 

By signing this employment agreement, you understand and acknowledge that your employment with Sonos is for an unspecified duration and constitutes at-will employment. You also understand that any representation to the contrary is unauthorized and not valid unless obtained in writing and signed by the chief executive officer of Sonos. You acknowledge that this employment relationship may be terminated at any time,with or without good cause or for any or no cause, at the option either of Sonos or yourself, with or without notice. 
 
 B. Compliance with Sonos Standards; Cooperation. As a Sonos employee, you will be expected to abide by Sonos' policies, rules and standards of conduct outlined in the Employee Handbook, as well as this Employee Agreement. To this end, Sonos expects you to comply at all times with Sonos policies, including without limitation standards of professionalism, respect for others, data security policy, facilities and IT systems policies, and Sonos Purchasing Policy.All relevant policies shall be provided to you following your start date. You may be required to acknowledge receipt of and intended compliance with any such policy statements provided to you. 

You additionally represent and warrant that you shall observe and comply with all applicable laws, ordinances, codes and regulations of governmental agencies, including federal, provincial, state, municipal and local governing bodies, in performing your employment duties hereunder. You also agree that,during the term of your employment with Sonos and at all times thereafter, upon reasonable request,you will fully cooperate with Sonos and/or its representatives, without additional compensation, concerning any business matters or disputes of any kind about which you have, or may have, any relevant information. 
 C. Background Check. Sonos reserves the right to conduct background investigations and/or reference checks on all of its potential employees prior to hire and during employment. The offer of employment may be rescinded at any time in the event of unsatisfactory background investigation and/or reference check results. If required by law, you will receive a disclosure regarding the nature and scope of the background check Sonos plans to conduct on you and a consent form to authorize Sonos to conduct such background check under separate cover. 

2. Confidential Information. 

A. Sonos Confidential Information . You agree at all times during your employment and thereafter, to hold in strictest confidence, and not to use (except for the benefit of Sonos), and not to disclose to any person, firm or corporation without written authorization of the Board of Directors of Sonos, any Confidential Information of Sonos, except under a non- disclosure agreement with a third party duly authorized and executed by Sonos. you understand that Confidential Information shall mean any and all confidential and/or proprietary knowledge, data or information of Sonos, its affiliates, parents and subsidiaries, whether having existed, now existing, or to be developed during your employment. By way of 

illustration but not limitation, Confidential Information includes: (a) trade secrets, inventions, mask works, ideas, processes, formulas, source and object codes, data, programs, other works of authorship, know-how, improvements, discoveries, developments, designs and techniques and any other proprietary technology and all patents, copyrights and/or other proprietary rights therein; (b) information regarding research, development, new products, marketing and selling, business plans, budgets and unpublished financial statements, licenses, prices and costs, margins, discounts, credit terms, pricing and billing policies, quoting procedures, methods of obtaining business, forecasts, future plans and potential strategies, financial projections and business strategies, operational plans, financing and capital-raising plans, activities and agreements, internal services and operational manuals, methods of conducting Sonos business, suppliers and supplier information, and purchasing; (c) information regarding customers and potential customers of Sonos, including customer lists, names, representatives, their needs or desires with respect to the types of products or services offered by Sonos, proposals, bids, contracts and their contents and parties, the type and quantity of products and services provided or sought to be provided to customers and potential customers of Sonos and other non-public information relating to customers and potential customers; (d) information regarding any of Sonos business partners and their services, including names; representatives, proposals, bids, contracts and their contents and parties, the type and quantity of products and services received by Sonos, and other non-public information relating to business partners; (e) information regarding personnel, contractors, employee lists, compensation, and employee and contractor skills; and (f) any other non-public information which a competitor of Sonos could use to the competitive disadvantage of Sonos. Confidential Information shall not include information that: (1) is or becomes a matter of public knowledge through no fault of yours or without violation of any duty of confidentiality by you; or (2) is rightfully received by you from a third party without a duty of confidentiality. Further, nothing in this Employee Agreement shall prohibit you from discussing the terms and conditions of my employment with others to the extent expressly permitted by Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act. 

B. Former Employer Information . You agree that you will not, during your employment with Sonos, improperly use or disclose any proprietary information or trade secrets of any former employer or other person or entity and that you will not bring onto the premises of Sonos any unpublished document or proprietary information belonging to any such employer, person or entity unless consented to in writing by such employer, person or entity. 

C. Third Party Information . You recognize that Sonos has received and in the future will receive from third parties their confidential or proprietary information subject to a duty on Sonos part to maintain the confidentiality of such information and to use it only for certain limited purposes. You agree to hold all such confidential or proprietary information in the strictest confidence and not to disclose it to any person, firm or corporation or to use it except as necessary in carrying out your work for Sonos consistent with Sonos agreement with such third party. 

3. Inventions. 

A. Inventions Retained and Licensed . Upon signing the Employee Agreement, you will be prompted to review a separate attachment titled List of Prior Inventions where you will list all inventions, original works of authorship, developments, improvements, and trade secrets which were made by you prior to your employment with Sonos, which belong to (or are otherwise controlled by) you (collectively referred to as Prior Inventions ), and which you do not wish to be assigned to Sonos hereunder; or, if no such list is outlined,you represent that there are no such Prior Inventions. Upon signing the Employee Agreement, the List of Prior Inventions will be provided electronically as a separate attachment. If, during your employment with Sonos, you incorporate into a Sonos product, process or service a Prior Invention, you hereby grant to Sonos a nonexclusive, royalty-free, fully paid- up, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide license to make, have made, modify, use and sell such Prior Invention as part of or in connection with such product, process or service, and to practice any method related thereto. 

B. Assignment of Inventions . You agree that you will promptly make full written disclosure to Sonos,and will hold in trust for the sole right and benefit of Sonos, or its designee, all my right, title, and interest in and to any and all inventions, original works of authorship, developments, concepts, improvements, designs, discoveries, ideas, algorithms, databases, computer programs, formulae, techniques, graphics or images, audio or visual works, trademarks or trade secrets, in each case whether or not patentable or registrable under copyright or similar laws, which you may solely or jointly conceive or develop or reduce to practice, or cause to be conceived or developed or reduced to practice, during the period of time you are in the employ of Sonos (collectively referred to as Inventions ), except as provided in Section 3.E below. You further acknowledge that all Inventions which are made by you (solely or jointly with others) within the scope of and during the period of your employment with Sonos and which are protectable by copyright are works made for hire, as that term is defined in the United States Copyright Act and other intellectual property laws, and you hereby do assign and transfer and, to the extent any such assignment cannot be made at present, will assign and transfer, to Sonos and its successors and assigns, without further compensation, all of your right, title and interest in all such Inventions, and all related patents, patent applications, trademarks and trademark applications, copyrights and copyright applications, and other intellectual property rights in all countries and territories worldwide and under any international conventions (collectively, Intellectual Property Rights ). You understand and agree that the decision whether or not to commercialize or market any invention 

developed by you solely or jointly with others is within Sonos sole discretion and for Sonos sole benefit and that no royalty will be due to you as a result of Sonos efforts to commercialize or market any such Invention. Further, you hereby waive all claims to any moral rights or other special rights which you may have or accrue in any Inventions or Intellectual Property Rights. 

C. Maintenance of Records . You agree to keep and maintain adequate and current written records of and documentation underlying all Inventions made by you (solely or jointly with others) during the term of your employment with Sonos. The records will be in the form of notes,sketches, drawings, and any other format that may be specified by Sonos. The records will be available to and remain the sole property of Sonos at all times. 

D. Patent and Copyright Registrations . You agree to assist Sonos, or its designee, at Sonos expense, in every proper way to secure Sonos rights in the Inventions and any copyrights, patents, mask work rights or other intellectual property rights relating thereto in any and all countries, including the disclosure to Sonos of all pertinent information and data with respect thereto, the execution of all applications, specifications, oaths, assignments and all other instruments which Sonos shall deem necessary in order to apply for and obtain such rights and in order to assign and convey to Sonos, its successors, assigns,and nominees the sole and exclusive rights, title and interest in and to such Inventions or Intellectual Property Rights relating thereto. You further agree that your obligation to execute or cause to be executed, when it is in your power to do so, any such instrument or papers shall continue after the termination of this Employee Agreement and/or your employment with Sonos. If Sonos is unable because of your mental or physical incapacity or for any other reason to secure your signature to apply for or to pursue any application for any United States or foreign patents or copyright registrations covering Inventions assigned to Sonos as above, then you hereby irrevocably designate and appoint Sonos and its duly authorized officers and agents as your agent and attorney in fact, to act for and in your behalf and stead to execute and file any such applications and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and issuance of letters patent or copyright registrations thereon with the same legal force and effect as if executed by you. 

E. Exception to Assignments . You understand that the provisions of this Employee Agreement requiring assignment of Inventions to Sonos do not apply to any invention that you developed entirely on my own time without using Sonos equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secrets, except for those inventions that either (i) relate to Sonos actual or anticipated business, research or development, or (ii) result from or are connected with work performed by you for Sonos.Specifically, you understand that my agreement to assign Inventions does not apply to any invention which qualifies fully for protection from assignment to Sonos under the provisions of California Labor Code Section 2870 or Washington state law as set forth in the Revised Code of Washington 49.44.140 (the text of which are attached hereto as Exhibit A or any other similar applicable federal or state law related to the assignment of employee inventions (collectively, the Excluded Inventions Laws ). You will advise Sonos promptly in writing of any inventions that You believe are excluded from assignment by virtue of meeting the criteria in California Labor Code Section 2870, the Revised Code of Washington 49.44.140 or any other applicable Excluded Inventions Law and are not otherwise disclosed on the List of Inventions. 

F. Obligation to Keep Sonos Informed About Post-Employment Inventions/Intellectual Property Rights. For the six-month period following the termination of my employment from Sonos, you agree that you will promptly disclose to Sonos fully and in writing all inventions, original works of authorship, developments, concepts, improvements, designs, discoveries, ideas, algorithms, databases, computer programs, formulae, techniques, graphics or images, audio or visual works, inventions authored, conceived or reduced to practice by me, either alone or jointly with others (the Post-Employment Inventions and/or all United States or foreign patent, copyright or other intellectual property right(s) filed by you (solely or with others) and/or on my behalf (the Post- Employment Intellectual Property Rights if such intellectual property or Intellectual Property Rights related to products or projects on which you worked or to which you had access during your Sonos employment. You agree that Sonos will have the right to request information from you related to the Post-Employment Inventions or Post-Employment Intellectual Property Rights (including, information related to the date of conception and/or implementation) for purposes of determining whether the Post-Employment Invention at issue uses, is derived from, and/or otherwise misappropriates Sonos trade secrets and/or Confidential Information and/or was developed during your Sonos employment and/or using Sonos property. Nothing herein limits Sonos right to pursue all remedies to protect its intellectual property. Sonos will keep in confidence and will not use for any purpose or disclose to third parties without your consent any confidential information disclosed in writing to Sonos pursuant to this subparagraph. 

G. Use of Image of Likeness. You authorize Sonos to use your name, picture, voice, image and/or likeness during your employment by Sonos and at any time thereafter. Further, you waive all claims you may now have or may ever have against Sonos and its officers, directors, employees and agents arising out of Sonos use, adaptation, reproduction, modification, distribution, exhibition or other commercial exploitation of your name, picture, signature, voice, image and/or likeness, including, but not limited to right of privacy, right of publicity and celebrity, use of voice, name or likeness and copyright infringement. 

4. Conflicts. 

A. Conflicting Employment. You agree that,during the term of your employment with Sonos, you will not engage in any other employment, occupation or consulting directly related to the business in which Sonos is now involved or becomes involved during the term of your employment, nor will you engage in any other activities that conflict with your obligations to Sonos. 

B. Conflicting Obligations. By accepting your offer of employment, you represent and warrant that your employment with Sonos and the performance by you of your duties as a Sonos employee do not and will not breach or contravene: (i) any agreement or contract (including, without limitation, any employment or consulting agreement, any agreement not to compete, or any confidentiality or nondisclosure agreement) to which you are a party; or (ii) any obligation you may otherwise have under applicable law to any former employer or to any person to whom you have provided consulting services. You further represent and warrant that you have disclosed to Sonos the details of all agreements, contracts and/or obligations relevant to clauses (i) and (ii) above. 

5. Returning Company Documents. You agree that, at the time of leaving the employ of Sonos (or earlier, if requested), You will deliver to Sonos (and will not keep in my possession, recreate or deliver to anyone else) any and all devices, records, data, notes, reports, proposals, lists, correspondence, emails, specifications, drawings blueprints, sketches, materials, equipment, other documents or property, or reproductions of any aforementioned items (including electronic copies) developed by you pursuant to you employment with Sonos or otherwise belonging to Sonos, its successors or assigns, including, without limitation, those records maintained pursuant to paragraph 3.C . 

6. Notification of New Employer. If you leave the employ of Sonos, you hereby grant consent to notification by Sonos to your new employer about your obligations under this Employee Agreement. If you were offered employment or the opportunity to enter into any business venture as owner, partner, consultant or other capacity, you agree to inform your potential employer, partner, co-owner and/or others involved managing the business with which you have an opportunity to be associated of your obligations under this Employee Agreement and also agree to provide such person or persons with a copy of this Employee Agreement (if so requested). 

7. No Expectation of Privacy. You acknowledge and agree that you do not have any privacy interest in any items or material stored on Sonos premises or property, including without limitation any files or data stored on Sonos computers, network and/or phones (including cell phones), such as email, pictures or documents, whether in an active state, or obtained from restored backups, and regardless of whether such files or data had previously been deleted by me. Without limiting the foregoing, you further acknowledge that the full contents of you email and stored data may be made known to or disclosed to other Sonos employees as required in the normal course of Sonos operations, both during and after your employment with Sonos. You authorize Sonos to monitor communications made by you using Sonos property, facilities and resources, and the right to search and enter all areas of Sonos premises, including any locked desks or drawers. You also authorize Sonos to search any of your personal computers, personal cell phones or other electronic or storage devices to the extent such devices are used by you: (i) to store or transmit Confidential Information; or (ii) to discharge your duties or conduct business on behalf of Sonos. 

8. Remedies. 

A. Equitable Relief. You understand that if You violate the terms of this Employee Agreement while You are employed by Sonos, you will be subject to disciplinary action up to and including discharge from your employment. You further agree and acknowledge that the non-disclosure and assignment of Invention covenants and undertakings in Sections 2 and 3 of this Employee Agreement relate to matters that are of a special, unique and extraordinary character and that a violation or breach of any of the restrictive covenants or assignment clauses in this Employee Agreement will cause irreparable harm to Sonos, the full amount of which will be impossible to estimate or determine and which cannot be adequately compensated. For that reason, you agree that if you breach any of your confidentiality or assignment obligations under this Employee Agreement, monetary compensation shall be inadequate to compensate Sonos for such breach.You therefore agree that, in the event of a breach or threatened breach of the confidentiality and/or assignment of Invention obligations by you, Sonos is entitled, in addition to any of the other rights, remedies or damages available to Sonos, to a temporary restraining order, a preliminary injunction and a permanent injunction in order to prevent or to restrain any breach or threatened breach by you or any of your partners, co-venturers, employers, employees, agents, representatives or any other persons directly or indirectly acting for you. Sonos may apply for such injunctive relief in any court of competent jurisdiction without the necessity of posting any bond or other security. 

B. Reimbursement. You agree to reimburse Sonos for any costs resulting from or related to any claims, liabilities and damages arising from any claim brought against Sonos by a former employer(s) alleging that you are in breach of any legal obligations that you owe to any former employer(s). If such a claim is started against Sonos then Sonos shall have the option, exercisable in its sole discretion, to terminate your employment immediately, consistent with the at-will nature of our relationship. 

C. Attorneys Fees. If you breach this Employee Agreement, you agree that Sonos, if the prevailing party, shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys fees and costs, to the extent such recovery is not prohibited by law. This remedy shall be in addition to, and not as an alternative to, any other remedies at law or in equity available to Sonos. 

9. General Provisions. 

A. Governing Law. This Employee Agreement shall be governed by and construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the state in which you are employed by Sonos, without regard to its conflict of laws. 

B. Arbitration Agreement/Venue/Jury Waiver. You acknowledge that you have executed an Arbitration Agreement contemporaneously with this Employee Agreement and agree that the Arbitration Agreement shall govern whether a particular dispute must be submitted to arbitration or may proceed in the courts. As set forth in the Arbitration Agreement and as reaffirmed herein, Sonos and you agree that any claims for equitable relief or declaratory judgment by either Sonos or you arising out of the non-disclosure or assignment of Inventions provisions set forth in Sections 2 and 3 of this Employee Agreement are expressly excluded from the agreement to arbitrate certain claims as provided in the Arbitration Agreement. Sonos and you further agree that any such causes of action shall be commenced and maintained in any state or federal court located within the state in which you are employed by Sonos and you hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction of such court. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this employee agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. 

C. Entire Agreement . This Employee Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between Sonos and you relating to the subject matter herein and supersedes all prior discussions or representations between us including, but not limited to, any representations made during your interview(s) or offer negotiations, whether written or oral, except for the Arbitration Agreement. No modification of or amendment to this Employee Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Employee Agreement, will be effective unless in writing signed by an authorized representative of Sonos and you. 

D. Severability/Modification . If any of the provisions of this Employee Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not invalidate or render unenforceable the remainder of this Employee Agreement, but rather the remainder of this Employee Agreement shall be construed as if not containing the particular invalid or unenforceable provision or provisions, and the rights and obligations of the parties shall be enforced accordingly. Moreover, if one or more of the provisions contained in this Employee Agreement shall for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to scope, activity,subject or otherwise so as to be unenforceable at law, such provision or provisions shall be construed by the appropriate judicial body or arbitrator by limiting, revising or reducing it or them, so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent compatible with the applicable law as it shall then appear. The parties hereby agree that the language of all parts of this Employee Agreement shall in all cases be construed as a whole according to its fair meaning and not strictly for or against any of the parties. 

E. Successors and Assigns . This Employee Agreement will be binding upon your heirs, executors, administrators and other legal representatives. Sonos shall have the right to assign this Employee Agreement to its successors and assigns without consent by you, and all covenants and agreements hereunder shall ensure to the benefit of and are enforceable by said successors and assigns. You do not have the right to assign this Agreement. 

F. No Abandonment Regardless of Material Change. You agree that Sonos may modify or change your position, duties, compensation, benefits, responsibilities, and/or any other terms and conditions of employment as it deems appropriate in its sole discretion. Any such changes to the terms and conditions of my employment (whether material or immaterial) shall not alter or modify your obligations as set forth herein and shall not be construed as an intent or agreement to abandon this agreement, to create a new employment relationship, and/ or to relieve you of your obligations hereunder (unless such agreement or intent is expressly and specifically set forth in writing by Sonos). You acknowledge and agree that this Employment Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any change in the terms and conditions of my employment (whether material or immaterial). 

G. Waiver. Sonos may waive any breach by you of any provision of this Employment Agreement expressly in writing in its sole discretion. Any waiver by Sonos of a breach of any provision of this Employment Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach of such provision or any other provision hereof. 

H. Survival . You understand and agree that your obligations under this Employment Agreement shall survive the termination of this Employment Agreement and/or your employment regardless of the manner of such termination and shall be binding upon your heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives. 

10. Acknowledgment/Independent Legal Advice. 

You acknowledge that you have carefully read and considered the provisions of this Employment Agreement. You further acknowledge that you have had the opportunity to seek legal advice, and have either obtained such advice with regard to this Employee Agreement or have chosen not to do so. You agree that the restrictions and covenants set forth in this Employee Agreement are fair and reasonable and are necessary for the protection of the interests of Sonos and its business, officers, directors and employees. 
 
 Signature: /s/ Shamayne Braman 
 
 Date: August 21, 2021 

Sonos, Inc. 
 /s/ Patrick Spence 
 Patrick Spence 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Addendum B 
 
 Arbitration Agreement 
 This Arbitration Agreement Arbitration Agreement is entered into by and between Sonos, Inc. and its affiliates and successors (referred to herein as the Sonos and Shamayne Braman (referred to herein as You ). 
 
 1. Agreement to Arbitrate . 

a. Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate Certain Claims/Issues . In consideration of Sonos offer of employment and/or continued employment to You and your acceptance of the same, You and Sonos agree that any and all existing or future disputes or claims related to your employment with Sonos (including, but not limited to, the termination of your employment with Sonos), except those claims and disputes identified below in subparagraph (b) of this Section, will be resolved by final and binding arbitration and that no other forum for dispute resolution will be available to either party. Except as set forth in Section 1(b) or otherwise prohibited by applicable law, claims subject to arbitration include, but are not limited to: 

i. Claims related to your employment, change in employment status, and/or termination of employment with Sonos; 

ii. Claims under any California, Massachusetts, New York, Washington, or any other state, federal and/or municipal statute, regulation, ordinance, law and/or executive order (as amended) relating to employment, discrimination (including discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex, sex harassment, sexual orientation, age, gender identity, marital status, familial status, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, alien age, handicap,disability, present or past history of mental disorders or physical disability, veteran s status, candidacy for or activity in a general assembly or other public office, or constitutionally protected acts of speech), fair employment practices, or other terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act and Older Workers Benefit Protection Act 29 U.S.C. 621 et seq. ), the Civil Rights Acts of 1866 and 1871, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Civil Rights Act of 1991 42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq. ), the Equal Pay Act 29 U.S.C. 201 et seq. ), the Americans With Disabilities Act 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq. ), the Immigration Reform and Control Act 8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq. ), the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act USERRA ); the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, the Massachusetts Fair Employment Practices Statute M.G.L. c. 151B 1 et seq. ), the Massachusetts Equal Rights Act M.G.L. c. 93 102 ), the Massachusetts Civil Rights Act M.G.L. c. 12 11H 11I ), the Massachusetts Privacy Statute M.G.L. c. 214 1B ), the Massachusetts Sexual Harassment Statute M.G.L. c. 214 1C ), the Massachusetts law against retaliation M.G.L. c. 19C, 11 ), the New York State Human Rights Law (N.Y. Exec. Law 290 et seq) ; the New York City Human Rights Law (N.Y.C. Admin. Code 8 101 et seq.); the New York Equal Rights Law (N.Y. Civ. Rights Law 40 to 45) ;the Washington Law Against Discrimination (RCW Chapter 49.60) ; and the Seattle Fair Employment Practices Ordinance (Seattle Municipal Code 14.04) ; 

iii. Claims under any California, Massachusetts, New York, Washington, or any other state, federal and/or municipal statute, regulation, ordinance, law and/or executive order (as amended) relating to leaves of absence, layoffs or reductions-in-force, wages, hours, or other terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, the National Labor Relations Act 29 U.S.C. 151 et seq. ), the Family and Medical Leave Act 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq. ), the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 29 U.S.C. 1000 et seq. ), COBRA 29 U.S.C. 1161 et seq. ), the Fair Labor Standards Act 29 U.S.C. 201 et seq. ), the Occupational Safety and Health Act 29 U.S.C. 651 et seq. ), the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act 29 U.S.C. 2101 et seq. ), the California Family Rights Act Cal. Gov. Code 12945.1 - 12945.2 ), the California Pregnancy Disability Leave Act Cal. Gov. Code 12945 ), the California School Activities Act Cal. Labor Code 230.8 ), the California Healthy Workplace Health Family Act Cal. Labor Code 245-249 ), the Cal-WARN Act Cal. Labor Code 1400-1408 ), the California wage payment laws (Cal. Labor Code 200 through 244); the California Overtime Law Cal. Labor Code 500-552 ), the California Minimum Wage Law Cal. Labor Code 1182.12 ), the Massachusetts Small Necessities Leave Act M.G.L. c. 149, 52D) , the Massachusetts Parental Leave Law M.G.L. c. 149, 105D ), the Massachusetts Wage Act M.G.L. c. 149 148 et. seq.) , the Massachusetts Minimum Fair Wages Act M.G.L. c. 151 1 et. seq. ), the Massachusetts Equal Pay Act M.G.L. c. 149 105A ), the Massachusetts Paid Sick Leave law M.G.L. c. 149, 148C; 148D ); Article 6 of the New York Labor Law (N.Y. Lab. Law 190- 199-A) , including the New York Wage Payment Act (N.Y. Lab. Law 190, et seq.) ; the New York State Minimum Wage Law; all New York Labor Standards; all New York Wage and Hour Laws; the Washington Payment of Wages Law (RCW 49.48.010 and 49.52.050) ; the Washington Overtime Law (RCW 49.46.130) ; the Seattle Minimum Wage Ordinance; the Washington State Family Care Act (RCW 49.12.265 et seq) ; and the Washington Family Leave Act (RCW 49.78) ; 

iv. Claims under any California, Massachusetts, New York, Washington, or any other state, federal and/or any other common law theory, including, without limitation, wrongful discharge, breach of express or implied contract, 

promissory estoppel, unjust enrichment, breach of a covenant of good faith and fair dealing,violation of public policy, defamation, interference with contractual relations, intentional or negligent infliction of emotional distress, invasion of privacy, misrepresentation, deceit, fraud, negligence, or any claim to attorneys fees under any applicable statute or common law theory of recovery; 

v. Claims under any California, Massachusetts, New York, Washington, or any other state, federal and/or municipal statute, regulation, ordinance, law or executive order (as amended) relating to whistleblower protections, violation of public policy, or any other form of retaliation or wrongful termination, including but not limited to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002;the New York Whistleblower Retaliation Laws (N.Y. Lab. Law 740, 741, and 215) ; the New York Nondiscrimination for Legal Actions Laws; 

vi. Claims under any Sonos compensation, benefit,stock option, incentive compensation, bonus, restricted stock, and/or equity plan, program, policy, practice or agreement, or any other type of employment-related agreement, contract or policy; and/or 

vii. Any other claim arising under other state,federal, municipal or other local law not specifically itemized herein. 

The parties also agree that the arbitrator shall have the power and authority to interpret this Agreement and to decide whether a certain dispute or claim is subject to arbitration under this Agreement. This power and authority to determine arbitrability is hereby expressly delegated to the appointed arbitrator and not to any judge or court. The parties agree that this agreement to arbitrate also covers claims brought by You against Sonos agents, officers or other employees for actions they may have taken in connection with your employment. 
 
 b. Claims Excluded from Agreement to Arbitrate/Choice of Venue for Such Claims : 

The agreement to arbitrate in Section 1(a) does not apply to claims for benefits under state unemployment insurance or workers compensation programs. In addition, this Agreement does not prohibit You from filing a claim or participating in an investigation, hearing or proceeding with a local, state or federal administrative agency, including the EEOC, the Department of Labor, the National Labor Relations Board, the Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination, the California Department of Fair Employment and Housing, the New York City Commission on Human Rights,the New York State Division of Human Rights,the Washington State Human Rights Commission and/or any other federal or state administrative agency. (However, this Agreement does preclude You from pursuing any such claim in court). 
 
 In addition, this agreement to arbitrate expressly excludes and does not apply to claims for equitable relief or declaratory judgment by either You or Sonos arising out of: (i) the non- disclosure or assignment of inventions provisions set forth in Sections 2 and 3 of the At Will Employment, Confidential Information, and Invention Assignment Agreement (the Employee Agreement ); (ii) state or federal trade secret laws; and/or (iii) state or federal intellectual property laws. You understand and agree that violations of the non-disclosure or assignment of inventions provisions of the Employee Agreement, state or federal trade secret laws and/or state or federal intellectual property laws could cause irreparable and unique injury and that money damages would not provide an adequate remedy for such injury. Accordingly, You and Sonos agree that the parties could not effectively pursue all available rights and remedies (including equitable relief) for such claims in an arbitration proceeding and that such claims must therefore be excluded from the agreement to arbitrate. All claims excluded from arbitration under this Section shall be commenced and maintained in any state or federal court located within the state in which You are employed by Sonos. 
 
 2. No Class Actions or Arbitrations . You and Sonos agree that the arbitrator may only hear the parties individual claims and will not have the authority: (i) to consolidate the claims of other employees; (ii) to fashion a proceeding as a class or collective action; and/or (iii) to award relief to a group or class of employees in one arbitration proceeding. In other words, You must pursue all claims subject to arbitration as an individual and may not pursue such claims as part of a class. You represent, agree,and acknowledge that You will be able to effectively pursue your rights and any and all claims against Sonos in an individual arbitration according to the terms of this Arbitration Agreement. 

3. Procedure, Deadline for Filing Of Claims Subject to Agreement to Arbitrate, Rules of Arbitration, Confidentiality . You and Sonos agree that arbitration proceedings shall be conducted by the American Arbitration Association AAA pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, and in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures, (available on-line at www.adr.org ), which are incorporated herein by reference. 

The parties agree that any and all claims subject to arbitration under this Agreement must be initiated with the AAA within the statute of limitations period prescribed for such claims under applicable law. As set forth in Rule 4 of the Employment Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures, a party may initiate arbitration by filing a Demand for Arbitration in writing with the AAA. If You file such a Demand, please also send a copy of to Sonos Legal Department, Attention: General Counsel. Alternatively, the parties may submit a joint request for arbitration in writing. No demand for arbitration may be 
 
 made after the date when the institution of legal or equitable proceedings based on such claim or dispute would be barred by the applicable statute of limitation. 
 The parties agree that a neutral arbitrator will be selected in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures and further agree that the arbitrator shall have the power to decide any motions brought by any party to the arbitration, including motions for summary judgment or motions to dismiss prior to any arbitration hearing. The parties also agree that the arbitrator shall have the power to award any remedies, including attorney s fees and costs, available under applicable law. The parties agree that any decision of the arbitrator must be in writing. The arbitrator s decision shall be final and binding on both You and Sonos and shall be enforceable by any court having proper jurisdiction. The arbitrator shall maintain the confidentiality of the arbitration and shall have the authority to make appropriate rulings to safeguard that confidentiality unless the parties agree otherwise or the law provides to the contrary. 
 4. Governing Law/Location of Arbitration . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and interpreted in accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 1-16. You and Sonos agree that any and all arbitrations between the parties compelled and contemplated by this Agreement shall be held within the state in which You are employed by Sonos. 

5. Cost of Arbitration . The parties agree that Sonos shall pay for any administrative or hearing fees and/or costs charged by the arbitrator or the AAA. 

6. Attorney s Fees . You and Sonos each shall bear your own attorneys fees incurred in connection with the arbitration, and the arbitrator will not have the authority to order attorneys fees unless an agreement between You and Sonos or a statute or law at issue in the dispute authorizes the award of attorneys fees to the prevailing party, in which case the arbitrator shall have the authority to make an award of attorneys fees as permitted under the applicable law or agreement. 

7. Jury Waiver . YOU AND SONOSHEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVEANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO YOUR EMPLOYMENT. 

8. Consideration to Support Agreement . You and Sonos agree that there is sufficient and adequate consideration to support your mutual obligations under this Agreement. Specifically, You acknowledge that You are offered employment or continued employment in consideration of your promise to arbitrate certain claims related to your employment as set forth in this Agreement. In addition, the mutual promises of Sonos and You to resolve certain claims by arbitration in accordance with the provisions of this Arbitration Agreement, rather than through the courts, provide consideration for this Agreement. 

9. Acknowledgment of Waiver of Rights . You understand and acknowledge that by signing this agreement, you are waiving the following rights:(i) your right to pursue class or collective action against Sonos in any forum, whether through the courts or through arbitration; (ii) your right to a trial or hearing before a court of any and all present or future claims against Sonos subject to arbitration under this arbitration agreement; and (iii) any right to trial by jury for any and all present or future claims related to your employment. 

10. Voluntary Agreement . You represent that You have read the terms of the foregoing agreement, that You fully understand its terms, and are voluntarily executing the same. You acknowledge that You have been advised to consult with an attorney before signing this agreement and that You have had a sufficient opportunity to do so. 

11. Complete Agreement . This Arbitration Agreement contains the complete agreement between Sonos and You regarding the subject of arbitration and dispute resolution and supersedes any and all prior written, oral or other types of representations and agreements between Sonos and You, if any, related to the subject of dispute resolution of any kind, except for the Employee Agreement. 

12. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement, or part thereof, is held invalid, void or voidable as against public policy or otherwise, the invalidity shall not affect other provisions, or parts thereof, which may be given effect without the invalid provision or part. To this extent, the provisions, and parts thereof, of this Arbitration Agreement are declared to be severable. Moreover, if one or more of the provisions contained in this Arbitration Agreement shall for any reason be held to be unenforceable at law, such provision or provisions shall be construed by the appropriate judicial body by limiting, revising or reducing it or them, so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent compatible with the applicable law as it shall then appear. The parties hereby agree that the language of all parts of this Arbitration Agreement shall in all cases be construed as a whole according to its fair meaning and not strictly for or against any of the parties. 

13. Modification . This Arbitration Agreement may be modified only in a writing, which expressly refers to this Agreement and You by full name and which is signed by You and an authorized representative of Sonos. 

14. Successors and Assigns . This Arbitration Agreement will be binding upon Your heirs, executors, administrators and other legal representatives. Sonos shall have the right to assign this Arbitration Agreement to its successors and assigns without consent by You, and all covenants and agreements hereunder shall ensure to the benefit of and are enforceable by said successors and assigns. You do not have the right to assign this Arbitration Agreement. 

You represent that you have read the foregoing Arbitration Agreement, fully understand its terms and conditions, and are voluntarily executing the same.In entering into this Arbitration Agreement, you did not rely on any representation, promise or inducement made by Sonos with the exception of the terms and conditions set forth in this document. 
 
 Signature: /s/ Shamayne Braman 
 
 Date: August 21, 2021 

Sonos, Inc. 
 /s/ Patrick Spence 
 Patrick Spence 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Exhibit A 
 
 CALIFORNIA LABOR CODE SECTION 2870 INVENTION ON OWN TIME-EXEMPTION FROM AGREEMENT 
 a) Any provision in an employment agreement which provides that an employee shall assign, or offer to assign, any of his or her rights in an invention to his or her employer shall not apply to an invention that the employee developed entirely on his or her own time without using the employer s equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information except for those inventions that either: 

1. Relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to the employer s business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the employer; or 

2. Result from any work performed by the employee for the employer. 

b) To the extent a provision in an employment agreement purports to require an employee to assign an invention otherwise excluded from being required to be assigned under subdivision (a), the provision is against the public policy of this state and is unenforceable. 

Signature: /s/ Shamayne Braman 
 
 Date: August 21, 2021 

Sonos, Inc. 
 /s/ Patrick Spence 
 Patrick Spence 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 sono-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-226516, 333-229558, 333-236296, 333-256052, 333-262611, and 333-269648) of Sonos, Inc. of our report dated November 20, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Los Angeles, California November 20, 2023 
 
 1 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 sono-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Patrick Spence, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sonos, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 20, 2023 
 /s/ Patrick Spence 

Patrick Spence 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 sono-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Eddie Lazarus, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sonos, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 20, 2023 
 /s/ Eddie Lazarus 

Eddie Lazarus 

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Legal Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 sono-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Patrick Spence, Chief Executive Officer of Sonos, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge, this annual report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in such annual report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 20, 2023 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Patrick Spence 

Patrick Spence 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 sono-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Eddie Lazarus, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Legal Officer of Sonos, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge, this annual report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in such annual report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 20, 2023 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Eddie Lazarus 

Eddie Lazarus 

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Legal Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97>
 9
 sono-ex97.htm
 EX-97

EX-97 

Exhibit 97 
 
 SONOS, INC. 
 POLICY FOR RECOUPMENT OF INCENTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 1. Introduction 

In accordance with Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the regulations thereunder, the Board of Directors (the Board of Sonos, Inc. (the Company has adopted a policy (the Policy providing for the Company s recoupment of certain incentive-based compensation received by Covered Executives (as defined below) in the event that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to its material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws. This Policy is designed to comply with, and shall be construed and interpreted to be consistent with, Section 10D of the Exchange Act, Rule 10D-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act and Listing Rule 5608 of the corporate governance rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market. 
 
 2. Administration 

Administration and enforcement of this Policy is delegated to the Compensation, People and Diversity Inclusion Committee of the Board (as constituted from time to time, and including any successor committee, the Committee ). The Committee shall make all determinations under this Policy in its sole discretion. Determinations of the Committee under this Policy need not be uniform with respect to any or all Covered Executives and will be final and binding. 
 
 3. Effective Date 

This Policy shall be effective as of October 2, 2023 (the Effective Date and shall apply only to Covered Compensation (as defined below) that is received by Covered Executives on or after the Effective Date. 
 
 4. Covered Executives 

This Policy covers each current or former officer of the Company subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act (each, a Covered Executive ). 
 
 5. Covered Compensation 

This Policy applies to any cash-based and equity-based incentive compensation, bonuses, and awards that are received by a Covered Executive and that were based, wholly or in part, upon the attainment of any financial reporting measure Covered Compensation ). For the avoidance of doubt, none of the following shall be deemed to be Covered Compensation: base salary, a bonus that is paid solely at the discretion of the Committee or Board and not paid from a bonus pool determined by satisfying a financial reporting measure performance goal, and cash or equity-based awards that are earned solely upon satisfaction of one or more subjective or strategic standards. 

This Policy shall apply to any Covered Compensation received by an employee who served as a Covered Executive at any time during the performance period for that Covered Compensation. 
 
 6. Financial Restatements; Recoupment 

In the event that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (such an accounting restatement, a Restatement ), the Committee shall review the Covered Compensation received by a Covered Executive during the three-year period preceding the Required Financial Restatement Date as well as any transition period that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year within or immediately following those three completed fiscal years. Regardless of whether the Company filed the restated financial statements, the Committee shall, to the full extent permitted by governing law, seek recoupment of any Covered Compensation, whether in the form of cash or equity, received by a Covered Executive (computed without regard to any taxes paid), if and to the extent: 
 
 a. the amount of the Covered Compensation was calculated based upon the achievement of certain financial results that were subsequently the subject of a Restatement; and 

b. the amount of the Covered Compensation that would have been received by the Covered Executive had the financial results been properly reported would have been lower than the amount actually awarded (any such amount, Erroneously-Awarded Compensation ). 

To the extent Covered Compensation was based on the achievement of a financial reporting measure, but the amount of such Covered Compensation was not awarded or paid on a formulaic basis, the Committee shall determine the amount, if any, of such Covered Compensation that is deemed to be Erroneously-Awarded Compensation. 
 
 For purposes of this Policy, the Required Financial Restatement Date is the earlier to occur of: 
 
 a. the date the Board, a committee of the Board, or any officer or officers authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare a Restatement; or 

b. the date a court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare a Restatement. 

For the avoidance of doubt, a Covered Executive will be deemed to have received Covered Compensation in the Company s fiscal period during which the financial reporting measure specified in the award is attained, even if the Covered Executive remains subject to additional payment conditions with respect to such award. 

7. Method of Recoupment 

The Committee will determine, in its sole discretion, the method for recouping Erroneously-Awarded Compensation, which may include, without limitation: 
 
 a. requiring reimbursement of cash incentive compensation previously paid; 

b. canceling or rescinding some or all outstanding vested or unvested equity (and/or equity-based) awards; 

c. adjusting or withholding from unpaid compensation or other set-off to the extent permitted by applicable law; and/or 

d. reducing or eliminating future salary increases, cash-based or equity-based incentive compensation, bonuses, awards or severance. 

8. Impracticability Exceptions 

The Committee shall not seek recoupment of any Erroneously-Awarded Compensation to the extent it determines that: 
 
 a. the direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy would exceed the amount of Erroneously-Awarded Compensation to be recovered; 

b. recovery would violate home country law where that law was adopted prior to November 28, 2022; and/or 

c. recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to Company employees, to fail to meet the requirements of Sections 401(a)(13) and 411(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations thereunder. 

9. No Indemnification 

For the avoidance of doubt, the Company shall not indemnify any Covered Executive against the loss of any Erroneously-Awarded Compensation or any Covered Compensation that is recouped pursuant to the terms of this Policy, or any claims relating to the Company s enforcement of its rights under this Policy. 
 
 10. Severability 

If any provision of this Policy or the application of any such provision to any Covered Executive shall be adjudicated to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such 

invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions of this Policy, and the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions shall be deemed amended to the minimum extent necessary to render any such provision or application enforceable. 
 
 11. Amendments 

The Committee may amend, modify or terminate this Policy in whole or in part at any time and may adopt such rules and procedures that it deems necessary or appropriate to implement this Policy or to comply with applicable laws and regulations. 
 
 12. No Impairment of Other Remedies 

The remedies under this Policy are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any legal and equitable claims the Company may have, the Company s ability to enforce, without duplication, the recoupment provisions set forth in any separate Company policy or in any Company plan, program or agreement (each, a Separate Recoupment Policy and collectively, the Separate Recoupment Policies ), or any actions that may be imposed by law enforcement agencies, regulators or other authorities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that there is a conflict between the application of this Policy to a Covered Executive in the event of a Restatement and any additional recoupment provisions set forth in a Separate Recoupment Policy to which a Covered Executive is subject, the provisions of this Policy shall control. The Company may also adopt additional Separate Recoupment Policies in the future or amend existing requirements as required by law or regulation. 

</EX-97>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 sono-20230930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 sono-20230930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 sono-20230930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 sono-20230930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 sono-20230930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

