<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231117_10-K_edgar_data_1378992_0001140361-23-053869.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13919621</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>210729</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1864169</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5617407</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3086679</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2657343</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-053869.hdr.sgml : 20231117
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231117161853
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-053869
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231117
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231117

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BERRY GLOBAL GROUP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001378992
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PLASTICS PRODUCTS, NEC [3089]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1001

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35672
		FILM NUMBER:		231418967

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 OAKLEY STREET
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 959
		CITY:			EVANSVILLE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47710
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8124242904

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 OAKLEY STREET
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 959
		CITY:			EVANSVILLE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47710

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BERRY GLOBAL GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170503

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BERRY PLASTICS GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061024

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-053869.txt : 20231117

10-K
 1
 form10k.htm
 BERRY GLOBAL GROUP, INC. 10-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the Fiscal Year Ended 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from __________ to __________

Commission File Number 

A corporation

, , , 

 ) 

IRS employer identification number

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
 Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an
 emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Small reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
 revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
 financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the
 filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any
 of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates was approximately billion as of March 29, 2023, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The aggregate market value was computed using the closing
 sale price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. As of November 17, 2023, there were million shares of common stock outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of Berry Global Group, Inc. s Proxy Statement for its 2024
 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report.

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Information included in or incorporated by reference in this Form
 10-K and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and the Company s press releases or other public statements, contains or may contain forward-looking statements. This report includes forward-looking 
 statements with respect to our financial condition, results of operations and business and our expectations or beliefs concerning future events. These statements contain words such as believes, expects, may, will, should, would, could, 
 seeks, approximately, intends, plans, estimates, project, outlook, anticipates, or looking forward or similar expressions that relate to our strategy, plans, intentions, or expectations. All statements we make relating to our
 estimated and projected earnings, margins, costs, expenditures, cash flows, growth rates, and financial results or to our expectations regarding future industry trends are forward-looking statements. In addition, we, through our senior management,
 from time to time make forward-looking public statements concerning our expected future operations and performance and other developments. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may change at any time, and,
 therefore, our actual results may differ materially from those that we expected. All forward-looking statements are made only as of the date hereof, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result
 of new information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise required by law.

Additionally, we caution readers that the list of important factors discussed in the section titled Risk Factors may not contain all of the material factors
 that are important to you. In addition, in light of these risks and uncertainties, the matters referred to in the forward-looking statements contained in this report may not in fact occur. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on those
 statements.

1

TABLE OF CONTENTS

FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023

Page

PART I

Item 1. 

BUSINESS 

3

Item 1A. 

RISK FACTORS 

5

Item
 1B. 

UNRESOLVED

 STAFF COMMENTS 

8

Item 2. 

PROPERTIES 

8

Item 3. 

LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 

8

Item
 4. 

MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

8

PART II

Item 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
 COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

9

I tem 6. 

RESERVED 

9

Item 7. 

MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

10

Item 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE AND
 QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

14

Item 8. 

FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

15

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 (PCAOB ID 42 

15

Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive
 Income for fiscal 2023, 2022
 and 2021

18

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of fiscal 2023 and 2022

19

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021

20

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders 
 Equity for fiscal 2023, 2022
 and 2021

21

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

22

Item 9. 

CHANGES IN AND
 DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

40

Item 9A. 

CONTROLS AND
 PROCEDURES 

40

Item 9B. 

OTHER
 INFORMATION 

40

Item 9C. 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN
 JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

40

PART III

Item 10. 

DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

41

Item
 11. 

EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 

41

Item 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP
 OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

41

Item 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND
 RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

41

Item 14. 

PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

41

PART IV

Item 15. 

EXHIBITS AND
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

42

Item 16. 

FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

42

2

Table of Contents 

Item

 1. BUSINESS 

(In millions of dollars, except as otherwise noted)

General

Berry Global Group, Inc. Berry, we, or the Company is a leading global supplier of a broad range of innovative rigid, flexible and non-woven products. 
 We sell our products predominantly into stable, consumer-oriented end markets, such as healthcare, personal care, and food and beverage. Our customers consist of a diverse mix of global, national, regional and local specialty businesses. For the
 fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 fiscal 2023 ),

 no single customer represented more than 5 of net sales and our top ten customers represented 15 of net sales. We believe our manufacturing processes, manufacturing footprint and our ability to leverage our scale to reduce costs, positions us as a
 low-cost manufacturer relative to our competitors.

Additional financial information about our segments is provided in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and
 the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements sections of this report.

Segment Overview

The Company s operations are organized into four reporting segments: Consumer Packaging International, Consumer Packaging North America, Engineered
 Materials, and Health, Hygiene Specialties. The structure is designed to align us with our customers, provide optimal service, drive future growth, and to facilitate synergy realization.

Consumer Packaging International

The Consumer Packaging International segment is a manufacturer of rigid products that primarily services non-North American markets. Product groups within the
 segment include Closures and Dispensing Systems, Pharmaceutical Devices and Packaging, Bottles and Canisters, Containers, and Technical Components. In fiscal 2023, Consumer Packaging International accounted for 32 of our consolidated net sales.

Consumer Packaging North America

The Consumer Packaging North America segment is a manufacturer of rigid products that primarily services North American markets. Product groups within the
 segment include Containers and Pails, Foodservice, Closures, Bottles and Prescription Vials, and Tubes. In fiscal 2023, Consumer Packaging
 North America accounted for 24 of our consolidated net sales.

Engineered Materials

The Engineered Materials segment is a manufacturer of flexible products that services primarily North American and European markets. Product groups within the
 segment include Stretch and Shrink Films, Converter Films, Institutional Can Liners, Food and Consumer Films, Retail Bags, and Agriculture Films. In fiscal 2023,
 Engineered Materials accounted for 23 of our consolidated net sales.

Health, Hygiene Specialties

The Health, Hygiene Specialties segment is a manufacturer of non-woven and related products that services global markets. Product groups within the
 segment include Healthcare, Hygiene, Specialties, and Tapes. In fiscal 2023, Health, Hygiene Specialties accounted for 21 of our
 consolidated net sales.

During fiscal 2023, the Company announced that it has initiated a formal process to evaluate strategic alternatives for its Health, Hygiene and Specialties
 segment and has determined the segment does not meet the criteria of Held for Sale as of year end.

Marketing, Sales, and Competition

We reach our large and diversified customer base through a direct sales force of dedicated professionals and the strategic use of distributors. Our scale
 enables us to dedicate certain sales and marketing efforts to particular products or customers, when applicable, which enables us to develop expertise that we believe is valued by our customers.

The major markets in which the Company sells its products are highly competitive. Areas of competition include service, innovation, quality, and price. This
 competition is significant as to both the size and the number of competing firms. Competitors include but are not limited to Amcor, Silgan, Aptar, Pactiv Evergreen, 3M, and Fitesa.

3

Table of Contents 

Raw Materials

Our primary raw material is polymer resin. In addition, we use other materials such as butyl rubber, adhesives, paper and packaging materials, linerboard,
 rayon, polyester fiber, and foil, in various manufacturing processes. While temporary industry-wide shortages of raw materials have occurred, we have historically been able to manage the supply chain disruption by working closely with our suppliers
 and customers. Changes in the price of raw materials are generally passed on to customers through contractual price mechanisms over time, during contract renewals and other means.

Intellectual Property

While important to our business in the aggregate, the loss of any single patent or license alone would not have a material adverse effect on our results of
 operations as a whole or those of our reportable segments.

Environmental and Sustainability

We believe there will always be a leading role for Berry s product offerings due to our ability to promote customer brands by providing superior clarity,
 protection, design versatility, consumer safety, convenience, cost efficiency, barrier properties, and environmental performance. We collaborate with customers, suppliers, and innovators to create industry-leading solutions which offer lighter
 weight products, enable longer shelf-life, and protect products throughout supply chains.

Sustainability is comprehensively embedded across our business, from how we run our manufacturing operations more efficiently to the investments we are making
 in sustainable packaging. We believe responsible packaging is the answer to achieving less waste and that responsible packaging requires four things - innovative design, continued development of renewable and advanced raw materials, waste management
 infrastructure, and consumer participation. Berry is committed to responsible packaging and has (1) targeted 100 reusable, recyclable, or compostable
 packaging by 2025, (2) significantly increased our use of circular materials in order to meet our targeted 10 recycled content by 2025, and (3) worked to drive greater recycling rates around the world. With our global scale, deep industry
 experience, and strong capabilities, we are uniquely positioned to assist our customer in the design and development of more sustainable packaging. 

We also work globally on continuous improvement of employee safety, energy usage, water efficiency, waste reduction, recycling and reducing
 our Green house Gas (GHG) emissions. Our teams focus on improving the circularity and reducing the carbon footprint of our products. We anticipate higher demand for products with lower emissions intensity where polymer resin based products are
 inherently well positioned since they typically have lower GHG emissions per functional unit compared to heavier alternatives such as paper, metal and glass. Additionally, there is also significant work being done on the use of recycled and
 bio-based content, which typically has lower associated GHG emissions compared to other virgin materials.

Human Capital and Employees

Overview

Berry s mission of Always Advancing to Protect What s Important 
 has never been more critical as we are proud to work alongside our customers to supply products that are ess ential to everyday life. We continue to prioritize the health and well-being of the communities we serve as well as our employees
 and their families.

Health and Safety

Employee safe ty is our number one core value. We believe when it
 comes to employee safety, our best should always be our standard. It is through the adherence to our global Environment, Health, and Safety principles we have been able to identify and mitigate operational risks and drive continuous improvement,
 resulting in an OSHA incident rate below 1.0 which is significantly lower than the industry average. 

Talent and Development

We seek to attract, develop and retain talent throughout the company. Our succession management strategy focuses on a structured succession
 framework and multiple years of performance. Our holistic approach to developing key managers and identifying future leaders includes challenging assignments, formal development plans and professional coaching. Resources to support employee
 development include operational programs, university partnerships, internal e-learning requirements, tuition reimbursement programs, and apprenticeships.

4

Table of Contents 

Employee Engagement

We seek to ensure that everyone is motivated to perform every day. To further that objective, our engagement approach focuses on clear
 communication and recognition. We communicate through regular employee meetings, at both the corporate and operating division levels, with business and market updates and information on production, safety, quality and other operating metrics. We have
 many recognition-oriented awards throughout our company and conduct company-wide engagement surveys which have generally indicated high levels of engagement and trust in Berry s leadership.

Inclusion and Diversity

We strive to build a safe and inclusive culture where employees feel valued and treated with respect. We believe inclusion helps drive
 engagement, innovation and organizational growth. We provide annual training to our diversified global workforce on the importance of having a culture of inclusion.

Ethics

Our employees are expected to act with integrity and we maintain a Global Code of Business Ethics which is attested by every Berry employee
 and provides the Company's framework for ethical business. We provide targeted annual training across the globe to reinforce our commitment to ethics and drive adherence to the laws in each jurisdiction in which we operate.

Available Information

We make available, free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments, if any, to those
 reports through our internet website as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed with the SEC. Our internet address is www.berryglobal.com. The information contained on our website is not being incorporated herein.

Item 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS

Operational Risks

Global economic conditions may negatively impact our business operations and financial results.

Challenging global conditions, including inflation or military conflicts, may negatively impact our business operations and financial results. When challenging economic conditions exist, our customers may delay, decrease or cancel purchases from us, and may also delay payment or fail to pay
 us altogether. Suppliers may have difficulty filling our orders and distributors may have difficulty getting our products to customers, which may affect our ability to meet customer demands, and result in a loss of business. Weakened global economic
 conditions may also result in unfavorable changes in our product prices, product mix and profit margins. Although we take measures to mitigate the impact of inflation, including through pricing actions and productivity programs, if these actions are
 not effective our cash flow, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely impacted. In addition, there could be a time lag between recognizing the benefit of our mitigating actions versus when the challenge occurs and there is no
 assurance that our mitigating measures will be able to fully mitigate the negative impacts.

Political volatility may also contribute to the general economic
 conditions and regulatory uncertainty in regions in which we operate. Future unrest and changing policies could result in an adverse impact to our financial condition. Political developments can also disrupt the markets we serve and the tax
 jurisdictions in which we operate and may affect our busin ess, financial condition and results of operations.

Raw material inflation or shortage of available materials could harm our financial condition and results of operations.

Raw materials are subject to price fluct uations and availability,
 due to external factors, which are beyond our control. Temporary industry-wide shortages of raw materials have occurred in the past, which can lead to increased raw material price volatility. Additionally, our suppliers could experience cost
 increases to produce raw material due to increases in carbon pricing. Historically we have been able to manage the impact of higher costs by increasing our selling prices. We have generally been well positioned to capture additional market share as
 our primary raw material, polymer resin, is typically a lower cost and more versatile substrate compared to alternatives. However, raw material shortages or our inability to timely pass-through increased costs to our customers may adversely affect
 our busin ess, financial condition and results of operations.

5

Table of Contents 

Weather related events could negatively impact our results of operations.

Weather related events could adversely impact on our business and those of our customers, suppliers, and partners. Such events may have a
 physical impact on our facilities, inventory, suppliers, and equipment and any unplanned downtime at any of our facilities could result in unabsorbed costs that could negatively impact our results of operations for the period in which it experienced
 the downtime. Longer-term changes in climate patterns could alter future customer demand, impact supply chains and increase operating costs. However, any such changes are uncertain and we cannot predict the net impact from such events.

We may not be able to compete successfully and our customers may not continue to purchase our products.

We compete with multiple companies in each of our product lines on the basis of a number of considerations, including price, service, quality, product
 characteristics and the ability to supply products to customers in a timely manner. Our products also compete with various other substrates. Some of these competitive products are not subject to the impact of changes in resin prices, which may have a
 significant and negative impact on our competitive position versus substitute products. Additionally, consumer views on environmental considerations could potentially impact demand for our products that utilize fossil fuel based materials in their
 manufacturing. Our competitors may have financial and other resources that are substantially greater than ours and may be better able than us to withstand higher costs. Competition and product preference changes could result in our products losing
 market share or our having to reduce our prices, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, since we do not have long-term arrangements with many of our customers,
 these competitive factors could cause our customers to shift suppliers and/or packaging material quickly.

We may pursue and execute acquisitions or divestitures, which could adversely affect our business.

Transactions involve special risks, including the potential assumption of unanticipated liabilities and contingencies as well as difficulties in integrating
 acquired businesses or carving-out divested businesses, which may result in substantial costs, delays or other problems that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, we may not realize all of the
 synergies we expect to achieve from our current strategic initiatives due to a variety of risks. If we are unable to achieve the benefits that we expect to achieve from our strategic initiatives, it could adversely affect our business, financial
 condition and results of operations.

In the event of a catastrophic loss of one of our key manufacturing facilities, our business would be adversely affected.

While we manufacture our products in a large number of diversified facilities and maintain insurance covering our facilities, including business interruption
 insurance, a catastrophic loss of the use of all or a portion of one of our key manufacturing facilities due to accident, labor issues, weather conditions, natural disaster, pandemic or otherwise, whether short or long-term, could result in future
 losses.

Employee retention, labor cost inflation or the failure to renew collective bargaining agreements could disrupt our business.

Our relations with employees under collective bargaining agreements remain satisfactory and there have been no significant work stoppages or other labor
 disputes during the past four years. However, we may not be able to maintain constructive relationships with labor unions or trade councils and may not be able to successfully negotiate new collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms in the
 future.

Labor is subject to cost inflation, availability and workforce participation rates, all of which could be impacted by factors beyond our control. As a
 result, there can be no assurance we will be able to recruit, train, assimilate, motivate and retain employees in the future. The loss of a substantial number of these employees or a prolonged labor dispute could disrupt our business and result in
 future losses.

We depend on information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business, and increased cybersecurity threats, system
 inadequacies, and failures could disrupt our operations, compromise customer, employee, vendor and other data which could negatively affect our business.

We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of information technology systems and networks. These systems and networks are vulnerable to increased
 threats and more sophisticated computer crime, energy interruptions, telecommunications failures, breakdowns, natural disasters, terrorism, war, computer malware or other malicious intrusions.

We also maintain and have access to data and information that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations, and customer controls. Despite our efforts
 to protect such information, breaches, misplaced or lost data and programming damages could result in a negative impact on the business. While we have not had material system interruptions historically associated with these risks, there can be no
 assurance from future interruptions that could result in future losses.

6

Table of Contents 

Financial and Legal Risks

Our substantial indebtedness could affect our ability to meet our obligations and may otherwise restrict our activities.

We have a significant amount of indebtedness, which requires significant interest payments. The amount of interest charges could increase materially due to
 rising interest rates as indebtedness is refinanced, interest rate swaps expire, or accounts receivable supply chain finance factoring grows. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our
 obligations on commercially reasonable terms, would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, servicing the interest obligations of our existing indebtedness could limit our ability to
 respond to business opportunities, including growing our business through acquisitions or increased levels of capital expenditures.

Goodwill and other intangibles represent a significant amount of our net worth, and a future write-off could result in lower reported net
 income and a reduction of our net worth.

We have a substantial amount of goodwill. Future changes in market multiples, cost of capital, expected cash flows, or other external factors, may adversely
 affect our business and cause our goodwill to be impaired, resulting in a non-cash charge against results of operations to write off goodwill or indefinite lived intangible assets for the amount of impairment. If a future write-off is required, the
 charge could result in significant losses.

Our international operations pose risks to our business that may not be present with our domestic operations.

We are subject to foreign exchange rate risk, both transactional and translational, which may negatively affect our financial performance. Exchange rates between transactional currencies may change rapidly due to a variety of factors. In particular, our translational exposure may be impacted
 by movements in the exchange rate of the euro or the British pound sterling against the U.S. dollar.

Foreign operations are also subject to certain risks that are unique to doing business in foreign countries including supply chain challenges, disruption of
 energy, changes in applicable laws, including assessments of income and non-income related taxes, inability to readily repatriate cash to the U.S. effectively, and regulatory policies and various trade restrictions including potential changes to taxes
 or duties. We are also subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws that generally bar bribes or unreasonable gifts to foreign governments or officials. We have implemented safeguards, training and
 policies to discourage these practices by our employees and agents. However, if employees violate our policies, we may be subject to regulatory sanctions. Any of these risks could disrupt our business and result in significant losses.

Current and future environmental and other governmental requirements could adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to
 conduct our business.

While we have not been required historically to make significant capital expenditures in order to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations,
 we cannot predict our future capital expenditure requirements because of continually changing compliance standards and environmental technology. Furthermore, violations or contaminated sites that we do not know about (including contamination caused
 by prior owners and operators of such sites or newly discovered information) could result in additional compliance or remediation costs or other liabilities. In addition, federal, state, local, and foreign governments could enact laws or regulations
 concerning environmental matters, such as greenhouse gas (carbon) emissions, that increase the cost of producing, or otherwise adversely affect the demand for our products. Additionally, several governmental bodies in jurisdictions where we operate have introduced, or are contemplating introducing, regulatory change to address the potential impacts of changes in climate and global warming, which may
 have adverse impacts on our operations or financial results. We believe that any such laws promulgated to date have not had a material adverse effect on us, as we have historically been able to manage the impact of higher costs by
 increasing our selling prices. However, there can be no assurance that future legislation or regulation would not have a material adverse effect on us.

Changes in tax laws or changes in our geographic mix of earnings could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of
 operation.

We are subject to income and other taxes in the many jurisdictions in which we operate. Tax laws and regulations are complex and the determination of our global
 provision for income taxes and current and deferred tax assets and liabilities requires judgment and estimation. We are subject to routine examinations of our income tax returns, and tax authorities may disagree with our tax positions and assess
 additional tax. Our future income taxes could also be negatively impacted by our mix of earnings in the jurisdictions in which we operate being different than anticipated given differences in statutory tax rates in the countries in which we operate. In
 addition, tax policy efforts to raise global corporate tax rates could adversely impact our tax rate and subsequent tax expense.

7

Table of Contents 

We may not be successful in protecting our intellectual property rights, including our unpatented proprietary know-how and trade secrets, or
 in avoiding claims that we infringed on the intellectual property rights of others.

In addition to relying on patent and trademark rights, we rely on unpatented proprietary know-how and trade secrets, and employ various methods, including
 confidentiality agreements with employees and consultants, customers and suppliers to protect our know-how and trade secrets. However, these methods and our patents and trademarks may not afford complete protection and there can be no assurance that
 others will not independently develop the know-how and trade secrets or develop better production methods than us. Further, we may not be able to deter current and former employees, contractors and other parties from breaching agreements and
 misappropriating proprietary information and it is possible that third parties may copy or otherwise obtain and use our information and proprietary technology without authorization or otherwise infringe on our intellectual property rights. Furthermore,
 no assurance can be given that we will not be subject to claims asserting the infringement of the intellectual property rights of third parties seeking damages, the payment of royalties or licensing fees and/or injunctions against the sale of our
 products. Any such litigation could be protracted and costly and could result in significant losses.

We may be subject to litigation and regulatory investigations and proceedings, including product liability claims, that
 could adversely affect our business operations and financial performance.

In the ordinary course of our business, we are involved in legal
 proceedings, including product liability claims, which may lead to financial or reputational damages. See Note 5. Commitments, Leases and Contingencies. We may also be subject to inquiries, inspections, investigations and proceedings by relevant regulatory and other governmental agencies. Given our global footprint, we are exposed to more uncertainty regarding the regulatory environment.
 The timing of the final resolutions to lawsuits, regulatory inquiries, and governmental and other legal proceedings is typically uncertain, and any such proceedings or claims, regardless of merit, could be time consuming and expensive to defend and
 could divert management s attention and resources. The possible outcomes of these proceedings could include adverse judgments, settlements, injunctions, fines, penalties or other results adverse to us that could harm our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and reputation and result in significant losses. Even if we are successful in defending ourselves against these actions, the costs of such defense may be significant to us. 

Item 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None.

Item 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

Our primary manufacturing facilities by geographic area were as follows:

Geographic Region

Total Facilities

Leased Facilities

US and Canada

102

18

Europe

110

24

Rest of world

36

15

Item 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

For information see Note 5. Commitments, Leases and Contingencies

Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable.

8

Table of Contents 

PART II

Item

 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our common stock BERY is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. As of the date of this filing there were fewer than 550 active record holders of the common
 stock, but we estimate the number of beneficial stockholders to be much higher as a number of our shares are held by brokers or dealers for their customers in street name. During fiscal 2023 the Company declared and paid cash dividends of 0.25 per
 share for each quarter. During fiscal 2022 we did not declare or pay any cash dividends on our common stock.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

The following table summarizes the Company's repurchases of its common stock during the Quarterly Period ended September 30, 2023.

Fiscal Period

Total Number of

 Shares Purchased

Average Price

 Paid Per Share

Total Number of Shares

 Purchased as Part of Publicly

 Announced Programs

Dollar Value of Shares that

 May Yet be Purchased Under

 the Program (in millions) (a) 

July

627

August

1,600,861

63.96

1,600,861

524

September

1,313,690

62.88

1,313,690

442

Total

2,914,551

63.47

2,914,551

442

(a) 

All open market purchases during the quarter were made under the fiscal 2023 authorization from our board of directors to purchase up to 1 billion of shares of common
 stock. See Note 9. Stockholders' Equity.

Item 6. RESERVED 

9

Table of Contents 

Item 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Outlook

The Company is affected by general economic and industrial growth, raw material availability, cost inflation, supply chain disruptions, and general consumption
 levels. Our business has both geographic and end market diversity, which reduces the effect of any one of these factors on our overall performance. Our results are affected by our ability to pass through raw material and other cost changes to our
 customers, improve manufacturing productivity and adapt to volume changes of our customers. Despite global macro-economic challenges in the short-term attributed to continued rising inflation and general market softness, we continue to believe our
 underlying long-term fundamentals in all divisions remain strong. For fiscal 2024, we project cash flow from operations between 1.35 to
 1.45 billion and free cash flow between 800 to 900 million. Projected fiscal 2024 free cash flow assumes 550 million of capital
 spending. For the definition of free cash flow and further information related to free cash flow as a non-GAAP financial measure, see Liquidity and Capital Resources. 

Discussion of Results of Operations for Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022

The Company's U.S. based results for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 are based on fifty-two week periods. Business integration expenses consist
 of restructuring and impairment charges, divestiture related costs, and other business optimization costs. Tables present dollars in millions. A discussion and analysis regarding our results of operations for fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year
 2021 can be found on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC in November 2022.

Consolidated Overview

Fiscal Year

2023

2022

Change

Change

Net sales

12,664

14,495

(1,831

(13

Cost of goods sold

10,354

12,123

(1,769

(15

Other operating expenses

1,231

1,130

101

9

Operating income

1,079

1,242

(163

(13

Net sales: The net sales decline is primarily
 attributed to decreased selling prices of 856 million primarily due to the pass-through of lower resin costs, a 6 volume decline, an 84 million unfavorable impact from foreign currency changes, and fiscal 2022 divestiture sales of 107 million. The
 volume decline is primarily attributed to general market softness and customer destocking.

Cost of goods sold: The cost of goods sold decrease is
 primarily attributed to lower raw material prices, the volume decline, fiscal 2022 divestiture cost of goods sold, and an unfavorable impact from foreign currency changes.

Other operating expenses: The other operating expenses
 increase is primarily attributed to an increase in business integration costs and incentive-based compensation.

Operating Income: The operating income decrease is primarily attributed to a 134 million unfavorable impact from the volume decline, a 79 million unfavorable impact from increased business
 integration costs, a 33 million unfavorable impact from foreign currency changes, and a 49 million unfavorable impact from increased selling, general, and administrative expenses primarily attributed to increased incentive-based compensation. These
 declines are partially offset by a 139 million favorable impact from price cost spread.

Consumer Packaging International 

Fiscal Year

2023

2022

Change

Change

Net sales

4,031

4,293

(262

(6

Operating income

273

346

(73

(21

Net sales: The net sales decline is primarily
 attributed to a 5 volume decline, fiscal 2022 divestiture sales of 107 million, and a 60 million unfavorable impact from foreign currency changes, partially offset by increased selling prices of 102 million due to the pass-through of European
 inflation. The volume decline is primarily attributed to general market softness.

10

Table of Contents 

Operating Income: The operating income
 decrease is primarily attributed to a 39 million unfavorable impact from increased business integration costs, a 36 million unfavorable impact from
 the volume decline, a 17 million unfavorable impact from foreign currency changes, an unfavorable impact from increased selling, general, and administrative expenses, and an unfavorable impact from fiscal 2022 divestiture. These declines were
 partially offset by a 44 million favorable impact from price cost spread.

Consumer Packaging North America

Fiscal Year

2023

2022

Change

Change

Net sales

3,122

3,548

(426

(12

Operating income

346

338

8

2

Net sales: The net sales decline is primarily
 attributed to decreased selling prices of 344 million and a 3 volume decline. The volume decline is primarily attributed to general market softness partially offset by growth in our foodservice market.

Operating Income: The operating income
 increase is primarily attributed to a 67 million favorable impact from price cost spread, partially offset by a 21 million unfavorable impact from
 the volume decline, an 18 million unfavorable impact from increased business integration costs, and an unfavorable impact from increased selling, general, and administrative expenses.

Engineered Materials 

Fiscal Year

2023

2022

Change

Change

Net sales

2,884

3,488

(604

(17

Operating income

333

328

5

2

Net sales: The net sales decline is primarily
 attributed to decreased selling prices of 292 million, an 8 volume decline, and a 31 million unfavorable impact from foreign currency changes. The volume decline is primarily attributed to general market softness and destocking.

Operating Income: The operating income
 increase is primarily attributed to an 81 million favorable impact from price cost spread, partially offset by a 48 million unfavorable impact from the volume decline, and an unfavorable impact from increased selling, general, and administrative
 expenses.

Health, Hygiene Specialties

Fiscal Year

2023

2022

Change

Change

Net sales

2,627

3,166

(539

(17

Operating income

127

230

(103

(45

Net sales: The net sales decline is primarily
 attributed to decreased selling prices of 322 million and a 7 volume decline. The volume decline is primarily attributed to general market softness and customer destocking.

Operating Income: The operating income
 decrease is primarily attributed to a 52 million unfavorable impact from price cost spread, a 30 million unfavorable impact from the volume decline, and an
 unfavorable impact from increased business integration costs .

Other expense

Fiscal Year

2023

2022

Change

Change

Other expense

31

22

9

41

The Other expense increase is primarily attributed to an adverse impact from our hyperinflationary Argentina subsidiaries.

Interest expense

Fiscal Year

2023

2022

Change

Change

Interest expense

306

286

20

7

The interest expense increase is
 primarily the result of higher interest rates partially offset by an increased benefit from the amortization of settled interest rate swaps in fiscal 2022.

11

Table of Contents 

Comprehensive Income

Fiscal Year

2023

2022

Change

Change

Comprehensive Income

676

659

17

3

The increase in comprehensive income is primarily
 attributed to a 416 million favorable change in currency translation, partially offset by a 157 million decrease in net income, a 155 million unfavorable change
 in the fair value of interest rate hedges, and an 87 million unfavorable change from unrealized losses on the Company's pension plans. 
 Currency translation changes are primarily related to non-U.S. subsidiaries with a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar whereby assets and liabilities are translated from the respective functional currency into U.S. dollars using period-end
 exchange rates. The change in currency translation was primarily attributed to locations utilizing the euro and British pound sterling as their functional currency. As part of the overall risk management, the Company uses derivative instruments to
 (i) reduce our exposure to changes in interest rates attributed to the Company s borrowings and (ii) reduce foreign currency exposure to translation of certain foreign operations. The Company records changes to the fair value of these instruments in
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). The change in fair value of these instruments in fiscal 2023 versus fiscal 2022 is primarily attributed to a change in the forward interest and foreign exchange curves between measurement dates.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Senior Secured Credit Facility

We manage our global cash requirements considering (i) available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct our business, (ii) the geographic
 location of our liquidity needs, and (iii) the cost to access international cash balances. At the end of fiscal 2023, the Company had no
 outstanding balance on its 1.0 billion asset-based revolving line of credit that matures in June 2028. The Company was in compliance with all
 covenants at the end of fiscal 2023. See Note 3. Long-Term Debt.

Cash Flows from Operating Activities

Net cash provided by operating activities increased 52
 million from fiscal 2022 primarily attributed to working capital improvement, partially offset by a decline in net income and derivative
 settlements.

Cash Flows from Investing Activities

Net cash used in investing activities increased 293
 million from fiscal 2022 primarily attributed to the acquisition of Pro-Western in fiscal 2023 compared to the proceeds from business
 divestitures and the settlement of net investment hedges in fiscal 2022. See Note 2. Acquisition.

Cash Flows from Financing Activities

Net cash used in financing activities increased 367
 million from fiscal 2022 primarily attributed to higher net repayments on long-term borrowings and initiation of a quarterly dividend in
 fiscal 2023, partially offset by lower share repurchases.

Dividends

The Company declared and paid cash dividends of 127
 million during fiscal 2023.

Share Repurchases

The Company repurchased approximately 9.8
 million shares for 601 million and approximately 12.2 million shares for 709 million in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. See Note 9.
 Stockholders' Equity.

12

Table of Contents 

Free Cash Flow

We define "free cash flow" as cash flow from operating activities less net additions to property, plant and equipment. Based on our definition, our
 consolidated free cash flow is summarized as follows:

Fiscal years ended

September 30,

 2023

October 1,

 2022

Cash flow from operating activities

1,615

1,563

Additions to property, plant and equipment, net

(689

(687

Free cash flow

926

876

We use free cash flow as a supplemental measure of liquidity as it assists us in assessing our ability to fund growth through generation of cash. Free cash
 flow may be calculated differently by other companies, including other companies in our industry or peer group, limiting its usefulness. Free cash flow is not a generally accepted accounting principles GAAP financial measure and should not be
 considered as an alternative to any other measure determined in accordance with GAAP.

Liquidity Outlook

At the end of fiscal 2023, our cash balance was 1,203 million, of which approximately 45 was located outside the U.S. We believe our existing U.S. based cash and cash flow from U.S. operations, together
 with available borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities, will be adequate to meet our short-term and long-term liquidity needs with the exception of funds needed to cover all long-term debt obligations which we intend to refinance prior to
 maturity. The Company has the ability to repatriate the cash located outside the U.S. to the extent not needed to meet operational and capital needs without significant restrictions. Our unremitted foreign earnings were 1.6 billion at the end of
 fiscal 2023. The computation of the deferred tax liability associated with unremitted earnings is not practicable.

Summarized Guarantor Financial Information

Berry Global, Inc. Issuer has notes outstanding which are fully, jointly, severally, and unconditionally guaranteed by its parent, Berry Global Group, Inc.
 (for purposes of this section, Parent and substantially all of Issuer s domestic subsidiaries. Separate narrative information or financial statements of the guarantor subsidiaries have not been included because they are 100 owned by Parent and the
 guarantor subsidiaries unconditionally guarantee such debt on a joint and several basis. A guarantee of a guarantor subsidiary of the securities will terminate upon the following customary circumstances: the sale of the capital stock of such guarantor
 if such sale complies with the indentures, the designation of such guarantor as an unrestricted subsidiary, the defeasance or discharge of the indenture or in the case of a restricted subsidiary that is required to guarantee after the relevant issuance
 date, if such guarantor no longer guarantees certain other indebtedness of the issuer. The guarantees of the guarantor subsidiaries are also limited as necessary to prevent them from constituting a fraudulent conveyance under applicable law and any
 guarantees guaranteeing subordinated debt are subordinated to certain other of the Company s debts. Parent also guarantees the Issuer s term loans and revolving credit facilities. The guarantor subsidiaries guarantee our term loans and are
 co-borrowers under our revolving credit facility.

Presented below is summarized financial information for the Parent, Issuer and guarantor subsidiaries on a combined basis, after intercompany transactions have
 been eliminated.

Year Ended

September 30, 2023

Net sales

6,660

Gross profit

1,611

Earnings from continuing operations

410

Net income (a) 

410

(a) Includes 39
 million of income associated with intercompany activity with non-guarantor subsidiaries.

13

Table of Contents 

September 30, 2023

October 1, 2022

Assets

Current assets

1,975

2,432

Noncurrent assets

5,997

6,137

Liabilities

Current liabilities

1,363

1,536

Intercompany payable

754

634

Noncurrent liabilities

10,271

10,630

Critical Accounting Estimates

We disclose those accounting policies that we consider to be significant in determining the amounts to be utilized for communicating our consolidated financial
 position, results of operations and cash flows in the first note to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein. Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated
 financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with these principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in the financial
 statements and accompanying notes. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

Pensions . The accounting for our pension plans requires us to recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of the pension plans on our balance sheet. We believe that the accounting estimates related to our
 pension plans are critical accounting estimates because they are highly susceptible to change from period to period based on the performance of plan assets, actuarial valuations, market conditions and contracted benefit changes. See Note 1.
 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 7. Retirement Plans.

Deferred Taxes and Effective Tax Rates . We estimate the
 effective tax rate ETR and associated liabilities or assets for each of our legal entities in accordance with authoritative guidance. We utilize tax planning to minimize or defer tax liabilities to future periods. In recording ETRs and related
 liabilities and assets, we rely upon estimates, which are based upon our interpretation of U.S. and local tax laws as they apply to our legal entities and our overall tax structure. Audits by local tax jurisdictions, including the U.S. Government,
 could yield different interpretations from our own and cause the Company to owe more taxes than originally recorded. See Note 1. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 6. Income Taxes.

Item 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Interest Rate Risk

We are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates primarily through our senior secured credit facilities and accounts receivable supply chain finance
 factoring programs. As of September 30, 2023, our senior secured credit facilities are comprised of (i) 3.1 billion term loans and (ii) a 1.0 billion revolving credit facility with no borrowings outstanding. Borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities bear interest at a
 rate equal to an applicable margin plus SOFR. The applicable margin for SOFR rate borrowings under the revolving credit facility ranges from 1.25 to 1.50 , and the margin for the term loans is 1.75 per annum. As of September 30, 2023, the SOFR rate of approximately 5.54 was applicable to the term loans. A change of 0.25 on these floating interest rate exposures
 would increase interest expense by approximately 2 million.

We seek to minimize interest rate volatility risk through regular operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative
 financial instruments. These financial instruments are not used for trading or other speculative purposes. See Note 4. Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements.

Foreign Currency Risk

As a global company, we face foreign currency risk exposure from fluctuating currency exchange rates, primarily the U.S. dollar against the euro, British pound
 sterling, Brazilian real, Chinese renminbi, Canadian dollar and Mexican peso. Significant fluctuations in currency rates can have a substantial impact, either positive or negative, on our revenue, cost of sales, and operating expenses. Currency
 translation gains and losses are primarily related to non-U.S. subsidiaries with a functional currency other than U.S. dollars whereby assets and liabilities are translated from the respective functional currency into U.S. dollars using period-end
 exchange rates and impact our Comprehensive income. A 10 decline in foreign currency exchange rates would have had a 31 million unfavorable impact on fiscal 2023 Net income. See Note 4. Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements.

14

Table of Contents 

Item 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Berry Global Group, Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Berry Global Group, Inc. (the Company) as of September 30, 2023 and October 1, 2022, the related consolidated
 statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at
 September 30, 2023 and October 1, 2022,
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2023, in conformity with
 U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control
 over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the
 Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated November 17, 2023 expressed an
 unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements
 based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
 and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
 about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used
 and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to
 be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit
 matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or
 disclosures to which it relates.

United Kingdom Defined Benefit Pension Obligation

Description of the Matter

At September 30, 2023 the aggregate United Kingdom (UK) defined benefit pension obligation was 505 million. As disclosed in Notes 1 and 7 to the
 consolidated financial statements, the obligation for these plans are actuarially determined and affected by assumptions, including discount rates and mortality rates.

Auditing the UK defined benefit pension obligation is complex and required the involvement of our actuarial specialists due to the highly judgmental
 nature of actuarial assumptions (e.g., discount rates and mortality rates) used in the measurement process. These assumptions have a significant effect on the projected benefit obligation.

15

Table of Contents 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit

We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls that address the measurement and valuation of the
 UK defined benefit pension obligation. This included management s review of the UK defined benefit pension obligation calculations and the significant actuarial assumptions used by management.

To test the UK defined benefit pension obligation, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating the methodology used and the
 significant actuarial assumptions described above. We involved our actuarial specialists to assist with our audit procedures. We compared the actuarial assumptions used by management to historical trends and evaluated the change in the defined
 benefit pension obligation from prior year due to the change in service cost, interest cost, actuarial gains and losses, benefit payments, contributions and other activities. In addition, we evaluated management s methodology for determining
 the discount rate that reflects the maturity and duration of the benefit payments and is used to measure the defined benefit pension obligation. As part of this assessment, we compared management s selected discount rate to an independently
 developed range of reasonable discount rates. To evaluate the mortality rate assumption, we assessed whether the information is consistent with publicly available information, and whether any market data adjusted for entity-specific factors
 were applied.

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 1991.

November 17, 2023

16

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Berry Global Group, Inc.

Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

We have audited Berry Global Group, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013
 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Berry Global Group, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets
 of the Company as of September 30, 2023 and October 1, 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2023, and the related notes and our report dated November 17, 2023
 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of
 internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our
 audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
 Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
 about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and
 evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our
 opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
 of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
 statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable
 assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
 effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Ernst Young LLP

Indianapolis, Indiana

November 17, 2023

17

Table of Contents 

Berry Global Group, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Income

(in millions of dollars)

Fiscal years ended

September 30,

 2023

October 1,

 2022

October 2,

 2021

Net sales

Costs and expenses:

Cost of goods sold

Selling, general and administrative

Amortization of intangibles

Restructuring and transaction activities

Operating income

Other expense

Interest expense

Income before income taxes

Income tax expense

Net income

Net income per share (see Note 11):

Basic

Diluted

Berry Global Group, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

(in millions of dollars)

Fiscal years ended

September 30,

 2023

October 1,

 2022

October 2,

 2021

Net income

Currency translation

Pension and postretirement benefits

Derivative instruments

Other comprehensive (loss) income

Comprehensive income

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

18

Table of Contents 

Berry Global Group, Inc.

Consolidated Balance Sheets

(in millions of dollars)

September 30,

 2023

October 1,

 2022

Assets

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

Accounts receivable

Inventories

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Total current assets

Property, plant and equipment

Goodwill and intangible assets

Right-of-use assets

Other assets

Total assets

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

Accrued employee costs

Other current liabilities

Current portion of long-term debt

Total current liabilities

Long-term debt

Deferred income taxes

Employee benefit obligations

Operating lease liabilities

Other long-term liabilities

Total liabilities

Stockholders equity:

Common stock 
 and shares issued, respectively)

Additional paid-in capital

Retained earnings

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

Total stockholders equity

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

19

Table of Contents 

Berry Global Group, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

(in millions of dollars)

Fiscal years ended

September 30,

 2023

October 1,

 2022

October 2,

 2021

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net cash from operating activities:

Depreciation

Amortization of intangibles

Non-cash interest expense

Share-based compensation expense

Deferred income tax

Other non-cash operating activities, net

Settlement of derivatives

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Accounts receivable

Inventories

Prepaid expenses and other assets

Accounts payable and other liabilities

Net cash from operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Additions to property, plant and equipment, net

Acquisition of businesses

Divestiture of businesses

Settlement of net investment hedges

Net cash from investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Proceeds from long-term borrowings

Repayment of long-term borrowings

Proceeds from issuance of common stock

Repurchase of common stock

Dividends paid

Debt financing costs

Net cash from financing activities

Effect of currency translation on cash

Net change in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

20

Table of Contents 

Berry

 Global Group, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity

(in millions of dollars)

Common

 Stock

Additional

 Paid-in Capital

Accumulated Other

 Comprehensive Loss

Retained

 Earnings

Total

Balance at September 26, 2020 

Net income

Other comprehensive income

Share-based compensation

Proceeds from issuance of common stock

Balance at October 2, 2021 

Net income

Other comprehensive loss

Share-based compensation

Proceeds from issuance of common stock

Common stock repurchased and retired

Balance at October 1, 2022 

Net income

Other comprehensive income

Share-based compensation

Proceeds from issuance of common stock

Common stock repurchased, retired and other

Dividends paid

Balance at September 30, 2023 

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

21

Table of Contents 

Berry Global Group, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(in millions of dollars, except as otherwise noted)

The Company has evaluated subsequent events through the date the financial statements were issued.

million and million at September 30, 2023 and October 1, 2022, respectively, and is included in Other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company disaggregates revenue based
 on reportable business segment, geography, and significant product line. See Note 10. Segment and Geographic Data.

million and million at September 30, 2023 and October 1, 2022, respectively. The Company
 records current expected credit losses based on a variety of factors including historical loss experience and current customer financial condition. The changes to our current expected credit losses, write-off activity, and recoveries were not material
 for any of the periods presented.

million, million, and million in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively.

million, million, and million
 for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The share-based compensation plan is more fully described in Note 9. Stockholders Equity.

22

Table of Contents 

Raw materials

to 
 for buildings and improvements, to 
 for machinery, equipment, and tooling, and over the term of the agreement for capital leases. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the useful life of the improvement or the lease term. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged
 to expense as incurred. Property, plant and equipment as of fiscal 2023 and 2022 was:

Equipment and construction in progress

Less accumulated depreciation

23

Table of Contents 

Foreign currency translation adjustment

Dispositions

Balance as of fiscal 2022

Foreign currency translation adjustment

Pro-Western acquisition (See Note 2.)

Balance as of fiscal 2023

impairment existed in fiscal 2023.

million and 
 million as of fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022,
 respectively, of debt issuance and deferred financing costs on the balance sheet as a deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability, instead of a deferred charge.

Foreign currency translation adjustment

Amortization expense

Additions

Balance as of fiscal 2022 

Foreign currency translation adjustment

Amortization expense

Pro-Western acquisition (See Note 2.)

Balance as of fiscal 2023 

to . Definite lived trademarks are being amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated life of the assets which are not more than . Other intangibles, which include technology and licenses, are being amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated life of the
 assets which range from to . 

 The Company has trademarks that total million that are indefinite lived and we test annually for impairment on the first day of the fourth
 quarter. We completed the annual impairment test of our indefinite lived trade names utilizing the qualitative method in 2023, 2022, and 2021 and noted 
 impairment.

million, million, million, million, and million each year for fiscal years ending 2024, 2025, 2026, 2027, and 2028, respectively.

24

Table of Contents 

2025

2026

2027

2028

Thereafter

Total lease payments

Less: Interest

Present value of lease liabilities

25

Table of Contents 

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Net amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

Balance as of fiscal 2021 

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Net amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

Balance as of fiscal 2022 

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Net amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

Balance as of fiscal 2023 

26

Table of Contents 

million. The acquired business is operated within the Consumer Packaging North America segment. To finance the purchase, the Company used existing
 liquidity. The acquisition has been accounted for under the purchase method of accounting and accordingly, the purchase price has been allocated to the identifiable assets and liabilities based on preliminary estimates of fair value at the acquisition
 date. The results of Pro-Western have been included in the consolidated results of the Company since the date of acquisition. The Company has recognized goodwill on this transaction primarily as a result of expected cost synergies and expects
 goodwill to be deductible for tax purposes.

Revolving line of credit

June 2028 

First Priority Senior Secured Notes (b) 

February 2024 

First Priority Senior Secured Notes (c) 

July 2025 

First Priority Senior Secured Notes

January 2026 

First Priority Senior Secured Notes

July 2026 

First Priority Senior Secured Notes

January 2027 

First Priority Senior Secured Notes (c) 

July 2027 

First Priority Senior Secured Notes

April 2028 

Second Priority Senior Secured Notes

February 2026 

Second Priority Senior Secured Notes

July 2027 

Debt discounts and deferred fees

Finance leases and other

Various

Total long-term debt

Current portion of long-term debt

Long-term debt, less current portion

fixed interest rate with interest rate swaps (see Note 4). 

million of the Term Loans to 2029. 

million
 aggregate principal amount of first priority senior secured notes due 2028. The proceeds were used to repurchase a portion of the
 Company's first priority senior secured notes due 2024.

billion of term loans and a billion asset-based revolving line
 of credit. The availability under the revolving line of credit is the lesser of billion or based on a defined borrowing base which is
 calculated based on available accounts receivable and inventory. At the end of fiscal 2023, the Company had unused borrowing capacity of 
 million under the revolving line of credit.

27

Table of Contents 

2025

2026

2027

2028

Thereafter

million, million, and million in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively.

million) and July 2027 million). In addition to cross-currency swaps, we hedge a portion of our foreign currency risk by designating foreign currency denominated long-term debt as net investment hedges of certain foreign operations. As of September 30, 2023 , we had outstanding long-term debt of million that was designated as a hedge of our net
 investment in certain euro-denominated foreign subsidiaries. When valuing cross-currency swaps the Company utilizes Level 2 inputs (substantially observable). 

When valuing interest rate swaps the Company utilizes Level 2 inputs (substantially observable).

million. The offset is included in Accumulated other comprehensive loss and is being amortized to Interest expense through the term of the original
 swaps. Following the settlement, the Company entered into interest rate swaps with matching notional amounts with expiration in June 2026.

28

Table of Contents 

million interest rate swap transaction that swaps a variable SOFR contract for a fixed annual rate of , (ii)
 a million interest rate swap transaction that swaps a variable SOFR contract for a fixed annual rate of , (iii) an million interest rate swap transaction that swaps a 
 variable SOFR contract for a fixed annual rate of , (iv) a million interest rate swap transaction that swaps a variable SOFR contract for a fixed annual rate
 of , and (v) a million
 interest rate swap transaction that swaps a variable SOFR contract for a fixed annual rate of . The Company's interest rate swap transactions all expire in June 2026. See Note 12. Subsequent Events.

Cross-currency swaps

Designated

Other current liabilities

Cross-currency swaps

Designated

Other long-term liabilities

Interest rate swaps

Designated

Other assets

Interest rate swaps

Not designated

Other assets

Interest rate swaps

Designated

Other long-term liabilities

Interest rate swaps

Not designated

Other long-term liabilities

Interest rate swaps

Interest expense 

million in the next 12 months. The Company s financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, long-term debt, interest rate swap agreements, cross-currency
 swap agreements and capital lease obligations. The book value of our long-term indebtedness exceeded fair value by million as of fiscal 2023 and by million as of fiscal 2022. The Company s long-term debt fair values were determined using Level 2 inputs as other significant observable inputs were not available.

Goodwill

Definite lived intangible assets

Property, plant and equipment

Total

Goodwill

Definite lived intangible assets

Property, plant and equipment

Total

29

Table of Contents 

employees, and approximately 
 of those employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements. The majority of these agreements are due for renegotiation annually.

Current operating lease liabilities

Other current liabilities 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities

Operating lease liability 

Finance leases:

Finance lease right-of-use assets

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

Current finance lease liabilities

Current portion of long-term debt 

Noncurrent finance lease liabilities

Long-term debt, less current portion 

Finance leases

Operating cash flows

Interest expense

Finance leases

Financing cash flows

-

Finance leases

-

Amortization of right-of-use assets

years

years

Weighted-average remaining lease term - finance leases

years

years

Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases

Weighted-average discount rate - finance leases

million for fiscal 2023.

30

Table of Contents 

State

Non-U.S.

Total current

Deferred:

U.S.

Federal

State

Non-U.S.

Total deferred

Expense for income taxes

million, million, and 
 million for fiscal 2023, 2022,
 and 2021, respectively. Non-U.S. income from continuing operations before income taxes was million, million, and million for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The Company paid cash taxes of million, million, and million in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively.

Adjustments to reconcile to the income tax provision:

U.S. state income tax expense

Federal and state credits

Share-based compensation

Tax law changes

Withholding taxes

Changes in foreign valuation allowance

Foreign income taxed in the U.S.

Rate differences between U.S. and foreign

Sale of subsidiary

Permanent foreign currency differences

Uncertain tax positions, net

Other

Expense for income taxes

31

Table of Contents 

Inventories

Net operating loss carryforward

Interest expense carryforward

Lease liability

Research and development credit carryforward

Federal and state tax credits

Capitalization research and development expenditures

Other

Total deferred tax assets

Valuation allowance

Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance

Deferred tax liabilities:

Property, plant and equipment

Intangible assets

Derivatives

Leased asset

Other

Total deferred tax liabilities

Net deferred tax liability

million of net deferred tax
 assets recorded in Other assets, and million of net deferred tax liabilities recorded in Deferred income taxes on the Consolidated Balance
 Sheets.

million and million as of the fiscal years ended 2023 and 2022, respectively, related to the foreign and U.S. federal and state operations.

Gross increases tax positions in prior periods

Gross decreases - tax positions in prior periods

Gross increases current period tax positions

Settlements

Lapse of statute of limitations

Ending unrecognized tax benefits

million and we had million accrued for payment of interest and penalties related to our uncertain tax positions. Our penalties and interest related to uncertain tax
 positions are included in income tax expense.

32

Table of Contents 

million, million, and million
 for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively.

million, of Mainland Europe s total underfunded status relates to non-contributory pension plans within our German operations. There is no external funding for these plans although they are secured by insolvency insurance required under German law. 
 In general, the plans provide a fixed retirement benefit not related to salaries and are closed to new entrants.

Service cost

Interest cost

Currency

Actuarial loss (gain)

Benefit settlements

Benefits paid

End of period

Currency

Return on assets

Contributions

Benefit settlements

Benefits paid

End of period

Underfunded status

million of net unrealized losses recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company expects less than million to be realized in fiscal 2024.

33

Table of Contents 

Discount rate for net benefit cost

Expected return on plan assets for net benefit costs

Discount rate for net benefit cost

Expected return on plan assets for net benefit costs

U.S. large cap comingled equity funds

U.S. mid cap equity mutual funds

U.S. small cap equity Corporate bond mutual funds

International equity mutual funds

Real estate equity investment funds

Corporate bonds

International fixed income funds

International insurance policies

Total

U.S. large cap comingled equity funds

U.S. mid cap equity mutual funds

U.S. small cap equity Corporate bond mutual funds

International equity mutual funds

Real estate equity investment funds

Corporate bonds

International fixed income funds

International insurance policies

Total

34

Table of Contents 

2025

2026

2027

2028

2029-2033

Interest cost

Amortization of net actuarial loss

Expected return on plan assets

Net periodic benefit expense (income)

Debt securities and debt-like

International insurance policies

Other

Total

million of the Company s stock at the end of fiscal 2023. The Company re-addresses the allocation of its investments on a regular basis.

segments as part of the 2023 restructuring plan. The Company expects total cash and non-cash expense to be approximately million, with the operations savings intended to counter general economic softness. The initiatives are expected to be fully implemented by the end of fiscal
 2025. During fiscal 2021 and 2022,
 the Company did t shut down any facilities with significant net sales.

Consumer Packaging North America

Engineered Materials

Health, Hygiene Specialties

Consolidated

35

Table of Contents 

Charges

Cash

Balance as of fiscal 2022 

Charges

Non-cash items

Cash

Balance as of fiscal 2023 

million. 

million shares for 
 million, at an average price of . During fiscal 2022, the Company repurchased approximately million shares for million, at an average price of . shares were repurchased during fiscal 2021.

par value per share. The Company allocates the excess purchase price over par value between additional paid-in capital and retained earnings. As of fiscal 2023,
 authorized repurchases of million remain available to the Company.

million shares, an increase of million shares from the previous authorizati on. The intrinsic value of options exercised in fiscal 2023
 was million.

Options granted

Options exercised

Options forfeited or cancelled

Options outstanding, end of period

Option price range at end of period

- 

- 

Options exercisable at end of period

Weighted average fair value of options granted during period

36

Table of Contents 

from the date of grant and have a vesting term of
 either four or , depending on the grant date, and an expiration term
 of years from the date of grant. The
 fair value for options granted has been estimated at the date of grant using a Black-Scholes model using the following key assumptions:

Dividend yield

Volatility factor

years

years

. Compensation cost is recorded based upon the fair value of the shares at the grant date.

Awards granted

Awards vested

Awards forfeited or cancelled

Awards outstanding, end of period

million and million as of September 30, 2023
 and October 1, 2022, respectively. 

37

Table of Contents 

reporting
 segments: Consumer Packaging International, Consumer Packaging North America, Engineered Materials, and Health, Hygiene Specialties. The structure is designed to align us with our customers, provide improved service, and drive future growth in a
 cost efficient manner.

Consumer Packaging North America

Engineered Materials

Health, Hygiene Specialties

Total

Operating income

Consumer Packaging International

Consumer Packaging North America

Engineered Materials

Health, Hygiene Specialties

Total

Depreciation and amortization

Consumer Packaging International

Consumer Packaging North America

Engineered Materials

Health, Hygiene Specialties

Total

Consumer Packaging North America

Engineered Materials

Health, Hygiene Specialties

Total assets

Europe

Rest of world

Total net sales

Europe

Rest of world

Total long-lived assets

38

Table of Contents 

Non-packaging

Consumer Packaging International

Rigid Open Top

Rigid Closed Top

Consumer Packaging North America

Core Films

Retail Industrial

Engineered Materials

Health

Hygiene

Specialties

Health, Hygiene Specialties

Denominator

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic

Dilutive shares

Weighted average common and common equivalent shares outstanding - diluted

Per common share earnings

Basic

Diluted

million shares were excluded from the fiscal
 2023 and 2022 diluted EPS calculation, respectively, as their effect would be anti-dilutive. shares were excluded from the fiscal 2021
 calculation.

million of the Term Loans and million of outstanding interest rate swaps to July 2029.

per share. The first fiscal quarter payment will be paid on to shareholders of record as of .

39

Table of Contents 

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None.

Item 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information
 required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
 to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

In connection with the preparation of this Form 10-K, management evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
 procedures as of September 30, 2023. 

 Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2023.

Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Under the supervision and with the participation
 of our management, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based
 on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of September 30, 2023.

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, has been audited by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, as
 stated in their report, which is included herein.

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
 likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans

No officers or directors, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f), ,
 modified and/or a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or a "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as defined in Regulation S-K Item
 408, during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023.

Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None.

40

Table of Contents 

PART III

Item 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Except as set forth below, the information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed in
 connection with the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

We have a Global Code of Business Ethics that applies to all directors and employees, including our Chief Executive Officer and senior financial officers. We
 also have adopted a Supplemental Code of Ethics, which is in addition to the standards set by our Global Code of Business Ethics, in order to establish a higher level of expectation for the most senior leaders of the Company. Our Global Code of
 Business Ethics and Supplemental Code of Ethics can be obtained, free of charge, by contacting our corporate headquarters or can be obtained from the Corporate Governance section of the Investors page on the Company s internet site. In the event that
 we make changes in, or provide waivers from, the provision of the Code of Business Ethics that the SEC requires us to disclose, we will disclose these events in the corporate governance section of our website within four business days following the
 date of such amendment or waiver.

Item 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

Item 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required by this Item, is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

Item 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

41

Table of Contents 

PART IV

Item 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

1. 

Financial Statements 

The financial statements listed under Item 8 are filed as part of this report.

2. 

Financial Statement Schedules 

Schedules have been omitted because they are either not applicable or the required information has been disclosed in the financial statements
 or notes thereto.

3. 

Exhibits 

The exhibits listed on the Exhibit Index immediately following the signature page of this annual report are filed as part of this report.

Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None.

Exhibit No

Description of Exhibit

2.1 

Rule 2.7 Announcement, dated as of March 8, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on March 14, 2019).

2.2 

Co-Operation Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2019, by and among Berry Global Group, Inc., Berry Global International Holdings Limited
 and RPC Group Plc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 14, 2019).

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Berry Global Group, Inc., as amended through February 24, 2021.

3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Berry Global Group, Inc., as amended and restated effective as of February 24, 2021 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 25, 2021).

4.1 

Form of common stock certificate of Berry Plastics Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.27 of Amendment No. 5 to the
 Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 19, 2012).

4.2 

Indenture, by and between Berry Global Escrow Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank
 National Association), as Trustee and Collateral Agent, relating to the 4.875 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2026, dated June 5, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June
 6, 2019).

4.2A 

Supplemental Indenture, among Berry Global Group, Inc., Berry Global, Inc., Berry Global Escrow Corporation, each of the parties
 identified as a Subsidiary Guarantor thereon, and U.S. Bank Trust Company National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association), as Trustee, relating to the 4.875 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2026, dated July 1, 2019
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2019).

4.3 

Indenture, by and between Berry Global Escrow Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank
 National Association), as Trustee and Collateral Agent, relating to the 5.625 Second Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2027, dated June 5, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June
 6, 2019).

4.3A 

Supplemental Indenture, among Berry Global Group, Inc., Berry Global, Inc., Berry Global Escrow Corporation, each of the parties
 identified as a Subsidiary Guarantor thereon, and U.S. Bank Trust Company National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association), as Trustee, relating to the 5.625 Second Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2027, dated July 1,
 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2019).

4.4 

Indenture, among Berry Global, Inc., certain guarantors party thereto, U.S. Bank Trust Company National Association (as successor to
 U.S. Bank National Association), as Trustee and Collateral Agent, and Elavon Financial Services DAC, as Paying Agent, Transfer Agent and Registrar, relating to the 1.00 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2025 and 1.50 First Priority
 Senior Secured Notes due 2027, dated January 2, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 2, 2020).

42

Table of Contents 

4.5 

Indenture among Berry Global, Inc., certain guarantors party thereto, U.S. Bank Trust Company National Association (as successor to U.S.
 Bank National Association), as Trustee and Collateral Agent, relating to the 1.57 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2026, dated December 22, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 on December 23, 2020).

4.5A 

First Supplemental Indenture, among Berry Global, Inc., certain guarantors party thereto, U.S. Bank Trust Company National Association
 (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association), as Trustee and Collateral Agent, relating to the 1.57 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2026, dated March 4, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed on March 4, 2021).

4.6 

Indenture among Berry Global, Inc., certain guarantors party thereto, U.S. Bank Trust Company National Association (as successor to U.S.
 Bank National Association), as Trustee and Collateral Agent, relating to the 0.95 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2024, dated January 15, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 on January 15, 2021).

4.7 

Indenture, among Berry Global, Inc., certain guarantors party thereto, U.S. Bank Trust Company National Association (as successor to
 U.S. Bank National Association), as Trustee and Collateral Agent, relating to the 1.65 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2027, dated June 14, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on June 14, 2021).

4.8 

Indenture, among Berry Global, Inc., certain guarantors party thereto, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee and
 Collateral Agent, relating to the 5.50 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2028, dated March 30, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2023).

4.9 

Registration Rights Agreement, by and between Berry Global, Inc., Berry Global Group, Inc., each subsidiary of Berry Global, Inc.
 identified therein, and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, on behalf of themselves and as representatives of the initial purchasers, relating to the 1.57 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2026 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2020).

4.10 

Registration Rights Agreement, by and between Berry Global, Inc., Berry Global Group, Inc., each subsidiary of Berry Global, Inc.
 identified therein, and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, on behalf of themselves and as representatives of the initial purchasers, relating to the 0.95 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2024 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 15, 2021).

4.11 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 4, 2021, by and between Berry Global, Inc., Berry Global Group, Inc., each subsidiary of
 Berry Global, Inc. identified therein, and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Goldman Sachs Co. LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, on behalf of themselves and as representatives of the initial purchasers, relating to the 1.57 First Priority
 Senior Secured Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 5, 2021).

4.12 

Registration Rights Agreement, by and between Berry Global, Inc., Berry Global Group, Inc., each subsidiary of Berry Global, Inc.
 identified therein, and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, on behalf of themselves and as representatives of the initial purchasers, relating to the 1.65 First Priority Senior Secured
 Notes due 2027 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 14, 2021).

4.13 

Registration Rights Agreement, by and between Berry Global, Inc., Berry Global Group, Inc., each subsidiary of Berry Global, Inc.
 identified therein, and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, on behalf of themselves and as representatives of the initial purchasers, relating to the 5.50 First Priority Senior Secured
 Notes due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2023).

4.14 

Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 11,
 2019).

10.1 

1,000,000,000 Fourth Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of June 22, 2023, by and among Berry Global, Inc., Berry
 Global Group, Inc., Berry Plastics Canada Inc., RPC Group Limited, the lenders party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as collateral agent and administrative agent, and the financial institutions party thereto (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2023).

10.2 

U.S. 1,200,000,000 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2007, by and among Berry Plastics Corporation
 formerly known as Berry Plastics Holding Corporation, Berry Plastics Group, Inc., Credit Suisse, Cayman Islands Branch, as collateral and administrative agent, the lenders party thereto from time to time, and the other financial institutions
 party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1(b) to Berry Plastics Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 10, 2007).

43

Table of Contents 

10.3 

Second Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of February 5, 2008, by and among Berry Plastics Group, Inc., Berry
 Plastics Corporation, certain subsidiaries identified as parties thereto, Bank of America, N.A. and Credit Suisse, Cayman Islands Branch as first lien agents, and U.S. Bank Trust Company National Association, as successor in interest to Wells
 Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 23, 2015).

10.4 

U.S. 1,147,500,000 and 814,375,000 Incremental Assumption Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2017 by and among Berry Plastics Group,
 Inc., Berry Plastics Corporation and certain of its subsidiaries referenced therein, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent for the lenders under the term loan credit agreement referenced therein, Citibank, N.A., as
 initial Term K lender and Citibank, N.A., as incremental term L lender therein. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 21, 2017).

10.5 

U.S. 1,644,750,000 and 498,750,000 Incremental Assumption Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2017, by and among Berry Plastics Group,
 Inc., Berry Plastics Corporation and certain of its subsidiaries referenced therein, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent for the lenders under the term loan credit agreement referenced therein, Wells Fargo Bank,
 National Association, as initial Term M lender and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as initial Term N lender therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 21, 2017).

10.6 

U.S. 900,000,000 and 814,375,000 Incremental Assumption Agreement, dated as of November 27, 2017, by and among Berry Global Group,
 Inc., Berry Global, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries referenced therein, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent for the lenders under the term loan credit agreement referenced therein, Citibank, N.A., as initial
 Term O Lender, and Citibank, N.A., as initial Term P Lender therein. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 7, 2018).

10.7 

U.S. 1,644,750,000 and 496,250,000 Incremental Assumption Agreement and Amendment, dated as of February 12, 2018, by and among Berry
 Global Group, Inc., Berry Global, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries referenced therein, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent for the lenders under the term loan credit agreement referenced therein, Citibank, N.A.,
 as initial Term Q lender, and Citibank, N.A., as initial Term R lender therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 3, 2018).

10.8 

U.S. 800,000,000 and 814,375,000 Incremental Assumption Agreement, dated as of May 16, 2018, by and among Berry Global Group, Inc.,
 Berry Global, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries referenced therein, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent for the lenders under the term loan credit agreement referenced therein, Citibank, N.A., as initial Term S
 lender, and Citibank, N.A., as initial Term T lender therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 3, 2018).

10.9 

Cooperation Agreement, dated November 22, 2022, by and
 among Berry Global Group, Inc., Ancora Catalyst Institutional, LP, Eminence Capital, L.P. and the other persons and entities listed thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 on November 23, 2022) . 

10.10 

Amended and Restated Cooperation Agreement, dated October 18, 2023, by and
 among Berry Global Group, Inc., Ancora Catalyst Institutional, LP, Eminence Capital, L.P. and the other persons and entities listed thereto (incorporated

 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 20, 2023) . 

10.11 

Amendment and Waiver to Equipment Lease Agreement, dated as of January 19, 2011, between Chicopee, Inc., as Lessee
 and Gossamer Holdings, LLC, as Lessor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to AVINTIV Specialty Materials Inc. s Registration Statement Form S-4 filed on October 25, 2011).

10.12 

Second Amendment to Equipment Lease Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2011, between Chicopee, Inc., as Lessee and
 Gossamer Holdings, LLC, as Lessor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to AVINTIV Specialty Materials Inc. s Registration Statement Form S-4 filed on October 25, 2011).

10.13 

Third Amendment to Equipment Lease Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2012, between Chicopee, Inc., as Lessee and
 Gossamer Holdings, LLC, as Lessor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AVINTIV Specialty Materials Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2012).

10.14 

Fourth Amendment to Equipment Lease Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2013, between Chicopee, Inc., as Lessee and
 Gossamer Holdings, LLC, as Lessor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AVINTIV Specialty Materials Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 9, 2013).

10.15 

Employment Agreement of Thomas E. Salmon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed on February 6, 2017).

10.16 

Berry Plastics Group, Inc. Executive Bonus Plan, amended and restated December 22, 2015, effective as of September
 27, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2015).

44

Table of Contents 

10.17 

Berry Plastics Group, Inc. 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the
 Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on December 17, 2012).

10.18 

Amendment No. 1 to the Berry Plastics Group, Inc., 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.31 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on December 11, 2013).

10.19 

Omnibus amendment to awards granted under the Berry Plastics Group, Inc., 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on December 11, 2013).

10.20 

Amendment No. 2 to the Berry Plastics Group, Inc. 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2015).

10.21 

Form of 2016 Omnibus Amendment to Awards Granted Under the Berry Plastics Group, Inc. 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 22, 2016).

10.22 

2015 Berry Plastics Group, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2015).

10.23 

First Amendment to 2015 Berry Plastics Group, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2018).

10.24 

Form of 2016 Omnibus Amendment to Awards Granted Under the Berry Plastics Group, Inc. 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 22, 2016).

10.25 

Fourth Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, by and among Berry Plastics Group, Inc., and the stockholders of the Corporation
 listed on schedule A thereto, dated as of January 15, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 30, 2015).

10.26 

Employment Agreement, dated January 1, 2002, between the Berry Plastics Corporation and Curtis Begle (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 31, 2014).

10.27 

Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2006, by and between the Berry Plastics Corporation and Curtis Begle
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 31, 2014).

10.28 

Amendment No. 2 to Employment Agreement, dated December 31, 2008, by and between the Berry Plastics Corporation and Curtis Begle
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 31, 2014).

10.29 

Amendment No. 3 to Employment Agreement, dated August 1, 2010, by and between the Berry Plastics Corporation and Curtis L. Begle
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 31, 2014).

10.30 

Amendment No. 4 to Employment Agreement, dated December 16, 2011, by and between the Berry Plastics Corporation and Curtis L. Begle
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 31, 2014).

10.31 

Employment Agreement, dated February 28, 1998, between Berry Plastics Corporation and Mark Miles, together with amendments dated
 February 28, 2003, September 13, 2006, December 31, 2008, and December 31, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 30, 2016).

10.32 

Form of Amendment to Employment Agreement by and between Berry Plastics Corporation and each of Curtis L Begle, Mark W. Miles, and
 Thomas E. Salmon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 22, 2016).

10.33 

Senior Executive Employment Contract dated as of September 30, 2015 by and between PGI Specialty Materials Inc. and Jean Marc Galvez,
 together with the International Assignment Letter dated December 18, 2016 from Berry Global, Inc. (f/k/a Berry Plastics Corporation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 7,
 2018).

10.34 

Employment Agreement, dated December 16, 2010, between Berry Plastics Corporation and Jason Greene, together with amendments dated
 December 31, 2011 and July 20, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 23, 2020).

10.35 

Amended and Restated Berry Global Group, Inc. 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan, effective February 24, 2021 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 25, 2021).

10.36 

Form of Employee Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed on November 30, 2020).

10.37 

Form of Employee Performance-Based Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed on November 30, 2020).

45

Table of Contents 

10.38 

Form of Director Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed on November 30, 2020).

10.39 

Employment Agreement, dated August 11, 2023, among Kevin Kwilinski, Berry Global Group, Inc., and Berry Global, Inc. (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 17, 2023).

10.40 

Memorandum of Understanding, dated August 11, 2023, among Thomas E. Salmon, Berry Global Group, Inc., and Berry Global, Inc.
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 17, 2023).

10.41 

Berry Global Group, Inc. 2022 Dividend Equivalent Rights Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly
 Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 2, 2023).

10.42 

Form of Notice of Dividend Equivalent Rights Award under the Berry Global Group, Inc. 2022 Dividend Equivalent Rights Plan (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 2, 2023).

21.1 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant.

22.1 

List of Subsidiary Guarantors .

23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.

31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer.

31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer.

32.1 

Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer.

32.2 

Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer.

97.1 

Berry Global Group, Inc. Amended and Restated Compensation Recovery Policy

101.INS

Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline
 XBRL document).

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.

101.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.

101.PRE

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.

104

Cover Page Interactive Date File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

Filed or furnished herewith, as applicable.

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

46

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
 behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 17th day of November, 2023.

BERRY GLOBAL GROUP, INC.

By

/s/ Kevin Kwilinski

Kevin Kwilinski

Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
 the capacities and on the dates indicated:

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ Kevin Kwilinski

Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer)

November 17, 2023

Kevin Kwilinski

/s/ Mark W. Miles

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)

November 17, 2023

Mark W. Miles

/s/ James M. Till

Executive Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer)

November 17, 2023

James M. Till

/s/ B. Evan Bayh

Director

November 17, 2023

B. Evan Bayh

/s/ Jonathan F. Foster

Director

November 17, 2023

Jonathan F. Foster

/s/ Meredith R. Harper

Director

November 17, 2023

Meredith R. Harper

/s/ Idalene F. Kesner

Director

November 17, 2023

Idalene F. Kesner

/s/ Jill A. Rahman

Director

November 17, 2023

Jill A. Rahman

/s/ Carl J. Rickertsen

Director

November 17, 2023

Carl J. Rickertsen

/s/ Chaney M. Sheffield, Jr.

Director

November 17, 2023

Chaney M. Sheffield Jr.

/s/ Robert A. Steele

Director

November 17, 2023

Robert A. Steele

/s/ Stephen E. Sterrett

Chairman of the Board and Director

November 17, 2023

Stephen E. Sterrett

/s/ Peter T. Thomas

Director

November 17, 2023

Peter T. Thomas

/s/ Scott B. Ullem

Director

November 17, 2023

Scott B. Ullem

47

<EX-3.1>
 2
 exh3_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.1 CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF THE AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

EXHIBIT 3.1
 CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF
 THE AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF BERRY GLOBAL GROUP, INC.
 
 Berry Global Group, Inc. (the Corporation ), a corporation organized and existing under the laws and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware,
 
 DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:
 
 1.
 This Certificate of Amendment (the Certificate of Amendment amends the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on March 6, 2015, as amended by the Certificate of Amendment of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware effective on March 6, 2019, and has been duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation by unanimous written consent in lieu of a meeting in accordance with Sections 141(f) and 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL and by the stockholders of the Corporation in accordance with Section 242 of the DGCL at an annual meeting held on February 24, 2021. 
 
 2.
 Article VIII of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
 Except as otherwise required by law and subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may be called by (i) the Chairman of the Board, (ii) a majority of the members of the Board pursuant to a resolution approved by the Board, or (iii) the Secretary of the Corporation, following his or her receipt of one or more written demands to call a special meeting of the stockholders from stockholders who Own (as such term is defined in the Bylaws), in the aggregate, at least 15 of the Common Stock of the Corporation that is outstanding as of the record date for determining stockholders entitled to demand a special meeting fixed in accordance with the Bylaws and who otherwise comply with such other requirements and procedures set forth in the Bylaws, as now or hereinafter in effect. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice. 
 
 3.
 Except as amended hereby, all other provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation shall remain in full force and effect.

[ Remainder of this page intentionally left blank ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Corporation has caused this Certificate of Amendment to be signed by Jason K. Greene, its Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary, this 24th day of February, 2021. 
 BERRY GLOBAL GROUP, INC.
 By:
 /s/ Jason K. Greene
 Name:
 Jason K. Greene
 Title:
 Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF
 THE AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF BERRY GLOBAL GROUP, INC.
 Berry Global Group, Inc. (the Corporation ), a corporation organized and existing under the laws and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware,
 DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:
 1.
 This Certificate of Amendment (the Certificate of Amendment amends the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on March 6, 2015, as amended by the Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware effective on April 13, 2017, and has been duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation by unanimous written consent in lieu of a meeting in accordance with Sections 141(f) and 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL and by the stockholders of the Corporation in accordance with Section 242 of the DGCL at an annual meeting held on March 6, 2019. 
 2.
 Article VIII of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
 Except as otherwise required by law and subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may be called by (i) the Chairman of the Board, (ii) a majority of the members of the Board pursuant to a resolution approved by the Board, or (iii) the Secretary of the Corporation, following his or her receipt of one or more written demands to call a special meeting of the stockholders from stockholders who Own (as such term is defined in the Bylaws), in the aggregate, at least 25 of the Common Stock of the Corporation that is outstanding as of the record date for determining stockholders entitled to demand a special meeting fixed in accordance with the Bylaws and who otherwise comply with such other requirements and procedures set forth in the Bylaws, as now or hereinafter in effect. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice. 
 3.
 Except as amended hereby, all other provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation shall remain in full force and effect.
 [ Remainder of this page intentionally left blank ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Corporation has caused this Certificate of Amendment to be signed by Jason K. Greene, its Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary, this 6th day of March, 2019. 
 BERRY GLOBAL GROUP, INC.
 By: /s/ Jason K. Greene 
 Name: Jason K. Greene
 Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 

STATE OF DELAWARE
 CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT
 OF CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
 OF
 BERRY PLASTICS GROUP, INC.
 BERRY PLASTICS GROUP, INC. (the Corporation ), a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ), does hereby certify:
 FIRST : That pursuant to a unanimous written consent of the Board of Directors of the Corporation in lieu of a meeting, resolutions were duly adopted setting forth a proposed amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, declaring said amendment to be advisable. The resolution setting forth the proposed amendment is as follows:
 RESOLVED , that Article I of the Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation be, and hereby is amended in its entirety and shall hereafter read as follows:
 ARTICLE I
 The name of the Corporation (hereinafter called the Corporation is:
 BERRY GLOBAL GROUP, INC.
 RESOLVED , that all other references in the Certificate of Incorporation to Berry Plastics Group, Inc. be, and hereby are, amended to state Berry Global Group, Inc. 
 SECOND : That thereafter, pursuant to Sections 242(a)(1) and 242(b)(1), the Board of Directors determined that consent of the stockholders of the Corporation to the said amendment is not required by statute.
 THIRD : That said amendment was duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Section 242 of the DGCL by the unanimous written consent of the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
 FOURTH : This Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (and the said amendment referenced herein) shall be effective April 13, 2017.
 [Signature page follows]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , said corporation has caused this Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by an authorized officer, the 12 th day of April, 2017.
 BERRY PLASTICS GROUP, INC. , a Delaware corporation
 By: /s/ Jason Greene 
 Jason Greene
 Executive Vice President

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF
 THE AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF BERRY PLASTICS GROUP, INC.
 Berry Plastics Group, Inc. (the Corporation ), a corporation organized and existing under the laws and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware,
 DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:
 1.
 This Certificate of Amendment (the Certificate of Amendment amends the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on March 6, 2015, and has been duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation by unanimous written consent in lieu of a meeting in accordance with Sections 141(f) and 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL and by the stockholders of the Corporation in accordance with Section 242 of the DGCL at an annual meeting held on March 2, 2017. 
 2.
 Section 3 of Article V of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
 Section 3. Classes of Directors; Term of Office . (a) Except as provided in Section 3(b), the Board shall be and is divided into three classes, as nearly equal in number as possible, designated: Class I, Class II and Class III. In case of any increase or decrease, from time to time, in the number of directors, the number of directors in each class shall be apportioned as nearly equal as possible. No decrease in the number of directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director.
 (b) The terms of the directors shall be as follows: (i) at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in fiscal 2017, the Directors whose terms expire at that meeting or such directors successors shall be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in fiscal 2020; (ii) at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in fiscal 2018, the directors whose terms expire at that meeting or such directors successors shall be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in fiscal 2019; (iii) at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in fiscal 2019, the directors whose terms expire at that meeting or such directors successors shall be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in fiscal 2020; and (iv) at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in fiscal 2020 and at each annual meeting of stockholders thereafter, all directors shall be elected to hold office for a one year term expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3(a), beginning at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in fiscal 2020, the Board will not be divided into classes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, the term of each director shall continue until the election and qualification of his or her successor and be subject to his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. 
 3.
 Section 7 of Article V of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
 Section 7. Removal and Resignation of Directors . At any time when the Board is divided into classes, directors may be removed only for cause, and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the votes which all the stockholders would be entitled to cast in any annual election of directors or class of directors. At any time when the Board is not divided into classes, directors may be removed with or without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the votes which all the stockholders would be entitled to cast in any annual election of directors or class of directors. A director may resign at any time by filing his or her written resignation with the secretary of the Corporation. 
 4.
 Except as amended hereby, all other provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation shall remain in full force and effect.
 [ Remainder of this page intentionally left blank ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Corporation has caused this Certificate of Amendment to be signed by Jason K. Greene, its Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary, this 2 nd day of March, 2017. 
 BERRY PLASTICS GROUP, INC.
 By: /s/ Jason K. Greene 
 Name: Jason K. Greene
 Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary

AMENDED AND RESTATED
 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
 OF
 BERRY PLASTICS GROUP, INC.
 Berry Plastics Group, Inc. (the Corporation ), a corporation organized and existing under the laws and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware,
 DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:
 1.
 The name of the Corporation is BERRY PLASTICS GROUP, INC.
 2. The Corporation was originally incorporated under the name TP A Acquisition Corporation. The date of filing of the original Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware was November 18, 2005. The Corporation most recently filed the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 10, 2012.\
 3. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation amends and restates the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, as most recently amended by the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 10, 2012, and has been duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation by unanimous written consent in lieu of a meeting in accordance with Sections 141(f), 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL and by the stockholders of the Corporation in accordance with Sections 242 and 245 of the DGCL at an annual meeting held on March 4, 2015.
 4. The Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, as amended and restated hereby, shall, upon the effectiveness hereof, read in its entirety, as follows:
 ARTICLE I
 The name of the Corporation (hereinafter called the Corporation is:
 BERRY PLASTICS GROUP, INC.
 ARTICLE II
 The address of the Corporation s registered office in the State of Delaware is c/o National Registered Agents, Inc., 160 Greentree Drive, Suite 101, in the City of Dover, County of Kent, State of Delaware 19904. The name of the Corporation s registered agent at such address is National Registered Agents, Inc.
 ARTICLE III
 The purpose of the Corporation shall be to engage in any lawful act and activity for which corporations may be organized and incorporated under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as the same may be amended and supplemented.
 ARTICLE IV
 Section 1. Authorized Shares . The total number of shares of all classes of stock that the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 450,000,000 shares, of which 400,000,000 shares shall be common stock, 0.01 par value Common Stock and 50,000,000 shares shall be preferred stock, 0.01 par value Preferred Stock ).
 Section 2. Common Stock . Except as otherwise required by applicable law, all shares of Common Stock shall be identical in all respects and shall entitle the holders thereof to the same rights, subject to the same qualifications, limitations and restrictions. The terms of the Common Stock set forth below shall be subject to the express terms of any series of Preferred Stock.
 (a) Voting Rights . Except as otherwise required by applicable law, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted on by the Corporation s stockholders. No stockholder of the Corporation shall be entitled to exercise any right of cumulative voting.
 (b) Dividends . The holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive, as, if and when declared by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board out of the funds of the Corporation legally available therefor, such dividends (payable in cash, stock or otherwise) as the Board may from time to time determine, payable to stockholders of record on such dates, not exceeding 60 days preceding the dividend payment dates, as shall be fixed for such purpose by the Board in advance of payment of each particular dividend.
 (c) Liquidation . In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, after the distribution or payment of any liabilities and accrued but unpaid dividends and any liquidation preferences on any outstanding Preferred Stock, the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to stockholders shall be distributed among and paid to the holders of Common Stock ratably in proportion to the number of shares of Common Stock held by them respectively.
 Section 3. Preferred Stock . The Board is authorized to provide for the issuance from time to time of shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series and, by filing a certificate (a Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series, with such powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other rights, if any, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, if any, as are stated and expressed in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance thereof adopted by the Board (as such resolutions may be amended by a resolution or resolutions subsequently adopted by the Board), and as are not stated and expressed in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, including, but not limited to, determination of any of the following:
 (a) the distinctive designation of the series, whether by number, letter or title, and the number of shares which will constitute the series, which number may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares then outstanding and except to the extent otherwise provided in the applicable Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation) from time to time by action of the Board;
 (b) the dividend rate, if any, and the times of payment of dividends, if any, on the shares of the series, whether such dividends will be cumulative and, if so, from what date or dates, and the relation which such dividends, if any, shall bear to the dividends payable on any other class or classes of stock;
 (c) the price or prices at which, and the terms and conditions on which, the shares of the series may be redeemed at the option of the Corporation;
 (d) whether or not the shares of the series will be entitled to the benefit of a retirement or sinking fund to be applied to the purchase or redemption of such shares and, if so entitled, the amount of such fund and the terms and provisions relative to the operation thereof;
 (e) the amounts payable on, and the preferences, if any, of the shares of the series in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation;
 (f) whether or not the shares of the series will be convertible into, or exchangeable for, any other shares of stock of the Corporation or other securities and, if so convertible or exchangeable, the conversion price or prices, or the rates of exchange, and any adjustments thereof, at which such conversion or exchange may be made, and any other terms and conditions of such conversion or exchange;
 (g) whether or not the shares of the series will have priority over or be on a parity with or be junior to the shares of any other series or class of stock in any respect, or will be entitled to the benefit of limitations restricting the issuance of shares of any other series or class of stock, restricting the payment of dividends on or the making of other distributions in respect of shares of any other series or class of stock ranking junior to the shares of the series as to dividends or assets, or restricting the purchase or redemption of the shares of any such junior series or class, and the terms of any such restriction;
 (h) whether or not the shares of the series will have voting rights in addition to any voting rights provided by law and, if so, the terms of such voting rights; and
 (i) any other terms of the shares of the series.
 ARTICLE V
 Section 1. General Powers . Except as otherwise provided by applicable law or this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, in each case as the same may be amended and supplemented, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board.
 Section 2. Number of Directors . The number of directors that shall constitute the whole Board shall be as determined from time to time by a majority of the Board; provided , that in no event shall the total number of directors constituting the entire Board be less than three (3) nor more than fifteen (15). Election of directors need not be by written ballot.
 Section 3. Classes of Directors; Term of Office . The Board shall be and is divided into three classes, as nearly equal in number as possible, designated: Class I, Class II and Class III. In case of any increase or decrease, from time to time, in the number of directors, the number of directors in each class shall be apportioned as nearly equal as possible. No decrease in the number of directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director.
 Each director shall serve for a term ending on the date of the third annual meeting following the annual meeting at which such director was elected; provided , that each director initially appointed to Class I shall serve for a term expiring at the Corporation s annual meeting of stockholders held in 2013; each director initially appointed to Class II shall serve for a term expiring at the Corporation s annual meeting of stockholders held in 2014; and each director initially appointed to Class III shall serve for a term expiring at the Corporation s annual meeting of stockholders held in 2015; provided , further , that the term of each director shall continue until the election and qualification of his successor and be subject to his earlier death, resignation or removal.
 Section 4. Quorum . Except as otherwise provided by law, this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws, a majority of the total number of directors then in office shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the Board, but in no event shall less than one-third of the directors constitute a quorum. A majority of the directors present (though less than such quorum) may adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice.
 Section 5. Manner of Acting . Every act or decision done or made by the majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be regarded as the act of the Board unless the act of a greater number is required by law, this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws, in each case as the same may be amended and supplemented.
 Section 6. Vacancies . Any vacancy or newly created directorships in the Board, however occurring, shall be filled only by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, except as otherwise provided by law, and shall not be filled by the stockholders of the Corporation. A director elected to fill a vacancy shall hold office until the next election of the class for which such director shall have been chosen, subject to the election and qualification of a successor and to such director s earlier death, resignation or removal.
 If any applicable provision of the DGCL expressly confers power on stockholders to fill such a directorship at a special meeting of stockholders, such a directorship may be filled at such meeting only by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the votes which all the stockholders would be entitled to cast in any annual election of directors or class of directors. Any director elected to fill a vacancy not resulting from an increase in the number of directors shall have the same remaining term as that of his or her predecessor.
 Section 7. Removal and Resignation of Directors . Directors may be removed only for cause, and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the votes which all the stockholders would be entitled to cast in any annual election of directors or class of directors. A director may resign at any time by filing his written resignation with the secretary of the Corporation.
 Section 8. Voting Rights of Preferred Stock . Notwithstanding the foregoing, whenever the holders of any one or more series of Preferred Stock issued by the Corporation shall have the right, voting separately as a series or separately as a class with one or more such other series, to elect directors at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, the election, term of office, removal, filling of vacancies and other features of such directorships shall be governed by the terms of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designations relating to any series of Preferred Stock) applicable thereto, and such directors so elected shall not be divided into classes pursuant to this Article unless expressly provided by such terms.
 ARTICLE VI
 In furtherance and not in limitation of the rights, powers, privileges and discretionary authority granted or conferred by statute, the Board is expressly authorized to:
 (a) make, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws, without any action on the part of the stockholders of the Corporation and subject to any limitations that may be contained in such Bylaws, but any Bylaws adopted by the Board may be amended, modified or repealed by the stockholders entitled to vote thereon; and
 (b) from time to time to determine whether and to what extent, and at what times and places, and under what conditions and regulations, the accounts and books of the Corporation, or any of them, shall be open to inspection of stockholders; and, except as so determined or as expressly provided in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or in any Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation, no stockholder shall have any right to inspect any account, book or document of the Corporation other than such rights as may be conferred by applicable law.
 ARTICLE VII
 Any action required or permitted to be taken by the holders of the Common Stock of the Corporation must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of such holders and may not be effected by any consent or consents in writing by stockholders.
 ARTICLE VIII
 Except as otherwise required by law and subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by the Chairman of the Board or a majority of the members of the Board pursuant to a resolution approved by the Board, and special meetings may not be called by any other person or persons. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice.
 ARTICLE IX
 To the extent permitted by the DGCL, a director of the Corporation will not be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director except for liability (i) for any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the DGCL (or any successor provision thereto), or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived any improper personal benefit. Any repeal or amendment or modification of this Article IX by the stockholders of the Corporation or by changes in applicable law, or the adoption of any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article IX, will, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be prospective only (except to the extent such amendment or change in applicable law permits the Corporation to provide a broader limitation on a retroactive basis than permitted prior thereto), and will not adversely affect any limitation on the personal liability of any director of the Corporation at the time of such repeal or amendment or modification or adoption of such inconsistent provision. If any provision of the DGCL is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of our directors will be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as so amended.
 ARTICLE X
 (a) Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a proceeding ), by reason of the fact that he or she or a person of whom he or she is the legal representative is or was, at any time during which this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is in effect (whether or not such person continues to serve in such capacity at the time any indemnification or payment of expenses pursuant hereto is sought or at the time any proceeding relating thereto exists or is brought), a director or officer of the Corporation or is or was at any such time serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, trustee, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans maintained or sponsored by the Corporation (hereinafter, an indemnitee ), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, trustee, employee or agent or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, trustee, employee or agent, shall be (and shall be deemed to have a contractual right to be) indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation (and any successor of the Corporation by merger or otherwise) to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL as the same exists or may hereafter be amended or modified from time to time (but, in the case of any such amendment or modification, only to the extent that such amendment or modification permits the Corporation to provide greater indemnification rights than said law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment or modification), against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement) incurred or suffered by such person in connection therewith and such indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, trustee, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators; provided , however , that except as provided in paragraph (c) of this Article X, the Corporation shall indemnify any such person seeking indemnification in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board. The right to indemnification conferred in this Article X shall include the right, without the need for any action by the Board, to be paid by the Corporation (and any successor of the Corporation by merger or otherwise) the expenses incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition, such advances to be paid by the Corporation within twenty (20) days after the receipt by the Corporation of a statement or statements from the claimant requesting such advance or advances from time to time; provided , however , that if the DGCL requires, the payment of such expenses incurred by a director or officer in his or her capacity as a director or officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such person while a director or officer, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking (hereinafter, the undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right of appeal (a final disposition that such director or officer is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under this Article X or otherwise. The rights conferred upon indemnitees in this Article X shall be contract rights between the Corporation and each indemnitee to whom such rights are extended that vest at the commencement of such person s service to or at the request of the Corporation and all such rights shall continue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be a director or officer of the Corporation or ceased to serve at the Corporation s request as a director, officer, trustee, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, as described herein, and shall inure to the benefit of the indemnitee s heirs, executors and administrators.
 (b) To obtain indemnification under this Article X, a claimant shall submit to the Corporation a written request, including therein or therewith such documentation and information as is reasonably available to the claimant and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent the claimant is entitled to indemnification. Upon written request by a claimant for indemnification pursuant to the first sentence of this paragraph (b), a determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to the claimant s entitlement thereto shall be made as follows: (i) if requested by the claimant, by Independent Counsel (as hereinafter defined), or (ii) if no request is made by the claimant for a determination by Independent Counsel, (A) by the Board by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of Disinterested Directors (as hereinafter defined), (B) if a quorum of the Board consisting of Disinterested Directors is not obtainable or, even if obtainable, such quorum of Disinterested Directors so directs, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to the claimant, or (C) if a quorum of Disinterested Directors so directs, by a majority of the stockholders of the Corporation. In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board unless there shall have occurred within two years prior to the date of the commencement of the action, suit or proceeding for which indemnification is claimed a Change of Control as defined in the Berry Plastics Group, Inc. 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan in which case the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the claimant unless the claimant shall request that such selection be made by the Board. If it is so determined that the claimant is entitled to indemnification, payment to the claimant shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination.
 (c) If a claim under paragraph (a) of this Article X is not paid in full by the Corporation within thirty (30) days after a written claim pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Article X has been received by the Corporation (except in the case of a claim for advancement of expenses, for which the applicable period is twenty (20) days), the claimant may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim and, if successful in whole or in part, the claimant shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting such claim. It shall be a defense to any such action that the claimant has not met the standard of conduct which makes it permissible under the DGCL for the Corporation to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed or that the claimant is not entitled to the requested advancement of expenses, but (except where the required undertaking, if any, has not been tendered to the Corporation) the burden of proving such defense shall be on the Corporation. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its Board, Independent Counsel or stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant is proper in the circumstances because he or she has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its Board, Independent Counsel or stockholders) that the claimant has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that the claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct.
 (d) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Article X that the claimant is entitled to indemnification, the Corporation shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Article X.
 (e) The Corporation shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Article X that the procedures and presumptions of this Article X are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in such proceeding that the Corporation is bound by all the provisions of this Article X.
 (f) The right to indemnification and the payment of expenses incurred in defending a proceeding in advance of its final disposition conferred in this Article X: (i) shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or Disinterested Directors or otherwise and (ii) cannot be terminated by the Corporation, the Board or the stockholders of the Corporation with respect to a person s service prior to the date of such termination. Any amendment, modification, alteration or repeal of this Article X that in any way diminishes, limits, restricts, adversely affects or eliminates any right of an indemnitee or his or her successors to indemnification, advancement of expenses or otherwise shall be prospective only and shall not, without the written consent of the indemnitee, in any way diminish, limit, restrict, adversely affect or eliminate any such right with respect to any actual or alleged state of facts, occurrence, action or omission then or previously existing, or any action, suit or proceeding previously or thereafter brought or threatened based in whole or in part upon any such actual or alleged state of facts, occurrence, action or omission.
 (g) The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any current or former director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL. To the extent that the Corporation maintains any policy or policies providing such insurance, each such current or former director or officer, and each such agent or employee to which rights to indemnification have been granted as provided in paragraph (h) of this Article X, shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage thereunder for any such current or former director, officer, employee or agent.
 (h) The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer, grant rights to indemnification, and rights to be paid by the Corporation the expenses incurred in connection with any proceeding in advance of its final disposition, to any current or former employee or agent of the Corporation to the fullest extent of the provisions of this Article X with respect to the indemnification and advancement of expenses of current or former directors and officers of the Corporation.
 (i) If any provision or provisions of this Article X shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (i) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Article X (including, without limitation, each portion of any paragraph of this Article X containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby; and (ii) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Article X (including, without limitation, each such portion of any paragraph of this Article X containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable.
 (j) For purposes of this Article X:
 (i) Disinterested Director means a director of the Corporation who is not and was not a party to the matter in respect of which indemnification is sought by the claimant.
 (ii) Independent Counsel means a law firm, a member of a law firm, or an independent practitioner, that is experienced in matters of corporate law and shall include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would not have a conflict of interest in representing either the Corporation or the claimant in an action to determine the claimant s rights under this Article X.
 (k) Any notice, request or other communication required or permitted to be given to the Corporation under this Article X shall be in writing and either delivered in person or sent by telecopy, telex, telegram, overnight mail or courier service, or certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to the Secretary of the Corporation and shall be effective only upon receipt by the Secretary.
 ARTICLE XI
 Neither any contract or other transaction between the Corporation and any other corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, firm, association, or other entity (an Entity ), nor any other acts of the Corporation with relation to any other Entity will, in the absence of fraud, in any way be invalidated or otherwise affected by the fact that any one or more of the directors or officers of the Corporation are pecuniarily or otherwise interested in, or are directors, officers, partners, or members of, such other Entity (such directors, officers, and Entities, each a Related Person ). Any Related Person may be a party to, or may be pecuniarily or otherwise interested in, any contract or transaction of the Corporation, provided , that the fact that such person is a Related Person is disclosed or is known to the Board or a majority of directors present at any meeting of the Board at which action upon any such contract or transaction is taken; and any director of the Corporation who is also a Related Person may be counted in determining the existence of a quorum at any meeting of the Board during which any such contract or transaction is authorized and may vote thereat to authorize any such contract or transaction, with like force and effect as if such person were not a Related Person. Any director of the Corporation may vote upon any contract or any other transaction between the Corporation and any subsidiary or affiliated corporation without regard to the fact that such person is also a director or officer of such subsidiary or affiliated corporation.
 Any contract, transaction or act of the Corporation or of the directors that is ratified at any annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, or at any special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation called for such purpose, will, insofar as permitted by applicable law, be as valid and as binding as though ratified by every stockholder of the Corporation; provided , however , that any failure of the stockholders to approve or ratify any such contract, transaction or act, when and if submitted, will not be deemed in any way to invalidate the same or deprive the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees, of its or their right to proceed with such contract, transaction or act.
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of this Article XI.
 ARTICLE XII
 The Corporation elects not to be governed by Section 203 of the DGCL.
 ARTICLE XIII
 The Corporation reserves the right at any time from time to time to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, and any other provisions authorized by the laws of the State of Delaware at the time in force may be added or inserted, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by law; and all rights, preferences and privileges of whatsoever nature conferred upon stockholders, directors or any other persons whomsoever by and pursuant to this Certificate of Incorporation in its present form or as hereafter amended are granted subject to the right reserved in this Article.
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority in voting power of all the shares of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to modify, amend or repeal, this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.
 ARTICLE XIV
 If any provision or provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any circumstance for any reason whatsoever: (i) the validity, legality and enforceability of such provisions in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including, without limitation, each portion of any paragraph of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and (ii) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including, without limitation, each such portion of any paragraph of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to permit the Corporation to protect its directors, officers, employees and agents from personal liability in respect of their good faith service to or for the benefit of the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by law.
 ARTICLE XV
 Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, or (d) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each such case subject to such Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any share of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consent to the provisions of this Article XV.
 [REMAINDER OF THE PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, BERRY PLASTICS GROUP, INC. has caused this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by Jason K. Greene, General Counsel and Secretary, this 6th day of March, 2015.
 BERRY PLASTICS GROUP, INC.
 By: /s/ Jason K. Greene
 Name: Jason K. Greene
 Title: General Counsel and Secretary

</EX-3.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 exh21_1.htm
 EXH 21.1 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21.1
 
 BERRY GLOBAL GROUP, INC.
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES
 
 Ace Classic Medical Components (Shanghai) Company Limited
 Ace Corporation Holdings Limited
 Ace Industrial Technologies Limited
 Ace Medical Components Co Limited
 Ace Mold (HeFei) Company Limited
 Ace Mold (Shanghai) Company Limited
 Ace Mold (Zhuhai) Company Limited
 Ace Mold Company Limited
 Ace Mold Industrial (Shanghai) Company Limited
 Ace Mold Industrial (Shenzhen) Company Limited
 Ace Plastics (Shenzhen) Company Limited
 Ace Plastics (Zhuhai) Company Limited
 Ace Plastics Company Limited
 Ace Plastics Technologies Limited
 AEP Canada, Inc.
 AeroCon, LLC
 Aspen Industrial S.A. de C.V.
 Astra Plastique SAS
 Astrapak Manufacturing Holdings Proprietary Limited
 Astrapak Property Holdings Proprietary Limited
 AT Films Inc
 AT Films US Inc
 AVINTIV Inc.
 AVINTIV Acquisition LLC
 AVINTIV Specialty Materials LLC
 Bender GmbH
 Berry ACE Automation (Shenzhen) Company Limited
 Berry Ace Packaging (Jiaxing) Company Limited
 Berry Acquisition Company do Brasil Ltda.
 Berry Aschersleben GmbH
 Berry Beaut Marolles SAS
 Berry Bramlage Kolding A/S
 Berry do Brasil Ltda.
 Berry Dombuhl GmbH
 Berry EKE NV
 Berry Europe GmbH
 Berry Film Products Acquisition Company, Inc.
 Berry Film Products Company, Inc.
 Berry Gent NV
 Berry Global Films, LLC
 Berry Global France Holdings SAS
 Berry Global German Holdings GmbH
 Berry Global Group, Inc.
 Berry Global India Private Limited
 Berry Global International Financing Limited
 Berry Global International Holdings Limited
 Berry Global UK Holding Limited
 Berry Global, Inc.
 Berry Holding Company do Brasil Ltda.
 Berry Holding Denmark A/S
 Berry Norway Containers AS
 Berry Packaging Norway AS
 Berry PET Power France SASU
 Berry Plastics Acquisition Corporation V
 Berry Plastics Acquisition Corporation XIV, LLC
 Berry Plastics Acquisition LLC X
 Berry Plastics Asia Pacific Limited
 Berry Plastics Asia Pte. Ltd.
 Berry Plastics Canada, Inc.
 Berry Plastics de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V.
 Berry Plastics Design, LLC
 Berry Plastics Escrow, LLC
 Berry Plastics Filmco, Inc.
 Berry Plastics GmbH
 Berry Plastics Holding GmbH Co. KG
 Berry Plastics Hong Kong Limited
 Berry Plastics IK, LLC
 Berry Plastics International B.V.
 Berry Plastics International GmbH
 Berry Plastics Opco, Inc.
 Berry Plastics Qingdao Limited
 Berry Plastics SP, Inc.
 Berry Plastics Technical Services, Inc.
 Berry Slovakia SRO
 Berry Specialty Tapes, LLC
 Berry Superfos Balkan d o o
 Berry Superfos Besancon SAS
 Berry Superfos Bouxwiller SAS
 Berry Superfos Bremerv rde Management GmbH
 Berry Superfos Bremerv rde Packaging GmbH
 Berry Superfos Bremerv rde Print GmbH
 Berry Superfos Deventer BV
 Berry Superfos Italy SRL
 Berry Superfos La Genete SAS
 Berry Superfos Lidk ping AB
 Berry Superfos Lubie Sp z o o
 Berry Superfos Mullsj AB
 Berry Superfos Opfenbach GmbH
 Berry Superfos Packaging Solutions Kaltenkirchen GmbH
 Berry Superfos Pamplona SA
 Berry Superfos Pori Oy
 Berry Superfos Pozna Sp. z o o
 Berry Superfos Randers A/S
 Berry Superfos Stilling A/S
 Berry Superfos Wetteren NV
 Berry UK Containers Limited
 Berry UK Holdings Limited
 Berry UK Pension Trustees Limited
 Bonlam, S.A. DE C.V.
 BPI 2007 Limited
 BPI 2010 Limited
 BPI Formipac France SARL
 BPI General Partner Limited
 BPI International (No 2) Limited
 BPI International Limited
 BPI Limited
 BPI Limited Partner Limited
 BPI Pension Funding Limited Partnership
 BPRex Closure Systems, LLC
 BPRex Closures Kentucky Inc.
 BPRex Closures, LLC
 BPRex de Mexico S.A. de R.L. de CV
 BPRex Delta Inc.
 BPRex Healthcare Brookville Inc.
 BPRex Healthcare Offranville SAS
 BPRex Healthcare Packaging, Inc.
 BPRex Partipacoes Ltda
 BPRex Pharma Packaging India Private Limted
 BPRex Plastic Packaging (India) Private Limited
 BPRex Plastic Packaging de Mexico S.A. de C.V.
 BPRex Plastic Packaging, Inc.
 BPRex Plasticos Do Brasil Ltda
 BPRex Product Design Engineering Inc.
 BPRex Specialty Products Puerto Rico Inc.
 Brithene Films Limited
 British Polythene Industries Limited
 British Polythene Limited
 Caplas LLC
 Caplas Neptune, LLC
 Captive Plastics, LLC
 Cardinal Packaging, Inc.
 Chicopee Asia, Limited
 Chicopee Holdings B.V.
 Chicopee Holdings C.V.
 Chicopee LLC
 Chocksett Road Limited Partnership
 Chocksett Road Realty Trust
 Zedcor Limited
 Combipac BV
 Companhai Providencia Industria e Comercio
 Covalence Specialty Adhesives LLC
 CPI Holding Corporation
 Delta Polythene Limited
 Dominion Textile (USA), L.L.C.
 Dominion Textile Inc.
 Dongguan First Packaging Co. Limited
 Dongguan United Packaging Co., Limited
 Dounor SAS
 Dumpling Rock, LLC
 ESE BV
 ESE France SAS
 ESE GmbH
 ESE Holding SASU
 ESE Holdings Limited
 ESE Kft
 ESE NV
 ESE Sp. z o.o.
 ESE Sweden Holding AB
 ESE World BV
 ESE World Limited
 Estero Porch, LLC
 Fabrene, Inc.
 Fabrene, L.L.C.
 Fiberweb (Tianjin) Specialty Nonwovens Company Limited
 Fiberweb Berlin GmbH
 Fiberweb France SAS
 Fiberweb Geosynthetics Limited
 Fiberweb Holding Deutschland GmbH
 Fiberweb Holdings Limited
 Fiberweb Italia SRL
 Fiberweb Limited
 Fiberweb, LLC
 Fiberweb Terno D'Isola SRL
 Financiere Daunou 1 SA
 Flexfilm Limited
 Fortune Best Trading Limited
 Galion Distribution SARL
 Galion International SA
 Galion SA
 Galion Senegal SA
 GCS Holdco Finance II SARL
 GDMH SA
 Genius World Holding Ltd
 Global Closure Systems America 1, Inc.
 Global Closure Systems France 1 SAS
 Global Closure Systems Germany GmbH
 Global Closure Systems Spain SLU
 Global Closure Systems UK Limited
 Grafco Industries Limited Partnership
 Grupo de Servicios Berpla, S. de R.L. de C.V.
 Irish Polythene Industries Limited
 J P Plast S R O
 J P Plast Slovakia spol S R O
 Jacinto Mexico, S.A. de C.V.
 Jagtenberg Beheer BV
 Jiangmen United Packaging Co., Limited
 Jordan Plastics Limited
 Kerr Group, LLC
 Knight Plastics, LLC
 Lacroix Holdings Ltd
 Laddawn, Inc.
 Lamb's Grove, LLC
 Letica Corporation
 Letica Resources, Inc.
 LLC ESE South America S.R.L.
 Lunifera Investments Proprietary Limited
 M H Plastics Inc
 Marcom Plastics Proprietary Limited
 Massmould Limited
 Maynard Harris Group Limited
 Maynard Harris Plastics
 Maynard Harris Plastics (UK) Limited
 Millham, LLC
 Multicom SRL
 Nanhai Nanxin Non Woven Co. Ltd
 Nordfolien GmbH
 Nordfolien Polska Sp. z o.o.
 Obrist (Thailand) Co Limited
 Obrist Closures Switzerland GmbH
 Obrist Eastern Europe SRL
 Obrist Iberia SLU
 Obrist Italia Srl
 Old Hickory Steamworks, LLC
 Packerware, LLC
 PET Power BV
 PET Power Handels GmbH
 Pfizer Investment Ltd
 PGI Acquisition Limited
 PGI Argentina S.A.
 PGI Colombia LTDA
 PGI Europe LLC
 PGI France SAS
 PGI Holdings B.V.
 PGI Netherlands Holdings (NO. 2) B.V.
 PGI Non-Woven (China) Company Limited
 PGI Nonwovens (Mauritius)
 PGI Nonwovens B.V.
 PGI Polymer LLC
 PGI Spain S.L. U
 Plasgran Limited
 Plastiape S.p.A.
 Pliant de Mexico S.A. de C.V.
 Pliant International, LLC
 Pliant, LLC
 Polymer Group Holdings C.V.
 Poly-Seal, LLC
 Promens AS (Estonia)
 Promens Asia Limited
 Promens Do Brasil Servi os Ltda
 Promens Firenze SRL
 Promens Holding OU
 Promens Italy SRL
 Promens Monastir SARL
 Promens Munchen GmbH
 Promens OY
 Promens Packaging GmbH
 Promens Packaging Limited
 Promens Packaging SAU
 Promens Personal Healthcare GmbH
 Promens SA
 Promens SARL
 Promens Zevenaar BV
 Providencia USA, Inc.
 Pro-Western Plastics Ltd
 PWS Danmark A/S
 PWS Finland OY
 PWS Nordic AB
 Rafypak, S.A. de C.V.
 Rigid Plastic Containers Holdings Limited
 Rollpak Corporation
 Romfilms Limited
 RPC 2017 Holding Company Limited
 RPC Ace Company Limited
 RPC ACE Plastics (Hefei) Co Limited
 RPC Africa Holdings Pty Limited
 RPC Asia Pacific Holdings Limited
 RPC Astrapak Proprietary Limited
 RPC Australia Holdings Pty Limited
 RPC Bramlage Dinklage GmbH Co KG
 RPC Bramlage Division GmbH Co KG
 RPC Bramlage Food GmbH
 RPC Bramlage GmbH
 RPC Bramlage Inc.
 RPC Bramlage Warszawa Sp.z.o.o.
 RPC Bramlage Werkzeugbau GmbH Co KG
 RPC Bramlage Yekaterinburg LLC
 RPC Containers Limited
 RPC Containers Pension Trustees Limited
 RPC Emballages Moirans SAS
 RPC Emballages Montpont SAS
 RPC Emballages SAS
 RPC Envases SA
 RPC Folio Holdings GmbH
 RPC Formatec GmbH
 RPC Formatec Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH
 RPC Group Limited
 RPC Leopard Holdings, Inc.
 RPC Packaging (Deutschland) BV Co KG
 RPC Packaging Brasil Ind stria e Com rcio de Embalagens Ltda
 RPC Packaging BV
 RPC Packaging Europe BV
 RPC Packaging Holdings (Deutschland) BV Co KG
 RPC Packaging Holdings (US) Inc
 RPC Packaging Holdings Brazil BV
 RPC Packaging Holdings BV
 RPC Packaging Holdings Limited
 RPC Pisces Holdings Limited
 RPC Promens Group AS
 RPC Promens Group BV
 RPC Promens Industrial Crailsheim GmbH
 RPC Superfos US, Inc.
 RPC Tedeco-Gizeh (UK) Limited
 RPC Verpackungen Kutenholz GmbH
 RPC Verwaltungsgesellschaft BV
 RPC WIKO GmbH
 RPC Wiko Verwaltungsgellschaft GmbH
 RPC Zeller Plastik Libertyville, Inc.
 Saffron Acquisition, LLC
 Megafilm Limited
 SC Romfilms SRL
 SCI Vertuquet
 Scott Robertson Limited
 Setco, LLC
 SPA Galion Algerie
 Spec Molders Proprietary Limited
 Spec Tool and Die and General Engineering Proprietary Limited
 Strata Products Limited
 Sugden, LLC
 Sun Coast Industries, LLC
 Superfos Tamworth Limited
 Terram Defencell Limited
 Terram Limited
 Tyco Acquisition Alpha LLC
 UAB ESE Baltija
 Uniplast Holdings, LLC
 Uniplast U.S., Inc.
 Venture Packaging, Inc.
 Venture Packaging Midwest, Inc.
 Weener Plastop Proprietary Limited
 Zeller Engineering GmbH
 Zeller Plastik Deutschland GmbH
 Zeller Plastik Espana SLU
 Zeller Plastik France SAS
 Zeller Plastik Italia Srl
 Zeller Plastik Mexico SA de CV
 Zeller Plastik Philippines Inc
 Zeller Plastik Poland Sp. z o.o.
 Zeller Plastik Shanghai Limited

</EX-21.1>

<EX-22.1>
 4
 exh22_1.htm
 EX 22.1 LIST OF SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS

EXHIBIT 22.1
 Guaranteed Securities 
 
 The following securities (collectively, the Berry Global Senior Secured Notes issued by Berry Global, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Berry Global Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), were outstanding as of September 30, 2023.
 
 Description of Notes
 0.95 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2024
 1.00 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2025
 4.875 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2026
 1.57 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2026
 1.50 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2027
 1.65 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2027
 5.50 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2028
 4.50 Second Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2026
 5.625 Second Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2027
 
 Obligors 
 
 As of September 30, 2023, the obligors under the Berry Global Senior Secured Notes consisted of the Company, as a guarantor, and its subsidiaries listed in the following table:
 
 Name
 Jurisdiction
 Obligor Type
 AeroCon, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 AVINTIV Acquisition LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 AVINTIV Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 AVINTIV Specialty Materials LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Film Products Acquisition Company, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Film Products Company, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Global Films, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Global, Inc.
 Delaware
 Issuer
 Berry Plastics Acquisition Corporation V
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Plastics Acquisition Corporation XIV LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Plastics Acquisition LLC X
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Plastics Design, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Plastics Escrow LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Plastics Filmco, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Plastics IK, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Plastics Opco, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Plastics SP, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Plastics Technical Services, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Specialty Tapes, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 BPRex Closure Systems, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 BPRex Closures Kentucky Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 BPRex Closures, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 BPRex Delta Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 BPRex Healthcare Brookville Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 BPRex Healthcare Packaging, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 BPRex Plastic Packaging, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 BPRex Product Design and Engineering Inc.
 Minnesota
 Guarantor
 BPRex Specialty Products Puerto Rico Inc.
 New Jersey
 Guarantor
 Caplas LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Caplas Neptune, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Captive Plastics, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Cardinal Packaging, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Chicopee LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Chocksett Road Limited Partnership
 Massachusetts
 Guarantor
 Chocksett Road Realty Trust
 Massachusetts
 Guarantor
 Covalence Specialty Adhesives LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 CPI Holding Corporation
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Dominion Textile (USA), L.L.C.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Dumpling Rock, LLC
 Massachusetts
 Guarantor
 Estero Porch, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Fabrene, L.L.C.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Fiberweb, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Global Closure Systems America 1, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Grafco Industries Limited Partnership
 Maryland
 Guarantor
 Kerr Group, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Knight Plastics, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Laddawn, Inc.
 Massachusetts
 Guarantor
 Lamb s Grove, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Letica Corporation
 Michigan
 Guarantor
 Letica Resources, Inc.
 Michigan
 Guarantor
 M H Plastics, Inc.
 Virginia
 Guarantor
 Millham, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Old Hickory Steamworks, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Packerware, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 PGI Europe LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 PGI Polymer LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Pliant International, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Pliant, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Poly-Seal, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Providencia USA, Inc.
 North Carolina
 Guarantor
 Rollpak Corporation
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 RPC Bramlage, Inc.
 Pennsylvania
 Guarantor
 RPC Leopard Holdings, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 RPC Packaging Holdings (US), Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 RPC Superfos US, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 RPC Zeller Plastik Libertyville, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Saffron Acquisition, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Setco, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Sugden, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Sun Coast Industries, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Tyco Acquisition Alpha LLC
 Nevada
 Guarantor
 Uniplast Holdings, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Uniplast U.S., Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Venture Packaging Midwest, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Venture Packaging, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor

Pledged Security Collateral 
 
 As of September 30, 2023, the obligations under the Berry Global Senior Secured Notes were secured by pledges of the capital stock of the following affiliates of the Company:
 
 Name
 Country
 State
 Owned by
 Percentage of
 Outstanding Shares/
 Membership/
 Partnership Interests
 Percentage
 of Owned
 Interests
 Pledged
 AEP Canada Inc.
 Canada
 
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 65 
 AeroCon, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Aspen Industrial S.A. de C.V.
 Mexico
 
 Pliant, LLC and Pliant Corporation International
 (1 share)
 100.00 
 65 
 AVINTIV Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 AVINTIV Acquisition LLC
 USA
 DE
 AVINTIV Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 AVINTIV Specialty Materials LLC
 USA
 DE
 AVINTIV Acquisition LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Film Products Acquisition Company, Inc. (f/k/a Clopay Plastic Products Acquisition Company, Inc.)
 USA
 DE
 Berry Film Products Company, Inc. (f/k/a Clopay Plastic Products Company, Inc.)
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Film Products Company, Inc. (f/k/a Clopay Plastic Products Company, Inc.)
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Global Films, LLC (f/k/a Berry Plastics Acquisition Corporation XV, LLC)
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Global International Financing Limited
 UK
 
 AVINTIV Inc.
 100.00 
 65 
 Berry Global, Inc. (f/k/a Berry Plastics Corporation)
 USA
 DE
 Berry Plastics Group, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Global German Holdings GmbH
 Germany
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 65 
 Berry Plastics Acquisition Corporation V
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Plastics Acquisition Corporation XIV, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Plastics Acquisition LLC X
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Plastics Canada, Inc.
 Canada
 
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 65 
 Berry Plastics de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V.
 Mexico
 
 Berry Plastics Acquisition Corporation V
 100.00 
 65 
 Berry Plastics Design, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Plastics Escrow, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Plastics Filmco, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Plastics IK, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Plastics International B.V.
 Netherlands
 
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 65 
 Berry Plastics Opco, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Plastics SP, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Plastics Technical Services, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Venture Packaging, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Specialty Tapes, LLC (f/k/a Berry Plastics Acquisition Corporation XI)
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry UK Holdings Limited
 UK
 
 AVINTIV Inc.
 100.00 
 65 
 BPRex Closure Systems, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 BPRex Closures Kentucky Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 BPRex Closures, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 BPRex de Mexico S.A. de R.L. de CV
 Mexico
 
 Berry Global, Inc. and Berry Plastics Acquisition LLC X (1 share)
 100.00 
 65 
 BPRex Delta Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 BPRex Healthcare Brookville Inc.
 USA
 DE
 BPRex Plastic Packaging, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 BPRex Healthcare Packaging, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 BPRex Plastic Packaging, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 BPRex Plastic Packaging de Mexico S.A. de C.V.
 Mexico
 
 Berry Global, Inc.
 50.00 
 65 1 
 BPRex Plastic Packaging de Mexico S.A. de C.V.
 Mexico
 
 BPRex Healthcare Packaging, Inc.
 50.00 
 
 BPRex Plastic Packaging, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 BPRex Product Design Engineering Inc.
 USA
 MN
 BPRex Healthcare Brookville, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 BPRex Specialty Products Puerto Rico Inc.
 USA
 NJ
 BPRex Plastic Packaging, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Caplas LLC
 USA
 DE
 Captive Plastics LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 Caplas Neptune, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Captive Plastics LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 Captive Plastics, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Plastics SP, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Cardinal Packaging, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 CPI Holding Corporation
 100.00 
 100 
 Chicopee Asia, Limited
 Hong Kong
 
 Chicopee LLC
 100.00 
 65 
 Chicopee Holdings B.V.
 Netherlands
 
 PGI Europe LLC
 100.00 
 65 
 Chicopee LLC
 USA
 DE
 PGI Polymer LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 Chocksett Road Limited Partnership
 USA
 MA
 Berry Global, Inc.
 98 Limited Partnership Interests
 2 General Partnership Interests
 100 
 Chocksett Road Realty Trust
 USA
 MA
 Chocksett Road Limited Partnership
 Sole Beneficiary
 100 
 Berry Holding Company do Brasil Ltda.
 Brazil
 
 Berry Film Products Company, Inc. (f/k/a Clopay Plastic Products Company, Inc.)
 99.99 
 65 2 
 Berry Holding Company do Brasil Ltda.
 Brazil
 
 Berry Global, Inc.
 0.01 
 
 Covalence Specialty Adhesives LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 CPI Holding Corporation
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Dominion Textile (USA), L.L.C.
 USA
 DE
 Chicopee LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 Dumpling Rock, LLC
 USA
 MA
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Estero Porch, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Fabrene, Inc.
 Canada
 AVINTIV Inc.
 100.00 
 65 
 Fabrene, L.L.C.
 USA
 DE
 PGI Europe LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 Fiberweb, LLC f/k/a Fiberweb, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 PGI Europe LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 Fiberweb Holdings Ltd.
 UK
 PGI Europe LLC
 100.00 
 65 
 Global Closure Systems America 1, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 RPC Packaging Holdings (US), Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Grafco Industries Limited Partnership
 USA
 MD
 Caplas LLC
 99.00 
 100 
 Grafco Industries Limited Partnership
 USA
 MD
 Caplas Neptune, LLC
 1.00 
 100 
 Grupo de Servicios Berpla, S. de R.L. de C.V.
 Mexico
 
 Berry Plastics Acquisition Corporation V
 65.00 
 65 
 Grupo de Servicios Berpla, S. de R.L. de C.V.
 Mexico
 Berry Plastics Acquisition Corporation XIV
 35.00 
 65 
 Kerr Group, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Knight Plastics, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Plastics SP, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Laddawn, Inc.
 USA
 MA
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Lamb s Grove, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Letica Corporation
 USA
 DE
 RPC Leopard Holdings, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Letica Resources, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 RPC Leopard Holdings, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 M H Plastics, Inc.
 USA
 VA
 AVINTIV Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Millham, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Old Hickory Steamworks, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Fiberweb, LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 Packerware, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Plastics SP, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 PGI Acquisition Limited
 UK
 
 PGI Europe LLC
 100.00 
 65 
 PGI Europe LLC
 USA
 DE
 Chicopee LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 PGI Nonwovens (Mauritius)
 Mauritius
 
 PGI Polymer LLC
 100.00 
 65 
 PGI Polymer LLC
 USA
 DE
 Avintiv Specialty Materials LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 PGI Spain SLU
 Spain
 PGI Europe LLC
 100.00 
 65 
 Pliant de Mexico S.A. de C.V.
 Mexico
 
 Pliant, LLC
 36.03 
 65 
 Pliant International, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Pliant, LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 Pliant, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Poly-Seal, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Providencia USA, Inc.
 USA
 NC
 Chicopee LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 Rollpak Corporation
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 RPC Bramlage, Inc.
 USA
 PA
 RPC Packaging Holdings (US), Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 RPC Leopard Holdings, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 RPC Packaging Holdings (US), Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 RPC Packaging Holdings (US), Inc.
 USA
 DE
 AVINTIV Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 RPC Superfos US, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 RPC Packaging Holdings (US), Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 RPC Zeller Plastik Libertyville, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Global Closure Systems America 1, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Saffron Acquisition, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Kerr Group, LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 Setco, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Kerr Group, LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 Sugden, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Sun Coast Industries, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Saffron Acquisition, LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 Uniplast Holdings, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Pliant, LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 Uniplast U.S., Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Uniplast Holdings, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Venture Packaging Midwest, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Venture Packaging, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Venture Packaging, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 

1 65 of the aggregate stock of BPRex Plastic Packaging de Mexico S.A. de C.V. is pledged.
 2 65 of the aggregate stock of Berry Holding Company do Brasil Ltda. is pledged.

</EX-22.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 exh23_1.htm
 EXH 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements:
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-203173) pertaining to the Berry Plastics Group, Inc. 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan,
 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-224252) pertaining to the Berry Global Group, Inc. 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan (f/k/a Berry Plastics Group, Inc. 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan),
 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-255783) pertaining to the Amended and Restated Berry Global Group, Inc. 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan (f/k/a Berry Plastics Group, Inc. 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan), and
 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-259272) pertaining to the Berry Global Group, Inc. S-4 Registration Statement;
 
 of our reports dated November 17, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Berry Global Group, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Berry Global Group, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Berry Global Group, Inc. for the year ended September 30, 2023.
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP

Indianapolis, Indiana
 November 17, 2023

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 exh31_1.htm
 EXH 31.1 RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.1
 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION
 
 I, Kevin Kwilinski, Chief Executive Officer of Berry Global Group, Inc., certify that:
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Berry Global Group, Inc. (the "Registrant");
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
 
 4. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared;
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
 
 5. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting.
 
 By:
 /s/ Kevin Kwilinski
 Date: November 17, 2023
 Kevin Kwilinski
 Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 exh31_2.htm
 EXH 31.2 RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.2
 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION
 
 I, Mark W. Miles, Chief Financial Officer of Berry Global Group, Inc., certify that:
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Berry Global Group, Inc. (the "Registrant");
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
 
 4. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared;
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
 
 5. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting.
 
 By:
 /s/ Mark W. Miles
 Date: November 17, 2023
 Mark W. Miles
 Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 exh32_1.htm
 EXH 32.1 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT 32.1
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
 
 In connection with the annual report of Berry Global Group, Inc. (the "Registrant") on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Kevin Kwilinski, Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.
 
 /s/ Kevin Kwilinski
 Kevin Kwilinski
 Chief Executive Officer
 
 Date: November 17, 2023

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 exh32_2.htm
 EXH 32.2 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 32.2
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
 
 In connection with the annual report of Berry Global Group, Inc. (the "Registrant") on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Mark W. Miles, the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.
 
 /s/ Mark W. Miles
 Mark W. Miles
 Chief Financial Officer
 
 Date: November 17, 2023

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 10
 exh97_1.htm
 EXH 97.1 AMENDED AND RESTATED COMPENSATION RECOVERY POLICY

EXHIBIT 97.1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED

 COMPENSATION RECOVERY POLICY

 Adopted November 1, 2023

 Purpose 

 The Compensation Talent Development Committee (the Committee of the Board of Directors (the Board of Berry Global Group, Inc.
 (the Company believes that it is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders to create and maintain a culture that emphasizes
 integrity and accountability, and that reinforces the Company's pay-for-performance compensation philosophy. The Committee has therefore adopted this Amended and Restated Compensation Recovery Policy (the Policy which provides for the recovery of certain executive compensation in accordance with the New York Stock Exchange listing standards effective October 2, 2023 (the Listing
 Standard ).

 Definitions 

 For purposes of this Policy, the following terms shall have the following meaning: 

Covered Executives means the Company's current and former executive officers as determined by the Committee in
 accordance with Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and the Listing Standard, and such other senior executives and employees who may from time to time be deemed subject to this Policy by the Committee.

 Effective Date means
 the date this Policy is adopted by the Committee.

 Incentive
 Compensation means any cash or equity-based compensation that is Received by a Covered Executive after the effective date of the Listing Standard upon the attainment of a performance goal based on one or more of the following measures:
 (i) any financial reporting measures that are based on accounting principles using the Company s financial statements and any measures derived, wholly or in part, from these financial reporting measures, including GAAP and non-GAAP financial
 measures; (ii) Company stock price; or (iii) Company total shareholder return TSR (each measure referred to as a Financial Goal ). For the avoidance of doubt, a Financial Goal need not
 be presented in the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the SEC. The Covered Executive s cash or equity-based compensation that is based purely on non-financial reporting measures (such as the Covered Executive s
 salary, discretionary cash bonuses, and time-based vesting stock options and restricted stock) is not Incentive Compensation subject to this Policy.

 Incentive Compensation is deemed Received in the fiscal period during which the Financial Goal is attained. If an award is subject to multiple vesting conditions, it is deemed Received by the Covered Executive during the fiscal period that the Financial Goal is attained, even if payment, vesting or grant of the Incentive Compensation occurs after the end of that fiscal
 period.

Restatement means an event that (i) requires the Company to (A) prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the federal securities
 laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements and (B) file an Item 4.02 Form 8-K, or (ii) would result in a material
 misstatement if the error in previously issued financial statements was corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period.

Triggering Events 

 This Policy will be triggered on (the Triggering Event the earlier of:

i. 
 
 The date the Committee or the Company s Chief Financial Officer concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare a Restatement,
 or

ii. 
 
 The date a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare a Restatement.

Recovery of Compensation 

 Upon the occurrence of a Triggering Event, the Company shall recover Incentive Compensation that is Received by a
 person (i) after beginning service as a Covered Executive, (ii) who served as a Covered Executive an any time during the performance period for the applicable Incentive Compensation and (iii) during the three completed fiscal years that immediately
 precede the date the Company is required to prepare a Restatement and any transition period (that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year) of less
 than nine months within or immediately following those three completed fiscal years . In the event recovery is required by this Policy, the Committee will, in its sole discretion, determine the method for recovering Incentive Compensation for
 the relevant period, which methods may include, without limitation, one or more of the following:

requiring reimbursement of cash Incentive Compensation previously paid;

offsetting the recovered amount from any compensation otherwise owed by the Company to the Covered Executive;

seeking recovery of any gain realized on the vesting, exercise, settlement, sale, transfer, or other disposition of any equity-based awards;

cancelling the payment, grant or vesting of any pending Incentive Compensation award;

cancelling outstanding vested or unvested equity awards; and/or

reverting to unvested any equity-based Incentive Compensation that vested as a result of a Financial Goal being attained.

For the avoidance of
 doubt, except as set forth under Interpretation and Limitations below, in no event will the Company accept an amount that is less than the amount of erroneously awarded Incentive Compensation in satisfaction of a Covered Executive s obligations hereunder. The amount of erroneously awarded Incentive Compensation that is subject to recovery is the amount the Covered Executive
 Received in excess of the amount that would have been Received based on the financial statements following the Restatement. Any erroneously awarded compensation is computed on a pre-tax basis.

 For erroneously awarded Incentive Compensation based on TSR or stock price, the recovered amount must be based on a
 reasonable and documented estimate of the effect of the Restatement on the applicable financial measure.

 For cash awards, the erroneously awarded Incentive Compensation is the difference between the amount of the cash award
 (whether payable as a lump sum or over time) that was Received and the amount that should have been Received applying the restated financial reporting measure. For cash awards paid from bonus pools, the erroneously awarded Incentive Compensation is
 the pro rata portion of any deficiency that results from the aggregate bonus pool that is reduced based on applying the restated financial reporting measure.

2 

For equity awards, if the shares or equity awards are still held at the time of recovery, the erroneously awarded
 Incentive Compensation is the number of such securities Received in excess of the number that should have been Received applying the restated financial reporting measure (or the value of that excess number). If shares have been issued upon exercise
 or settlement of the equity awards, but the underlying shares have not been sold, the erroneously awarded compensation is the number of shares underlying the excess equity awards (or the value thereof).

 The Committee reserves the right, which it shall exercise in its sole discretion, to take any other remedial and
 recovery action permitted by law for recovery purposes.

 Administration 

 This Policy shall be administered by the Committee. Any determinations made by the Committee shall be final and
 binding on all affected individuals. In the event of a Restatement, the Committee shall take reasonably prompt action after the date of the Restatement to determine the amount of any erroneously awarded Incentive Compensation for each Covered Executive in connection with such Restatement and, thereafter,
 shall promptly provide each Covered Executive with a written notice containing the amount of erroneously awarded Incentive Compensation and a demand for repayment or return, as applicable. 

 Interpretation and Limitations 

 The Committee is authorized to interpret this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate or
 advisable for the administration of this Policy. The Committee shall consider, among other things, when deciding whether to require recovery of compensation under this policy, whether: (i) recovery would violate foreign home country laws; 1 
 (ii) recovery would be impracticable (e.g., expenses paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy against a Covered Executive would exceed the
 amount to be recovered); 2 or (iii) recovery would be from a tax-qualified plan.

 Notwithstanding the terms of any of the Company s organizational documents, any corporate policy or any contract, the
 Company shall not indemnify any current or Covered Executive against the risk of enforcement under this Policy (including the loss of any erroneously awarded Compensation itself), nor shall it provide any insurance protection against the same.

 Amendment; Termination 

 The Committee may amend this Policy from time to time in its discretion and shall amend this Policy as it deems
 necessary to reflect regulations that may be adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission under Section 10D of the Exchange Act and to comply with any rules or standards adopted by a national securities exchange on which the Company's shares are
 listed. The Committee may terminate this Policy at any time.

1 Before
 determining that recovery would be a violation of any home country law, the Company will obtain an opinion of home country counsel and provide a copy of the opinion in a form acceptable to the NYSE. 

 2 Before determining
 that recovery would be impracticable, the Company will make a reasonable attempt to recover, document such attempts, and provided such documentation to the NYSE. 

3 

Other Recovery Rights 

 The Committee intends that this Policy will be applied to the fullest extent of the law. The Committee may require
 that any employment agreement, equity award agreement or similar agreement entered into on or after the Effective Date shall, as a condition to the grant of any benefit thereunder, require a Covered Executive to agree to abide by the terms of this
 Policy, including pursuant to the written acknowledgement in the form set forth on Exhibit A; provided that, failure to provide notice of the Policy or obtain
 such an agreement or acknowledgement shall have no impact on the applicability or enforceability of this Policy. Any right of recovery under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recovery that may be
 available to the Company pursuant to the terms of any similar policy in any employment agreement, equity award agreement or similar agreement and any other legal remedies available to the Company.

 Successors 

 This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors,
 administrators or other legal representatives.

4 

Exhibit A

 BERRY GLOBAL GROUP, INC. (the Company 
 AMENDED RESTATED COMPENSATION RECOVERY POLICY

 ACKNOWLEDGEMENT FORM

By signing below, the undersigned (i) acknowledges and confirms that the undersigned has received and reviewed a copy of
 the Company s Amended Restated Compensation Recovery Policy (the Policy and (ii) acknowledges and agrees that the undersigned is and will
 continue to be subject to the Policy and that the Policy will apply both during and after the undersigned s employment with the Company, including with respect to any employment agreement, equity award agreement or similar agreement with the
 undersigned. Further, by signing below, the undersigned agrees to abide by the terms of the Policy, including, without limitation, by returning any erroneously awarded Incentive Compensation (as defined in the Policy) to the Company to the extent required by, and in a manner permitted by, the Policy.

______________________________ 
 Signature

Print Name:

Date:

5 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 bery-20230930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 bery-20230930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 bery-20230930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 bery-20230930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 bery-20230930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

