<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231010_10-K_edgar_data_1554906_0001477932-23-007496.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2055085</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>66016</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>532058</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>450210</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>387774</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>581460</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-007496.hdr.sgml : 20231010
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231010120641
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-007496
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20220430
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231010
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231010

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Crown Baus Capital Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001554906
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		IRS NUMBER:				990373498
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-183239
		FILM NUMBER:		231316860

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 205 - 2383 KING GEORGE BLVD SURREY
		CITY:			BRITISH COLUMBIA
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V4A 5A
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1 877-734-8420

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 205 - 2383 KING GEORGE BLVD SURREY
		CITY:			BRITISH COLUMBIA
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V4A 5A

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CROWN BAUS CAPITAL CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140724

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CANNABIS CAPITAL CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140303

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WORLD STEVIA CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130823

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-007496.txt : 20231010

10-K
 1
 cbca_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

cbca_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal years ended , and 2021 Commission File Number: (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) Registrant s telephone number: ) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered. OTC Markets Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Larger accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company Indicate by check mark whether registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates as of October 5, 2023 (the last business day of the registrants most recently completed second fiscal quarter), was approximately based on the per share closing price as of October 5, 2023, quoted on OTC Market Group Expert Market for the registrant s common stock, which was 0.001. CROWN BAUS CAPITAL CORP. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the years ended April 30, 2022, and 2021 TABLE OF CONTENTS Part I Item 1 Business 4 Item 1A Risk Factors 4 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 4 Item 2 Properties 4 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 4 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 4 Part II Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 5 Item 6 Selected Financial Data 6 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 6 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 8 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 9 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 10 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 10 Item 9B Other Information 11 Part III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 12 Item 11 Executive Compensation 15 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 17 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 17 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 17 Part IV Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 18 Signatures 19 2 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Information included or incorporated by reference in this Report contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements, which involve assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies, and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words may, will, should, expect, anticipate, estimate, believe, intend or project or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. Among the material risks which may impact Forward Looking Statements are the following: the risk that we are unsuccessful in obtaining additional capital through the private sale of common shares, debt and/or convertible debt on commercially reasonable terms and which we require in order to fund the Company s business; the risk that we are unsuccessful in growing and developing our business, and the risk that our business does not perform to expectations, or does not operate profitably. The safe harbor provisions of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, apply to forward-looking statements made by the Company. The reader is cautioned that no statements contained in this Report should be construed as a guarantee or assurance of future performance or results. Actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed in forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, without limitation, the risks described in this report and matters described in this report generally. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this filing will in fact occur. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, and the Company assumes no obligation to update this information. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by the Company in this Report and in the Company s other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission that attempt to advise interested parties of certain of the risks and factors that may affect the Company s business. As used in this annual report, the terms we , us , our , the Company , and Crown Baus mean Crown Baus Capital Corp., unless otherwise indicated. All dollar amounts refer to U.S. Dollars unless otherwise indicated. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Corporate Background Crown Baus Capital Corp. We or the Company was incorporated pursuant to the laws of the State of Nevada on August 8, 2011, as Flow Tech Solutions, Inc. We changed our name to World Stevia Corp. on August 15, 2013, then to Cannabis Capital Corp. on March 3, 2014, and finally to Crown Baus Capital Corp. on May 27, 2014. Overview of Business and Operations The Company s mission is to work together with our shareholders, investors, and communities to create long-term value. Our strategy is to identify companies in industries that complement the expertise of our management team, Board of Directors, and partners. Our management s track record provides a highly attractive opportunity for prospective targets looking for proven value, liquidity, and capital procurement. The Company is focused on becoming a global acquisitions-based company targeting high tech industries and financial services. Employees We have one executive who is a shareholder and currently contributes his time. The Company uses several consultants to assist in locating potential target companies and procure the financial resources required for the success of our business plan. Government Regulation We are currently not subject to any specific government regulation. Subsidiaries We do not have any subsidiaries. Intellectual Property We have no intellectual property other than owning our domain address which signifies our online presence. Our trade name is our company name which is legally incorporated in the State of Nevada. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Smaller reporting companies are not required to provide disclosure pursuant to this Item. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS As the Company is neither an accelerated filer nor a large, accelerated filer, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act 240.12b-2 of this chapter) or is a well-known seasoned issuer, the Company is not required to provide disclosure pursuant to this Item. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES The Company s office address is located at Suite 204 2383 King George Blvd, Surrey, British Columbia V4A5A4 Canada. The office space is contributed by our management. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not Applicable. 4 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information The Company s Common Stock trades on the OTC Markets platform under the symbol CBCA . Price Range of Common Stock The following information reflects the high and low bid prices of the Company s common stock on the OTC Markets platform. Quarterly period High Low Fiscal year ended April 30, 2021: First Quarter .88 .20 Second Quarter .78 .1829 Third Quarter .75 .0531 Fourth Quarter .75 .0919 Fiscal year ended April 30, 2022: First Quarter .18 .0001 Second Quarter .47 .0001 Third Quarter .0001 .0001 Fourth Quarter .0002 .0001 Common Stock All outstanding shares of Common Stock are of the same class and have equal rights and attributes. The holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders. All stockholders are entitled to share equally in dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available. In the event of liquidation, the holders of Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of all liabilities. The stockholders do not have cumulative or preemptive rights. Our transfer agent is Empire Stock Transfer. Their mailing address is 1859 Whitney Mesa Dr, Henderson, NV 89014. The telephone and email address are (702)-818-5898 and casey@empirestock.com. The description of certain matters relating to the securities of the Company is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by the provisions of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and By-Laws. Holders As of the date of this filing we had approximately 60 shareholders of record of our common stock, including Cede and Co., which holds shares for the beneficial interest of an unknown number of stockholders in brokerage accounts. Dividends The Company has not paid any cash dividends to date and does not anticipate or contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. It is the present intention of management to utilize all available funds for the development of the Company s business. Stock Option/Warrant Grants As of the date of this filing, the Company has no outstanding Option/Warrant grants. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. 5 Table of Contents ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA As a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide information required by Item 301 of Regulation S-K with respect to Selected Financial Data. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Current Operations Plan of Operations The Company s current plan of operations for the twelve months ending April 30, 2022, involved the continued development of the business plan. Our ability to implement the phases of our business plan was dependent on us obtaining significant financing for these projects, which we were unable to secure during the year ending April 30, 2022. G oing Concern We do not currently have any financing arranged and we cannot provide investors with any assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient funding from the sale of our common stock to fund further phases of our business plan. Even if we are successful in obtaining equity financing to fund our joint venture, there is no assurance that we will obtain the funding necessary to pay our creditors and noteholders on a timely basis. As a result, investors in our common stock would most likely lose all of their investments. Results from Operations For the years ended April 30, 2022, as compared to April 30, 2021 Operating results for the years ended April 30, 2022, and 2021 are summarized as follows: Years Ended April 30, 2022 2021 Revenue - - Operating expenses 21,671 6,112 Other income (expense) - - Net operating gain (loss) (21,671 (6,112 Our net operating loss increased 15,559 for our year ended April 30, 2022, from our year ended April 30, 2021. During the year ended April 30, 2022, our operating expenses increased 15,559 from the year ended April 30, 2021. The increase in expenses was mainly comprised of an increase in accounting expenses and a decrease in state fees. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of April 30, 2022, we had cash of 59 and our working capital deficit was 359,137. In 2022, we generated revenues of 0 and a net loss of 21,671 from operations as compared to 2021 revenues of 0 and a net operating expense of 6,112. The Company expects significant capital expenditure during the next 12 months, contingent upon raising additional capital. We anticipate that we will need a minimum of 2,000,000 for operations for the next 12 months. The source of such capital is uncertain, and there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in obtaining such capital on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. We have a working capital deficit and will need cash infusions from investors and/or current shareholders to deploy our current business plan and joint venture. To implement our business plan, we will need to continue to raise working capital in the form of equity in an amount up to 2,000,000 over the twelve-month period ending April 30, 2023, on terms and conditions to be determined. If we were unable to raise any funds from the sale of equity, management may elect to seek subsequent interim or bridge financing in the form of debt as may be necessary. At this time, management is unable to determine the specific amounts and terms of such future financing, or whether or not we will be successful in raising such funds on a basis acceptable to us. 6 Table of Contents In order to finance the operations of the Company during the twelve months ending April 30, 2022, and 2021, the Company s management and/or shareholders entered a series of note transactions or accounts payable totaling 0 and 5,855, respectively. Cash Flow Years Ended April 30, 2022 2021 Net cash provided (used) in operating activities (5,637 (6,112 Net cash used in investing - - Net cash provided (used) by financing activities 4,671 6,279 Net increase (decrease) in cash (966 107 Cash used in operating activities for years ended April 30, 2022, and 2021 was primarily for expenses related to general operations and for Company incurred administrative expenses. Going Concern Management believes that our current financial condition, liquidity, and capital resources will not satisfy our cash requirements for the next twelve months to deploy our current business plan, and as such we will need to either raise additional proceeds through financing facilities, sales of securities and our officers and directors will need to make additional financial commitments to our Company, neither of which is guaranteed. We plan to satisfy our future cash requirements, primarily the working capital required to execute on our current business and fund our necessary operating expenses, through financial commitments from future debt facilities and equity sales, if and when possible. Management believes that we may generate some revenues within the next 12 months of 2022, but that these revenues will not satisfy our cash requirements to implement our current business plan, which is subject to change depending upon pending business opportunities and available financing. We had no committed source for funds as of April 30, 2022, other than our convertible debt instruments. No representation is made that any funds will be available when needed. In the event that funds cannot be raised when needed, we may not be able to carry out our business plan, may never achieve revenue, and could fail to satisfy our future cash requirements as a result of these uncertainties. It will be necessary to raise working capital funds through equity and debt financing facilities, which are extremely difficult for a developmental stage company to secure and may not be available to us or on a basis favorable to us. However, if such debt financing is available, we would likely have to pay additional costs associated with high-risk loans and be subject to above market interest rates. The Company accumulated a deficit of 47,049,137 on April 30, 2022. We currently have only limited working capital with which to continue our operating activities. The amount of capital required to sustain operations is subject to future events and uncertainties, but the Company anticipates it will need to obtain approximately 2,000,000 in additional working capital in the form of debt and/or equity in order to cover our current expenses over the next 12 months in furtherance of our business plan. Whether such capital will be obtainable or obtainable on commercially reasonable terms is at this date uncertain. These circumstances raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Critical Accounting Policies Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, which require us to make estimates and judgments that significantly affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Note 3 , Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended April 30, 2022, describes our significant accounting policies which are reviewed by management on a regular basis. 7 Table of Contents Capital Expenditures We have not incurred any material capital expenditures. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources and would be considered material to investors. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. Not Applicable. 8 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA CROWN BAUS CAPITAL CORP. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APRIL 30, 2022, AND 2021 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-1 Balance Sheets F-2 Statements of Operations F-3 Statements of Stockholders Deficit F-4 Statements of Cash Flows F-5 Notes to Financial Statements F-6 9 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To: Shareholders and Board of Directors of Crown Baus Capital Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the financial statements of Crown Baus Capital Corp. which comprise the balance sheets as of April 30, 2022 and April 30, 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years ended April 30, 2022, and April 30, 2021, and the related notes to the financial statements (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Crown Baus Capital Corp. for the years ended April 30, 2022 and April 30, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the two years ended April 30, 2022 in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Substantial Doubt About the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has a working capital deficit, and accumulated deficit for the years ended April 30, 2022 and April 30, 2021. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. PCAOB ID: 0 We have served as Crown Baus Capital Corp s auditor since 2023. September 29, 2023 F-1 Table of Contents Crown Baus Capital Corp. (Formerly Cannabis Capital Corp.) Balance Sheets April 30, 2022, and 2021 ASSETS 2022 2021 Current Assets: Cash and equivalents Prepaid expenses Total current assets Other Assets Investment TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Loans payable non affiliates Loans payable stockholders Total current liabilities Stockholders' Deficit: Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively Additional paid-in capital Cancellation receivable Accumulated deficit Total Stockholders' Deficit TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT See accompanying notes to financial statements. F-2 Table of Contents Crown Baus Capital Corp. (Formerly Cannabis Capital Corp.) Statements of Operations For the Years Ended April 30, 2022, and 2021 2022 2021 Revenue Expenses: Officers compensation Management fees Professional fees General and administrative Total Operating expenses Operating loss Gain on share recovery Income (loss) before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income (loss) Basic and diluted loss per share Basic and diluted weighted average Number of shares outstanding See accompanying notes to financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents Crown Baus Capital Corp. (Formerly Cannabis Capital Corp.) Statement of Stockholders' Deficit For the Years Ended April 30, 2022, and 2021 Additional Common Total Common Stock Paid-in Stock to be Accumulated Stockholders' Shares Amount Capital Returned Deficit Deficit Balance, April 30, 2020 Net loss - Balance April 30, 2021 Net loss - Balance April 30, 2022 See accompanying notes to financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents Crown Baus Capital Corp. Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended April 30, 2022, and 2021 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used by operating activities: Gain on debt settlement Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Net cash used by operating activities Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from notes payable Proceeds from issuance of common stock Proceeds from stockholder loans Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for: Interest Income taxes Non-cash transactions None. See accompanying notes to financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents CROWN BAUS CAPITAL CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS . The Company currently has only limited working capital with which to continue its operating activities. The amount of capital required to sustain operations is subject to future events and uncertainties. The Company must secure additional working capital through loans, sale of equity securities, or a combination, in order to implement its current business plans. There can be no assurance that such funding will be available in the future, or available on commercially reasonable terms favorable to the Company. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements have been presented on the basis of the continuation of the Company as a going concern and do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Management continued to manage its costs for the year ended April 30, 2022, to ensure appropriate funding is on hand for its limited operations. F-6 Table of Contents Use of Estimates Impairment of Long-Lived Intangible Assets Cash per legal ownership. At times, the Company s accounts may exceed federally insured limits. To date, the Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. On April 30, 2022, and 2021, the Company had and in cash and no other cash equivalents, respectively. Fair Value of Financial Instruments F-7 Table of Contents F-8 Table of Contents Business Combinations Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share F-9 Table of Contents Income Taxes F-10 Table of Contents Share Purchase Warrants Convertible Instruments Risks and Uncertainties Recently and Issued Accounting Pronouncements F-11 Table of Contents to pay for certain expenses. Total loans payable to stockholders, on April 30, 2022, and 2021, totaled and , respectively. The loans bear no interest and are payable on demand. Management Agreements For the years ended April 30, 2022, the following executive compensation was recorded: None. from a consultant. The note is convertible at the current price on the date of conversion, is non-interest bearing and payable on demand. shares of common stock, having a par value of per share. Issued and Outstanding In February 2012, the Company issued shares of common stock at par value of . . During February 2014, the Company issued shares of its common stock with a fair market value of , as bonuses pursuant to the terms of three management agreements with officer's and stockholders for management services rendered to the Company. For the year ended April 30, 2014, the Company issued shares of the Company's common stock with a fair market value of to certain consultants, pursuant to the terms of their consulting agreements, for services to be provided in future periods. For the year ended April 30, 2014, had been expensed. This contract was cancelled in 2015 and the consulting charge reversed. The shares have not been recovered. On June 24, 2014, the Company entered into a Property Purchase Agreement to acquire properties in Washington State and California for business operations. A total of in deposits were paid towards to acquisition of the properties in addition to issued Rule 144 restricted shares of common stock with a fair market value of . The agreement was cancelled on October 24, 2014. No charges were taken except that the common shares were issued and as of the date of this filing have not been recovered. F-12 Table of Contents Rule 144 restricted shares of common stock with a fair market value of . This project was cancelled in 2015. No charges were taken except that the common shares were issued and as of the date of this filing have not been recovered. On May 1, 2014, the Company closed the acquisition of WebCongress, Inc., a Nevada corporation and Miami based technology, education, and consulting company. Pursuant to the April 15, 2014, Share Purchase Agreement, the Company issued Rule 144 Restricted shares of common stock with a fair market value of or per share to the principals, to acquire WebCongress. The Company also committed to funding a total of to cover operating costs over three years. This contract was cancelled in 2015 and the stock has been returned but not cancelled. On September 14, 2016, the Company hired Ben Tam as CFO and agreed to issue shares of common stock for services. The shares were not issued and valued at the price on the employment date of , or . The shares were issued on January 11, 2018. The Company recognized in stock-based compensation during the year ended April 30, 2017. The Company terminated the agreement in January 2020 for non-performance. The shares have not been recovered. On September 28, 2016, the Company agreed to acquire Aeonik, Inc. for shares of common stock. The shares were not issued and valued at the market price of , or . The shares were issued on January 11, 2018. The acquisition was terminated on January 15, 2018. The shares have not been recovered. The Company has not issued any warrants or stock options. F-13 Table of Contents for tax purposes in various jurisdictions subject to expiration as described below. Pursuant to ASC 740, Income Taxes , the Company is required to compute tax asset benefits for net operating losses carried forward and other items giving rise to deferred tax assets. Future tax benefits which may arise as a result of these losses and other items have not been recognized in these financial statements, as their realization is determined not likely to occur and accordingly, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance for the deferred tax asset relating to these items. The actual income tax provisions differ from the expected amounts calculated by applying the combined income tax statutory rates applicable in each jurisdiction to the Company s loss before income taxes and non-controlling interest. The calculated tax deferred benefit on April 30, 2021, and 2022 is based on the current Federal statutory income tax rate of applied to the loss before provision for income taxes. The following table accounts for the differences between the actual income tax benefit and amounts computed for the years ended April 30, 2022, and 2021: Non-deductible costs Decrease in valuation allowance Income tax expense The components of the deferred tax asset and deferred tax liability on April 30, 2022, and 2021 are as follows: Valuation allowance A valuation allowance has been provided to reduce the net deferred tax asset, as management determined that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized. On April 30, 2022, the Company has approximately a net operating loss carry forward for United States income tax purposes approximating . These losses expire in varying amounts between April 30, 2033, and 2042. F-14 Table of Contents . In addition, the Company has no significant assets or revenue generating operations at, April 30, 2022. The Company currently does not have sufficient cash to sustain itself for the next 12 months and will require additional funding in order to execute its plan of operations and to continue as a going concern. To meet its cash needs, management expects to raise capital through a private placement offering. In the event that this funding does not materialize, certain stockholders have agreed, orally, to loan, on a non-interest-bearing demand basis, sufficient funds to maintain the Company's operations for the next 12 months. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the possible inability of the Company to continue as a going concern. F-15 Table of Contents ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS There have been no occurrences requiring response to this item. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. This conclusion is based on the findings discussed below, that constituted a material weakness. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of control deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. In performing the above-referenced assessment, management had concluded that as of April 30, 2022, there were deficiencies in the design or operation of our internal control that adversely affected our internal controls which management considers to be material weakness including those described below: Lack of Formal Policies and Procedures. The Company utilizes a third-party independent contractor for the preparation of its financial statements. Although the financial statements and footnotes are reviewed by our management, we do not have a formal policy to review significant accounting transactions and the accounting treatment of such transactions. The third-party independent contractor is not involved in the day-to-day operations of the Company and may not be provided with information from management on a timely basis to allow for adequate reporting/consideration of certain transactions. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements will be prevented or detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness, as of April 30, 2022, of our internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) updated 2013. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of April 30, 2022. 10 Table of Contents Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a15(f) and 15d15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company's internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. The Company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting During the year ended April 30, 2022, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with management s evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over the financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Independent Registered Accountant s Internal Control Attestation This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. On July 21, 2010, President Obama signed into law the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which permanently exempts smaller reporting companies from providing attestation of their internal controls pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. As a result, this report does not provide such an attestation, and the Company will be exempted from providing such an attestation until such time as it reaches 75 million in market capitalization. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION There is no information to be disclosed in a report on Form 8-K during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K that has not been previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 11 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Our Directors and Executive Officers Set forth below is certain information with respect to our executive officers and directors. Our directors are generally elected at the annual shareholders meeting and hold office until the next annual shareholders meeting and until their successors are elected and qualify. Executive officers are elected by our board of directors and serve at its discretion. Our bylaws provide that the board of directors shall consist of at least one member, but the number may be increased, or decreased to not less than one, from time to time, either by the directors by adoption of a resolution to such effect or by the stockholders by amendment of the By Laws. Our board of directors currently consists of three members. The names and ages of the directors and executive officers of the Company, and their positions with the Company, are as follows: Name Age Position Charles Kwon 43 Director Andy Jagpal 51 CEO, CFO, President, and Director The term of office of each director expires at our annual meeting of stockholders or until their successors are duly elected and qualified. Directors are not compensated for serving as such. Officers serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Biographies of Chairman, Officers and Directors Charles J.S. Kwon Director Mr. Kwon received his Business Diploma from the British Columbia Institute of Technology in 2002. Afterwards, he started his career in the capital markets as a trader. Then in 2006, as an Investment Advisor at Global Securities. For the past 5 years, Mr. Kwon has been a partner at ReThink, managing their Real Estate and Investment holdings. Mr. Kwon melds his experience in the capital market sector with business expertise, inspirational vision, fundraising experience, and strategic focus. Mr. Kwon will serve as a Company director and officer until his duly elected successor is appointed or his resignation. There are no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Kwon any other person pursuant to which he was selected as an officer or director. There are no family relationships between Mr. Kwon and any of the Company s officers or directors. Mr. Kwon has not held any other directorships in a company with a class of securities registered pursuant to section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of section 15(d) of such Act or any company registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 during the past 5 years. T.J. Singh Chief Financial Officer and Director Mr. Singh is a Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA, CGA) with over 20 years of accounting, tax and business advisory experience including management roles at Big 4 accounting firms including KPMG, PwC Deloitte. Mr. Singh also held the role of Senior Global Tax Manager at CHC, an international helicopter services company with revenues exceeding 1B. Currently, Mr. Singh provides business advisory services to start-up companies in high growth sectors and participates in real estate development projects in Metro Vancouver. At Crown Baus Capital Corp., Mr. Singh will oversee the quarterly and annual financial reporting functions including the timely completion and filing of the annual audited statements. Mr. Singh resigned on April 1, 2021. Andy Jagpal CEO, CFO, President, and Director Mr. Jagpal holds a Bachelor of Science from the University of British Columbia and was a research assistant with the Dean of Plant Science and Agriculture Canada. As an entrepreneur, Mr. Jagpal was the President of Alliance Vancouver, an Executive Office Business Center that assisted new start-up companies and existing high growth companies with their back-office and day to day business management including telephone and reception service, administrative services, bookkeeping and staff resourcing. Over 100 companies were supported by Alliance Vancouver in their downtown Vancouver locations. Mr. Jagpal has also been involved with taking emerging companies public and providing access to venture capital along with mergers and acquisition support. Mr. Jagpal has also participated in the startup of mining projects in Philippines and Peru. Currently Mr. Jagpal serves as President of Primo Nutraceuticals, a company listed on the Canadian Securities Exchange. Primo is involved in producing and marketing neutraceutical products for the health and wellness marketplace. 12 Table of Contents Significant Employees None. Family Relationships None. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings No officers or directors has been involved in any of the following events within the last ten years that is material to an evaluation of their ability or integrity as described in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. Board Committees Nominating and Compensation Committees The Company does not have standing nominating or compensation committees, or committees performing similar functions. The Company's Board of Directors believes that it is not necessary to have a compensation committee at this time because the functions of such a committee are adequately performed by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors also is of the view that it is appropriate for the Company not to have a standing nominating committee because the Board of Directors has performed and will perform adequately the functions of a nominating committee. The Company does not have any restrictions on shareholder nominations under its certificate of incorporation or by-laws. The only restrictions are those applicable generally under Nevada corporate law and the federal proxy rules, The Board of Directors will consider suggestions from individual shareholders, subject to evaluation of the person's merits. Stockholders may communicate nominee suggestions directly to the Board of Directors, accompanied by biographical details and a statement of support for the nominees. The suggested nominee must also provide a statement of consent to being considered for nomination. There are no formal criteria for nominees at the present time. Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert We are not required to, and we do not have an Audit Committee. The Company's directors perform some of the same functions of an Audit Committee, such as: recommending a firm of independent certified public accountants to audit the financial statements; reviewing the auditors' independence, the financial statements, and their audit report; and reviewing management's administration of the system of internal accounting controls. The Company does not currently have a written audit committee charter or similar document. 13 Table of Contents We have no audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. Our directors have financial statement preparation and interpretation ability obtained over the years from past business experience and education. We believe the cost related to retaining a financial expert at this time is prohibitive. Further, because of the nature of our current limited operations, we believe the services of a financial expert are not warranted. Code of Ethics The Company s Board of Directors is developing a code of ethics (the Code that will apply to members of the Board of Directors, all officers, employees and contemplated directors, officers, and employees. The Code will set forth written standards that are designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote: honest and ethical conduct, full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that we file with, or submit to, the Securities and Exchange Commission and in other public communications made by us; compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules, and regulations; prompt internal reporting of violations of the Code to an appropriate person or persons identified in the Code; and accountability for adherence to the Code. An official Code of Ethics has been finalized by the Board of Directors and made available upon request by a shareholder of the Company. We will describe the nature of amendments to the Code on our website, except that we may not describe amendments that are purely technical, administrative, or otherwise non-substantive. We will also disclose on our website any waivers from any provision of the Code that we may grant. Information about amendments and waivers to the Code will be available on our website for at least 12 months, and thereafter, the information will be available upon request for five years. Conflicts of Interest Certain conflicts of interest exist and may continue to exist between the Company and its officers and directors due to the fact that each has the other s business interests to which they devote their primary attention. Each officer and director may continue to do so notwithstanding the fact that management time should be devoted to the business of the Company. Certain conflicts of interest may exist between the Company and its management, and conflicts may develop in the future. The Company has not established policies or procedures for the resolution of current or potential conflicts of interest between the Company, its officers and directors or affiliated entities. There can be no assurance that management will resolve all conflicts of interest in favor of the Company, and conflicts of interest may arise that can be resolved only through the exercise by management their best judgment as may be consistent with their fiduciary duties. Management will try to resolve conflicts to the best advantage of all concerned. 14 Table of Contents Shareholder Communications The Company provides access for its shareholders to the Company via telephone and its web site, www.elitedata.io . Shareholders are able to, and encouraged to, view all of the Company s SEC filings as well as gain knowledge about the Company s activities and developments that affect the shareholder s relationship with the Company. The Company has retained the services of a dedicated professional that provides functions related to the development and distribution of shareholder communications. SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our directors and executive officers and the holders of more than 10 of our common stock to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our equity securities. Based solely on our review of the copies of the forms received by us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that, during the year ended April 30, 2012, all of our executive officers, directors, and the holders of 10 or more of our Common Stock had not complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Compensation Discussion and Analysis The Company is not a "listed company" under SEC rules and is therefore not required to have a compensation committee. Accordingly, the Company has no compensation committee. Except as set forth in the summary compensation table below, during the fiscal years ended April 30, 2022, and 2021, the Company has not provided any salary, bonus, annual or long-term equity or non-equity based incentive programs, health benefits, life insurance, tax-qualified savings plans, special employee benefits or perquisites, supplemental life insurance benefits, pension or other retirement benefits or any type of nonqualified deferred compensation programs for its executive officers or employees. No retirement, pension, profit sharing, stock option or insurance programs or other similar programs are currently in existence. There are no understandings or agreements regarding compensation our management will receive after a business combination that is required to be included in this table, or otherwise. The following table shows the compensation accrued during the years ended April 30, 2022, and 2021 to the Company's executive officers. 15 Table of Contents SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and Principal Position Year Salary Bonus Warrant Awards All Other Compensation Total Charles Kwon 2021 - - - - - President and Director 2022 - - - - - ________ Andy Jagpal 2021 - - - - - CEO, CFO, President and Director 2022 - - - - - ________ Employment Agreements None. Compensation of Directors During the fiscal years ending April 30, 2022, and 2021, respectively, except as set forth above. 16 Table of Contents ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGED AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth certain information regarding the Company's common stock beneficially owned on April 30, 2022, for (i) each shareholder the Company knows to be the beneficial owner of 5 or more of its outstanding common stock, (ii) each of the Company's executive officers and directors, and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group. In general, a person is deemed to be a "beneficial owner" of a security if that person has or shares the power to vote or direct the voting of such security, or the power to dispose or to direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which the person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. To the best of the Company's knowledge, all the people named have sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares, except as otherwise noted. On April 30, 2022, 161,050,000 shares of the Company's common stock were outstanding. Name of Person or Group Number of Shares of Common Stock Owned Percentage of Ownership Charles J.S. Kwon - - Andy Jagpal 80,000,000 49.67 All executive officers and directors as a group (three persons) 80,000,000 49.67 ___________________ Mr. Jagpal owns and operates 1226508 BC Ltd which owns the shares represented above. The Company has no securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Except as otherwise indicated herein, there have been no related party transactions, or any other transactions or relationships required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404. Andy Jagpal contributed 4,670 in the period ended April 30, 2022. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES Audit Fees The aggregate fees billed by , CPA, PLLC for our annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in our quarterly reports or services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings were 6,000 for the year ended April 30, 2022. Tax Fees The Company incurred 0 expenses for professional services for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2021, and 0 expenses for year ended April 30, 2022. Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-audit Services of Independent Auditors The Board of Directors acts as the audit committee of the Company, and accordingly, all services are approved by all the members of the Board of Directors. 17 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES Financial Statements The Company's financial statements are included in Item 8 of this Annual Report. Financial Statement Schedules All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or have been provided in Item 8 of this Annual Report. Exhibits: Those exhibits marked with an asterisk ) refer to exhibits filed herewith. The other exhibits are incorporated herein by reference, as indicated in the following list. Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 3.2 Amended Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed April 15, 2014) 3.3 Amended Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed July 17, 2014) 10.01 Change in control (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed July 23, 2014) 31.1 Certification by Andy Jagpal, Chief Executive Officer as required by Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 filed herewith 31.2 Certification by Andy Jagpal, Chief Financial Officer as required by Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 filed herewith 32.1 Certification as required under Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 filed herewith 32.2 Certification as required under Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 filed herewith 18 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. CROWN BAUS CAPITAL CORP. Dated: October 5, 2023 By: /s/ Andy Jagpal Name: Andy Jagpal Its: Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Director Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. SIGNATURE CAPACITY IN WHICH SIGNED DATE /s/ Andy Jagpal Chief Executive Officer, Chief financial Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) October 5, 2023 Andy Jagpal 19 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 cbca_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cbca_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 RULE 13a-14(a) CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER I, Andy Jagpal, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Crown Baus Capital Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: October 5, 2023 By: /s/ Andy Jagpal Andy Jagpal Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 cbca_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cbca_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 RULE 13a-14(a) CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER I, Andy Jagpal certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Crown Baus Capital Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: October 5, 2023 By: /s/ Andy Jagpal Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 cbca_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cbca_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Crown Baus Capital Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2022, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned officers of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of our knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company, as of, and for the periods presented in the Report. Date: October 5, 2023 By: /s/Andy Jagpal Andy Jagpal Chief Executive Officer and Director 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 cbca_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cbca_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Crown Baus Capital Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2022, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned officers of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of our knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company, as of, and for the periods presented in the Report. Date: October 5, 2023 By: /s/ Andy Jagpal Andy Jagpal Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cbca-20220430.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cbca-20220430_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 cbca-20220430_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 cbca-20220430_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

