<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231208_10-K_edgar_data_1596783_0001596783-23-000185.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20281868</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1065502</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4344438</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7379302</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4027143</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3044914</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>23</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001596783-23-000185.hdr.sgml : 20231208
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231208170520
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001596783-23-000185
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		154
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231208
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231208

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Catalent, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001596783
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				208737688
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36587
		FILM NUMBER:		231476247

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14 SCHOOLHOUSE ROAD
		CITY:			SOMERSET
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08873
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(732) 537-6200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14 SCHOOLHOUSE ROAD
		CITY:			SOMERSET
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08873

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PTS Holdings Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140113

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001596783-23-000185.txt : 20231208

10-K
 1
 ctlt-20230630.htm
 10-K

ctlt-20230630 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. o No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 1 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). o Yes No 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates was billion. On November 30, 2023, there were shares of the Registrant s Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share, issued and outstanding. 

CATALENT, INC. 
 INDEX TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2023 
 Item Page PART I Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 4 
 Item 1. Business 
 7 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 25 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 44 
 Item 2. Properties 
 45 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 45 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 46 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 47 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 49 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 50 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 68 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 69 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 127 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 127 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 129 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 130 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 130 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 137 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 169 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 171 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 172 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 174 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 178 
 Signatures 
 179 
 
 2 

3 

PART I 
 
 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 In addition to historical information, this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 (this Annual Report of Catalent, Inc. Catalent or the Company contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which are subject to the safe harbor created by those sections. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this Annual Report are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as outlook, believes, expects, potential, continues, may, will, should, could, seeks, predicts, intends, plans, estimates, anticipates, future, forward, sustain, or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. 
 These statements are based on assumptions and assessments made by our management in light of their experience and their perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments, and other factors they believe to be appropriate. Any forward-looking statement is subject to various risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. 
 Some of the factors that may cause actual results, developments, and business decisions to differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those described under the section entitled Risk Factors in this Annual Report, which are summarized below: 
 Summary of Principal Risk Factors 
 Any investment, including an investment in our common stock, par value 0.01 (the Common Stock ), involves risk. The following summary highlights certain risks that an investor in our Common Stock should consider. The following should be read in conjunction with the fuller discussion of risk factors we face set forth in Item 1A. - Risk Factors. 
 Risks Relating to Our Business and the Industry in Which We Operate 
 
 Actions of activist shareholders could impact the pursuit of our business strategies and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, or share price. 
 We anticipate being subject to increasing focus by our investors, regulators, customers, and other stakeholders on environmental, social, and governance ESG matters. 
 We are a part of the highly regulated healthcare industry, subject to stringent regulatory standards and other applicable laws and regulations, which can change unexpectedly or be the subject of unexpected changes in interpretation or enforcement, any of which may adversely impact our business. 
 Any failure to implement fully, monitor, and continuously improve our quality management strategy could lead to quality or safety issues and expose us to significant costs, potential liability, and adverse publicity. 
 We have experienced, and may continue to experience, productivity issues and higher-than-expected costs at certain of our facilities, which have resulted in, and may continue to result in, material and adverse impacts on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The declining demand for various COVID-19 vaccines and treatments from both patients and governments around the world has affected and may continue to affect sales of the COVID-19 products we manufacture and our financial condition. 
 The demand for our offerings depends in part on our customers research and development and the clinical and market success of their products. 
 Our results of operations are subject to fluctuations in the costs, availability, and suitability of the components of the products we manufacture, including active pharmaceutical ingredients, excipients, purchased components, and raw materials, and other supplies or equipment we need to run our business. 
 Our goodwill has been subject to impairment and may be subject to further impairment in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or future operating results. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 We may acquire businesses and offerings that complement or expand our business or divest non-strategic businesses or assets. We may not be able to complete desired transactions, and such transactions, if executed, pose significant risks, including risks relating to our ability to successfully and efficiently integrate acquisitions or 
 4 

execute on dispositions and realize anticipated benefits therefrom. The failure to execute or realize the full benefits from any such transaction could have a negative effect on our operations and profitability. 
 We may become subject to litigation, other proceedings, and government investigations relating to us or our operations, and the ultimate outcome of any such matter may have an impact on our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our global operations are subject to economic and political risks, including risks resulting from continuing inflation, disruptions to global supply chains, destabilization of a regional or national banking system, or from the Ukrainian-Russian war or the effect of the evolving nature of the recent war in Gaza between Israel and Hamas, which could affect the profitability of our operations or require costly changes to our procedures 
 We use advanced information and communication systems to run our operations, compile and analyze financial and operational data, and communicate among our employees, customers, and counterparties, and the risks generally associated with information and communications systems could adversely affect our results of operations. We continuously work to install new, and upgrade existing, systems and provide employee awareness training around phishing, malware, and other cybersecurity risks to enhance the protections available to us, but such protections may be inadequate to address malicious attacks or inadvertent compromises affecting data security or the operability of such systems. 
 Artificial intelligence-based platforms present new risks and challenges to our business. 
 Our cash, cash equivalents, and financial investments could be adversely affected if the financial institutions in which we hold our cash, cash equivalents, and financial investments fail. 
 Risks Relating to Our Indebtedness 
 The size of our indebtedness and the obligations associated with it could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or in our industry or to deploy capital to grow our business, expose us to interest-rate risk to the extent of our variable-rate debt, or prevent us from meeting our obligations under our indebtedness. These risks may be increased in a recessionary environment, particularly as sources of capital may become less available or more expensive. 
 Despite our high indebtedness level, we and our subsidiaries are still capable of incurring significant additional debt, which could further exacerbate the risks associated with our substantial indebtedness. 
 Our interest expense on our variable-rate debt may continue to increase if and to the extent that policymakers combat inflation through interest-rate increases on benchmark financial products. 
 Despite the limitations in our debt agreements, we retain the ability to take certain actions that may interfere with our ability to timely pay our substantial indebtedness. 
 We may not be able to pay our indebtedness when it becomes due. 
 We are currently using and may in the future use derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to market risks from changes in interest rates on our variable-rate indebtedness or changes in currency exchange rates, and any such instrument may expose us to risks related to counterparty credit worthiness or non-performance of these instruments. 
 Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 We do not presently maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures due to material weaknesses we have identified in our internal control over financial reporting. Failure to remediate these material weaknesses or any other material weakness or significant deficiencies have resulted in a revision of our financial statements, in the future could result in material misstatements in our financial statements and have caused, and in the future could cause us to fail to timely meet our periodic reporting obligations. 
 Our stock price has historically been and may continue to be volatile, and a holder of shares of our Common Stock may not be able to resell such shares at or above the price such stockholder paid, or at all, and could lose all or part of such investment as a result. 
 Future sales, or the perception of future sales, of our Common Stock, by us or our existing stockholders could cause the market price for our Common Stock to decline. 
 We are no longer eligible to use the Form S-3 registration statement, which could impair our capital-raising activities. 
 Provisions in our organizational documents could delay or prevent a change of control. 
 5 

We caution you that the risks, uncertainties, and other factors referenced above may not contain all of the risks, uncertainties, and other factors that are important to you. In addition, we cannot assure you that we will realize the results, benefits, or developments that we expect or anticipate or, even if substantially realized, that they will result in the consequences or affect us or our business in the way expected. There can be no assurance that (i) we have correctly measured or identified all of the factors affecting our business or the extent of these factors likely impact, (ii) the available information with respect to these factors on which such analysis is based is complete or accurate, (iii) such analysis is correct, or (iv) our strategy, which is based in part on this analysis, will be successful. All forward-looking statements in this report apply only as of the date of this report or as of the date they were made, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments, or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 We file annual, quarterly, and current reports and other information with and furnish additional information to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Our filings with the SEC are available to the public on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Those filings are also available to the public on, or accessible through, our website (catalent.com) for free via the Investors section as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material, or furnish it to, the SEC. We also use our website, Facebook page (facebook.com/CatalentPharmaSolutions), LinkedIn page (linkedin.com/company/catalent-pharma-solutions/) and Twitter account (@catalentpharma) as channels of distribution of information concerning our activities, our offerings, our various businesses, and other related matters. The information we post through these channels may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor these channels, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, and public conference calls and webcasts. The information we file with or furnish to the SEC (other than the information set forth or incorporated in this Annual Report) or contained on or accessible through our website, our social media channels, or any other website that we may maintain is not a part of this Annual Report. 
 Catalent References and Fiscal Year 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, in this Annual Report, the terms Catalent, the company, we, us, and our refer to Catalent, Inc. and its subsidiaries. All references to years in this Annual Report, unless otherwise stated, refer to fiscal years beginning July 1 and ending June 30. All references to quarters, unless otherwise stated, refer to fiscal quarters. Fiscal years are referred to by the calendar year in which they end. For example, fiscal 2023 refers to the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023. 
 Trademarks and Service Marks 
 We have U.S. or foreign registrations for the following marks, among others: Bettera , Catalent , Clinicopia , CosmoPod , Easyburst , FastChain , FlexDirect , Follow the Molecule , Galacorin , GPEx , GPEx Boost, GPEx Lightning, Graphicaps , Liqui-Gels , Manufacturing Miracles , Micron Technologies , OmegaZero , OneBio , OneXpress Solution , OptiDose , OptiForm , OptiGel , OptiGel Bio, OptiGel DR, OptiMelt , OptiShell , PEEL-ID , Pharmatek , RP Scherer , Savorgel , Scherer , SMARTag , Softdrop , Staby , StabyExpress , SupplyFlex , Vegicaps , Zydis , and Zydis Ultra . This Annual Report also includes trademarks and trade names owned by other parties, and these trademarks and trade names are the property of their respective owners. We use certain other trademarks and service marks, some on an unregistered basis and some have been applied for, but remain pending examination in trademark agencies in the U.S. and abroad, including, FlexDose SM , Catalent Xpress Pharmaceutics SM , OptiPact , ProteoSuite SM , StartScore SM , and Virtuoso SM . 
 Solely for convenience, the trademarks, service marks, and trade names identified in this Annual Report may appear without the , SM , and symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensors to these trademarks, service marks, and trade names. 
 6 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Overview 
 
 We provide differentiated development and manufacturing solutions for drugs, protein-based biologics, cell and gene therapies, vaccines, and consumer health products at over fifty facilities across four continents under rigorous quality and operational standards. Our oral, injectable, and respiratory delivery technologies, along with our state-of-the-art protein, plasmid, viral, and cell and gene therapy manufacturing capacity, address a wide and growing range of modalities and therapeutic and other categories across the biopharmaceutical, pharmaceutical, and consumer health industries. Through our extensive capabilities, growth-enabling capacity, and deep expertise in product development, regulatory compliance, and clinical trial and commercial supply, we can help our customers take products to market faster, including more than half of new drug products approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA in the last decade. Our development and manufacturing platforms, our proven formulation, supply, and regulatory expertise, and our broad and deep development and manufacturing know-how enable our customers to advance and then bring to market more products and better treatments for patients and consumers. Our commitment to reliably supply our customers and their patients needs is the foundation for the value we provide; annually, we produce approximately 70 billion unit doses for nearly 8,000 customer prescription and consumer health products, or approximately 1 in every 26 unit doses of such products taken each year by patients and consumers around the world. We believe that, through our investments in state-of-the-art facilities and capacity expansion, including investments in facilities focused on new treatment modalities and other attractive market segments, our continuous improvement activities devoted to operational and quality excellence, the sales of existing and introduction of new customer products, and, in some cases, our innovation activities and patents, we will continue to attract premium opportunities and realize the growth potential from these areas. 
 
 We continue to focus on enhancing both our product and service offerings and our sales and marketing activities in order to grow the number of active commercial manufacturing and development programs for our customers. This sustains our extensive, long-duration relationships and long-term contracts with a broad and diverse range of industry-leading customers. In fiscal 2023, we conducted business with 87 of the top 100 branded drug and consumer health marketers and 82 of the top 100 biologics marketers, measured on a global basis. Selected key customers include Bayer, Bristol-Myers Squibb, GlaxoSmithKline, Haleon, Johnson Johnson, Moderna, Pfizer, and Sarepta Therapeutics. 
 
 We have many long-standing relationships with our customers, particularly those with commercial products, as we provide support and reliable supply through each stage of a product's lifecycle. Our relationship with an innovator of a prescription pharmaceutical product will often last many years in several cases, two decades or more extending from pre-clinical development through more mature commercial stages of the product's life cycle. We serve customers requiring some combination of innovative product development, superior quality, state-of-the-art manufacturing, and skilled technical services to support their development and marketed product needs. Our broad and diverse range of technologies closely integrates with all aspects of our customers final formulations and dose forms, and this generally results in the inclusion of our facilities as manufacturing and testing sites in our customers prescription product regulatory filings. Both factors frequently translate to long-duration supply relationships at an individual product level. 
 
 We believe our customers value us because our depth of development solutions and state-of-the-art manufacturing technologies, continuous innovations and improvements, consistent and reliable supply, geographic reach, and substantial expertise enable us to create a broad range of business and product solutions that can be customized to fit their individual needs. Today we employ more than 9,000 highly trained direct manufacturing associates, as well as more than 3,000 formulation, analytical development, and process scientists and technicians. Our customers can also benefit from more than 1,800 patents and patent applications in advanced delivery platforms, drug and biologics formulation, and manufacturing. The aim of our offerings is to reliably supply our customers' commercial needs and also allow them to bring more products to market faster and develop and market differentiated products that improve patient outcomes. We believe our leading market position and diversity of customers, offerings, regulatory categories, products, and geographies reduce our exposure to potential strategic and product shifts within our industries. 
 
 We provide a wide variety of proprietary and non-proprietary, differentiated technologies, products, and service offerings to our customers across our development and manufacturing platforms, which we have advanced and grown over more than 90 years through internal development, strategic alliances, in-licensing, and acquisitions. We initially introduced our softgel capsule technologies in the 1930s and have continuously expanded our range of offerings. In recent years, we have launched more than a dozen internally developed new technology platform offerings. We have also augmented our portfolio through acquisitions. Among the technologies we currently offer are softgel capsules, including both gelatin and non-gelatin formulations, our Zydis orally disintegrating tablets, gummy and soft chew oral forms, protein production using advanced mammalian cell lines, adeno-associated virus AAV and other viral vectors, induced pluripotent stem cells iPSCs and 
 7 

other cell types, plasmid DNA pDNA ), and a range of other oral, injectable, and respiratory delivery technologies. The technologies and service offerings within our development solution platforms span the full drug development process, ranging from our OptiForm Solution Suite for enhancement of bioavailability and other characteristics of early-stage small molecules, Gene Product Expression GPEx ), GPEx Boost, and GPEx Lightning for advanced cell line development, pDNA development and manufacturing and SMARTag platforms for development of biologics and antibody-drug conjugates ADCs ), to formulation, analytical, and bioanalytical services, early-stage clinical development, drug-device combination development and supply, fill and finish operations for injectable products, and clinical trials supply, including our unique FlexDirect direct-to-patient and FastChain demand-led clinical supply solutions. Our offerings serve a critical need in the development and manufacture of products across a broad range of product types. We focus on serving as an accelerator for new therapeutic modalities and formulation, delivery, and manufacturing technologies. Our expertise enables us to bring advanced products to market at scale, faster. 
 
 In large part due to acquisitions and investments, their subseq uent organic growth, the revenue contribution from our Biologics segment has grown from approximately 17 in fiscal 2016 to 46 in fiscal 2023. We believe our own internal innovation and investments, supplemented by current and future external partnerships and acquisiti ons, will continue to extend our leadership positions in the development, reliable supply, and delivery of drugs, protein-based biologics, cell and gene therapies, and consumer health products. 
 History 
 
 We trace our history to the 1933 founding of the R.P. Scherer Corporation, which developed the first rotary die machine for the manufacture of soft gelatin capsules, and we assumed our current form in April 2007. We regularly review our portfolio of offerings and operations in the context of our strategic growth plan, and, where appropriate, have added to or divested from our portfolio of offering and sites, which has led to significant growth of the overall business. In July 2014, we completed the initial public offering of our Common Stock, which is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE under the symbol CTLT. 
 
 We are a holding company that indirectly owns Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc. Operating Company ), which owns, directly or indirectly, all of our operating assets. 
 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 
 Available, State-of-the-art Manufacturing Capacity in Attractive Market Segments 
 
 We have invested several billion dollars over the last few years to broaden our portfolio of offerings and expand our capacity with state-of-the-art manufacturing and development capabilities that focus on anticipating and meeting the needs of the evolving biopharmaceutical, pharmaceutical, and consumer health industries. In addition, we have hired and trained thousands of new direct manufacturing associates in our quality-focused culture of operational excellence. The capacity and capabilities we have built and purchased, along with our continuing efforts to assure operational and quality excellence, have and will continue to enable us to secure attractive new business opportunities in the expanding market for outsourced product development and supply. 
 
 Vibrant, Patient First -Driven Culture 
 
 From the manufacturing line to the executive suite, for all our critical decisions, we ask the question, What would the impact be to the patient? , and our culture is built on our cornerstone value of Patient First . We believe this mindset, which aligns closely with our customers values, enables a pervasive focus on patient safety, impact, and outcomes, and an uncompromising approach to product quality and compliance, by reminding us of those who depend upon our vigilance concerning the safety, quality, reliability, and sustainability of our product supply. Along with other key cultural strengths, including our commitments to diversity and inclusion and to science-based environmental sustainability, we believe our culture brings us both a unique reputation and an operating capability that is difficult to replicate. 
 
 Diversified Operating Platform 
 
 We are diversified by virtue of our broad range of product and service offerings, our geographic scope, our large customer portfolio, the extensive range of products we produce, and our ability to provide solutions at every stage of a product s lifecycle. In fiscal 2023, we produced nearly 8,000 distinct products across multiple categories. Our fiscal 2023 net revenue was distributed by relevant product regulatory/marketing status as follows: biologics 51 , branded drugs 30 , generic prescription drugs 2 , over-the-counter drugs 7 , and consumer health and other 10 combined. In fiscal 2023, our top 20 
 8 

products represented 37 of our total net revenue, with one customer accounting for approximately 10 of net revenue whose largest individual product accounted for approximately 9 of our net revenue. We serve more than 1,200 customers in more than 80 countries, with 35 of our fiscal 2023 net revenue coming from outside the U.S. This diversity, combined with long product lifecycles and close customer relationships, has contributed to the long-term stability of our business. It has also allowed us to reduce our exposure to the risks associated with potential strategic, customer, and product shifts as well as to payer-driven pricing pressures experienced by our drug and biologic customers. 
 
 Longstanding, Extensive Relationships with a Diverse Customer Portfolio 
 
 We have longstanding, extensive relationships with leading pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and consumer health customers. In fiscal 2023, we did business with 87 of the top 100 branded drug and consumer health marketers and 82 of the top 100 biologics marketers, measured on a global basis, as well as with more than 1,200 other customers, including emerging and specialty biotech and pharmaceutical companies, which are often more reliant on outside partners as a result of their more virtual business models. Regardless of size, our customers seek innovative product development, superior quality, advanced manufacturing, and skilled technical services to support their development and marketed product needs. 
 
 We believe our customers value us because our broad range of product and service offerings, recently expanded capacity in state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities, including facilities offering new treatment modalities, reliable supply, geographic reach, commitment to operational and quality excellence, and substantial expertise that enable us to create a broad range of tailored solutions, many of which are unavailable from other individual providers. 
 Deep, Broad, and Growing Advanced Technology Foundation 
 Ou r breadth of offerings employing advanced technologies and state-of-the-art manufacturing systems and long track record of innovation substantially differentiate us from other industry participants. Our leading softgel platforms, including Liqui-Gels, OptiShell, OptiGel DR, and Vegicaps capsules, our gummy and soft chew oral forms, and our modified release technologies, including the Zydis family of orally disintegrating tablets, our spray drying capabilities, and our OptiPact and OptiMelt technologies, provide formulation expertise to solve complex delivery challenges for our customers. We offer advanced technologies for delivery of small molecules and biologics via oral, respiratory, and injectable routes and also provide advanced biologics formulation options, including GPEx, GPEx Boost, and GPEx Lightning mammalian cell lines for protein production, SMARTag ADC technology, AAV vectors for cell and gene therapies, iPSC development and manufacturing, and pDNA development and manufacturing. We have a leadership position within respiratory delivery, including dry powder inhalers and intra-nasal forms. We have reinforced our leadership position in advanced technologies over the last three years, as we have launched more than a dozen new technology platforms and applications, and recently purchased or expanded our businesses developing and manufacturing consumer health products, protein-based biologics, fill and finish for injectable drugs and biologics, cell and gene therapies, and other new therapeutic modalities. Our culture of creativity, problem-solving, and innovation is grounded in our advanced technologies, the substantial expertise and experience of our scientists and engineers, and, in some cases, our patents and proprietary manufact uring processes. Our global product development and innovation teams drive a focused application of resources to opportunities for both new customer product introductions and platform technology development. As of June 30, 2023, we had more than 1,500 product development programs in active development across our businesses. 
 Long-Duration Relationships Provide Sustainability 
 
 Our broad and diverse range of technologies closely integrates with our customers molecules to yield safe and effective final formulations and dose forms, and this generally results in the inclusion of Catalent in our customers prescription product regulatory filings. Both factors translate to long-duration supply relationships at an individual product level, to which we apply our expertise in contracting to produce long-duration commercial supply agreements. These agreements typically have initial terms of two to seven years with regular renewals of one to three years (see Contractual Arrangements for more detail). Approximately three-quarters of our fiscal 2023 net revenue from our product development and delivery offerings and related services were covered by such long-term contractual arrangements. We believe this base provides us with a sustainable competitive advantage. 
 Significant Recent Growth Investments 
 
 We have made over time, and expect to continue to make, significant investments in our manufacturing network, which is capable of serving customers and patients worldwide, and today employ approximately 8 million square feet of manufacturing, laboratory, and related space across four continents. We have deployed approximately 2.61 billion in the last five fiscal years in gross capital expenditures, not including approximately 3.58 billion spent acquiring new facilities and businesses. Growth-related investments in facilities, capacity, and capabilities across our businesses have positioned us for future growth in areas 
 9 

aligned with anticipated future demand, including in pDNA, cell and gene therapies, fill and finish for injectable drugs and biologics, and other new therapeutic modalities. Through our continuing commitment to operational, quality, and regulatory excellence, we drive continuous improvements in safety, productivity, sustainability and reliable supply, which we believe further differentiates us. Our manufacturing network and capabilities allow us the flexibility to reliably supply the changing needs of our customers while consistently meeting their quality, delivery, sustainability, and regulatory compliance expectations. 
 
 High Standards of Regulatory Compliance and Operational and Quality Excellence 
 
 We operate our plants in accordance with current good manufacturing practices cGMP or other applicable requirements, following our own high standards that are consistent with those of many of our large global pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. We have approximately 1,900 employees around the globe focused on quality and regulatory compliance. All of our facilities are registered where required with the FDA or other applicable regulatory agencies, such as the European Medicines Agency (the EMA ). In many cases, our facilities are registered with multiple food, drug, or biologics regulatory agencies around the world. In fiscal 2023, we were subject to 58 regulatory audits, and, over the last five fiscal years, we successfully completed approximately 300 regulatory audits. We also undergo more than 700 customer and internal audits annually. We believe our quality and regulatory track record to be a favorable competitive differentiator. 
 
 Strong and Experienced Management Team 
 
 Our executive leadership team collectively has approximately 550 years of combined and diverse experience within the pharmaceutical and healthcare industries. With an average of approximately 28 years of functional experience, this team possesses deep knowledge and a wide network of industry relationships. 

Our Strategy 
 
 Our strategic ambition, guided by and operationalized through our values, is to power the innovation and growth of the life science industry by becoming its leading development and commercial partner in reliable supply, conventional and advanced technologies, first-to-scale innovation, and therapeutic modalities, and integrated solutions. To achieve this, we continue to pursue the following key growth initiatives: 
 Capabilities Capacity Continued Expansion in Biologics and Other Attractive Markets 
 
 Recognizing the strategic importance of protein-based biologics, cell and gene therapies, pDNA, and other new biopharmaceutical modalities, we began to build a differentiated biologics platform in 2002. Since 2019, we have invested over 3.42 billion in our biologics business, including capital investments and approximately 1.83 billion for acquisitions of biologics-focused businesses and sites. Today, we are a recognized leader in biologics, including AAV vectors for gene therapies; development and supply for cell therapies; advanced cell-line development; formulation and fill-finish into vials, pre-filled syringes, and cartridges; specialized manufacturing of biologic drug substances; and bioanalytical analysis. We have partnered with customers from around the world to develop advanced cell expression for more than 1,100 cell lines, many using our advanced GPEx, GPEx Boost, and GPEx Lightning technologies, and have actively collaborated on developing and scaling up more than 125 cell and gene therapies. In the recent fiscal years, we expanded our existing cell therapy development and manufacturing capabilities, began offering pDNA production services, and acquired several facilities including a commercial-scale cell therapy manufacturing facility in Princeton, New Jersey Princeton and a developer and manufacturer of iPSCs located near Dusseldorf, Germany. We have also invested in a second-generation ADC technology, SMARTag, and see continued progress in this technology s capabilities and our customers SMARTag product-development activities. 
 
 In addition to our expansion in biologics, we have invested additional capital in our facilities in order to expand in attractive markets, including significant expansion of our oral solid controlled release production capacity in Winchester, Kentucky, and the addition of specialized capabilities and capacity in early development. We acquired a leading position in consumer-preferred gummy and soft-chew formats for consumer health products with our acquisition of Bettera Holdings, LLC Bettera Wellness in fiscal 2022. We expanded our capacity for oral and injectable products via our fiscal 2020 acquisition of a facility in Anagni, Italy, and our capacity for spray dried dispersion and dry powder inhaler manufacturing via our fiscal 2021 acquisition of a facility located near Boston, Massachusetts. 
 Use Our Proprietary Technologies and Substantial Expertise to Help Our Customers Develop New Products 
 We have broad and diverse technology platforms that are supported by deep scientific and technical expertise, extensive know-how, and more than 1,800 patents and patent applications in approximately 170 families across advanced delivery platforms, drug and biologics formulation, and manufacturing. For example, we have significant softgel fill and formulation know-how, databases of formulated products, and substantial softgel regulatory approval expertise. As a result, nearly 90 of 
 10 

approvals by the FDA over the last 25 years of new chemical entities presented in a softgel format have been developed and supplied by us. 
 
 In addition to resolving delivery challenges for our customers products, we have applied our technology platforms and development expertise to proactively develop proof-of-concept products, whether improved versions of existing drugs, new generic formulations, or innovative consumer health products. In the consumer health area, we file product dossiers with regulators in relevant jurisdictions for self-created products, which help contribute sustainable growth to our consumer health business. We expect to continue to seek proactive development opportunities and other non-traditional relationships to increase demand for and value realized from our technology platforms. These activities have provided us with opportunities to capture an increased share of end-market value through out-licensing, profit-sharing, and other arrangements. 
 Operational Leverage Deploy Existing Infrastructure and Operational Discipline to Drive Profitable Growth 
 Through our existing infrastructure, including our global network of operating locations and programs, we promote operational discipline and drive margin expansion. With our active focus on continuous improvement and sustainability enhancement, global procurement function, and conversion cost productivity metrics in place, we continuously seek to enhance our culture of functional excellence and cost accountability. Along with the ongoing increase in the share of revenues from higher margin biologics offerings, we expect this discipline to further leverage our operational network for profitable growth. 
 Strategic Acquisitions and Licensing Build on our Existing Platform 
 
 We operate in the markets for outsourced development solutions and commercial supply, generally provided by contract development and manufacturing organizations CDMO ), where we estimate current industry spending at more than 70 billion globally. Our broad platform, global infrastructure, and diversified customer portfolio provide us with a strong foundation from which to consolidate within these markets, to enter new markets, and generate operating leverage through acquisitions. Since fiscal 2013, we have executed 22 transactions, investing approximately 4.91 billion, and have demonstrated an ability to efficiently and effectively integrate these acquisitions. 
 
 While we are rigorously focused on driving our organic growth, we have in recent years substantially increased our participation in biologics, including protein-based biologics, cell and gene therapies, pDNA development and production, and drug product fill and finish, via strategy-driven inorganic transactions. We intend to identify and execute strategic transactions to optimize our portfolio of offerings and businesses, within the context of our long-term capital allocation strategy. We have a dedicated corporate development team in place to pursue these transactions, enabled by a rigorous and financially disciplined process for evaluating and executing these transactions. 
 Follow the Molecule by Providing Solutions to our Customers across all Phases of the Product Lifecycle 
 We intend to continue to use our development and manufacturing solutions across the entire lifecycle of our customers products to drive future growth. Our development solutions span the drug development process, starting with our platforms for early pre-clinical development of small molecules, protein-based biologics, and cell and gene therapies; through formulation and analytical services, development and manufacturing of clinical trial supplies, and fill and finish of injectable products; to regulatory consulting. Once a molecule is ready for clinical trials and subsequent commercialization, we provide our customers with a range of advanced technologies and expert, state-of-the-art manufacturing solutions that allow them to deliver their molecules to the end-users in safe, effective, and, in some cases, patient-preferred dosage forms, to produce biologic drug substances needed for protein-based biologics and cell and gene therapies, and to provide primary and secondary packaging solutions and cold-storage distribution services. Our relationship with a molecule typically starts with developing and manufacturing the innovator product and can extend throughout the molecule s commercial life. For prescription products, we are often the sole or primary outsourced provider and are frequently reflected in customers product approval applications. Our revenue from our development and manufacturing activities are primarily driven by volumes, and, as a result, the loss of an innovator drug s market exclusivity may be mitigated if we supply customers offering generic or biosimilar equivalents. 
 
 An example of the long and mutually productive relationships we foster can be found in a leading over-the-counter anti-allergy brand, which today uses both our proprietary Zydis orally disintegrating tablets and Liqui-Gels softgel technology. We originally began development of the prescription format of this product for our multinational pharmaceutical company partner in 1992 to address specific patient sub-segment needs. After four years of development, we then commercially supplied the prescription product in our Zydis format for six years, and we have continued to provide the Zydis form since the switch to over-the-counter status in the U.S. and other markets in the early 2000s. Subsequently, we proactively brought a softgel product concept for the brand to the customer, which the customer elected to develop and launch as well. By following this molecule, we have built a strong, 3 decade-long relationship across multiple formats and markets. 
 11 

Customer Product Pipeline Continuing to Grow Through New Projects and Product Launches 
 We intend to continue to supplement our existing diverse base of commercialized customer products with new development programs. As of June 30, 2023, our product development teams were working on more than 1,500 customer development programs in active development across our business. Our base of active development programs has expanded in recent years from growing market demand, as well as from our expanded capabilities and technology platforms. Although there are many complex factors that affect the development and commercialization of pharmaceutical, protein-based biologic, cell and gene therapy, and consumer health products, we expect that a portion of these programs will reach full development and market approval in the future and thereby add to our long-duration commercial revenues under long-term contracts and grow our existing product base. In fiscal 2023, we introduced 216 new products for our customers. 
 
 Catalent continues to be a leader in providing chemistry, manufacturing, and controls-based product development services to the global pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and consumer health industries, driven by thousands of projects annually. In fiscal 2023, we recognized 1.95 billion of net revenue related to the development of products, down 16 from the prior year, principally driven by the substantial decrease in net revenue from the development of COVID-19 related products. In addition, substantially all of the revenue associated with the Clinical Supply Services business relates to our support of customer products in development. 
 
 Our Reportable Segments 
 
 At the beginning of fiscal 2023, in connection with the appointment of a new President and Chief Executive Officer, who also serves as the Company s Chief Operating Decision Maker, the Company changed its operating structure and reorganized its executive leadership te am. This new organizational structure includes operating and reporting in two segments: (i) Biologics and (ii) Pharma and Consumer Health. 
 
 Biologics 
 
 Our Biologics segment provides formulation, development, and manufacturing for biologic proteins, cell gene, and other nucleic acid therapies; pDNA, iPSCs, oncolytic viruses, and vaccines; formulation, development, and manufacturing for parenteral dose forms, including vials, prefilled syringes, and cartridges; and analytical development and testing services for large molecules. The business has extensive expertise in development, scale up, and commercial manufacturing. Representative customers of our Biologics segment include Bristol-Myers Squibb, Johnson Johnson, Moderna, and Sarepta Therapeutics, along with a broad range of innovative small and mid-tier biopharmaceutical customers. 
 
 Our biologics offering includes cell-line development based on our advanced, patented GPEx suite of technologies, which are used to develop stable, high-yielding mammalian cell lines for both innovator and biosimilar biologic compounds. GPEx technology can provide rapid cell-line development, high biologics production yields, flexibility, and versatility. Our development and manufacturing facility in Madison, Wisconsin has the capability and capacity to produce cGMP quality biologics drug substance from 250L to 4000L scale using single-use technology across five suites to provide maximum efficiency, redundancy, and flexibility. Additionally, our Madison, Wisconsin facility features two flexible cGMP suites that are used to manufacture mRNA or other small-scale biomolecules. Our Bloomington, Indiana facility brings additional biologics development, clinical, and commercial drug substance manufacturing, and formulation development capabilities and capacity. Both Bloomington and our Anagni, Italy facility provide substantial capacity for finished-dose drug product manufacturing and packaging. Our SMARTag next-generation ADC technology, based in Emeryville, California, is a clinical-stage technology that enables development of ADCs and other protein conjugates with improved efficacy, safety, and manufacturability. 
 
 At our pDNA, cell therapy, and gene therapy global centers of excellence in Belgium, Maryland, and New Jersey, we develop and manufacture advanced therapeutics, including AAV, lentivirus, oncolytic virus, CAR-T, and other cell or virus modalities together with critical pDNA biological starting material for cell, mRNA, viral-based therapies and next-generation vaccines. In fiscal 2022, we acquired a fully operational, commercial-scale cell therapy campus in Princeton with 16 suites available for both autologous and allogeneic clinical and commercial manufacturing. The Princeton campus works in conjunction with our Gosselies, Belgium cell therapy center of excellence and our iPSC manufacturing center of excellence in Dusseldorf, Germany, to support our customers global cell therapy needs. Additionally, we have expanded our gene therapy flagship manufacturing campus in Harmans, Maryland, creating a total of 18 penthouse-style viral-vector suites, and added our Virtuoso AAV platform that reduces AAV development time by half, enabling our customers to reach first-in-human studies faster. Our specialized expertise in AAV vectors, the most commonly used delivery system for gene therapies, and iPSCs for next-generation allogeneic cell therapy manufacturing, together with our substantial global cell therapy manufacturing, capacity for clinical- through commercial-scale batches, and our capabilities in mRNA and pDNA manufacturing, position us to capitalize on strong industry demand and expansions in the use of newer modalities in the cell and gene therapy market. 
 
 12 

Our range of injectable manufacturing offerings includes manufacturing drug substances and filling small molecules or biologics into vials, syringes, and cartridges, with flexibility to accommodate other formats within our existing network. In addition to primary packaging, our network provides secondary packaging capabilities, including auto-injector and safety device assembly for commercial launch and life-cycle management. Our clinical supply services business provides a global network for clinical distribution, as well as labeling, packaging, and cold-chain storage for clinical trials and commercial supply of biotherapeutics and cell and gene therapies. Our fill and finish services are largely focused on complex pharmaceuticals and biologics. With our range of technologies, we are able to meet a wide range of specifications, timelines, and budgets. We believe that the complexity of the manufacturing process, the importance of experience and know-how, a proven history of regulatory compliance, and substantial state-of-the-art capacity provide us with a meaningful competitive advantage in the market. 
 
 We also offer analytical development and testing services for proteins, gene and cell therapies, and other biologic modalities, including bioassay, biophysical characterization, and cGMP release and stability testing. Our OneBio Suite provides customers with the potential to seamlessly integrate drug substance, drug product, and clinical supply management for products in development, and for integrated commercial supply across both drug substance and drug product. We provide a broad range of technologies and services supporting the development and launch of new biologic entities, biosimilars, biobetters, and cell and gene therapies to bring a product from gene to commercialization, faster. 
 Our Biologics segment represented 46 , 53 , and 48 of our aggregate net revenue before inter-segment eliminations for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 Pharma and Consumer Health 
 
 Through our Pharma and Consumer Health segment, we provide market-leading capabilities for complex oral solids, softgel formulations, Zydis fast-dissolve technologies, and gummy, soft chew, and lozenge dosage forms; formulation, development, and manufacturing platforms for oral, nasal, inhaled, and topical dose forms; and clinical trial development and supply services. 
 
 Representative customers of our Pharma and Consumer Health segment include Bayer, Bristol-Myers Squibb, GlaxoSmithKline, Haleon, Pfizer, and Procter Gamble. 
 Our Pharma and Consumer Health segment represented 54 , 47 , and 52 of our aggregate net revenue before inter-segment eliminations for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Formulation and development 
 
 Through our comprehensive pharmaceutical formulation and development platform, we provide pre-clinical screening, formulation, and analytical development, and cGMP manufacturing at both clinical and commercial scale for our market-leading softgel capsule and Zydis fast-dissolve tablet platforms, traditional and advanced complex oral solid-dose formats, dry powder inhalers, and nasal delivery devices. We have substantial, proven experience in developing and scaling up orphan and rare disease products, especially those requiring accelerated development timelines, solubility enhancement, specialized handling e.g., potent or controlled substance materials), complex technology transfer and specialized manufacturing processes. We provide fluid bed coating, spray drying, hot melt extrusion, micronization, and lipid formulation capabilities, all of which are used to enhance a drug s administration and release profile and its clinical performance. We offer comprehensive analytical method development and scientific capabilities, including stability testing and global regulatory services to support both fully integrated development programs or standalone fee-for-service work. We have a network of early development sites focused on earlier phase compounds i.e ., pre-clinical and Phase I) to engage with more customer molecules earlier in their development, with the intent to also support these molecules downstream as they progress towards commercial approval and supply. Demand for our offerings is driven by the need for scientific expertise, the depth and breadth of integrated services offered, as well as the reliability of our supply performance across quality and operational parameters. 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 Our large-scale cGMP pharmaceutical manufacturing solutions typically include clinical trial supplies, registration batches, and commercial production across a broad range of formats, and may also involve finished dose packaging or advanced processing of intermediates to achieve the desired clinical performance of the prescription or over-the-counter pharmaceutical product. Finished dose forms include softgel capsules, our Zydis fast-dissolve tablets, and traditional and advanced complex oral solid-doses, including coated and uncoated tablets, pellet/bead/powder-filled two-piece hard capsules, granulated powders, and other immediate and modified release forms. Advanced intermediate processing may include coating, extrusion, or spheronization to achieve specific functional outcomes, including site- or time-specific drug release, taste 
 13 

masking, or enhanced bioavailability. We have deep experience at managing complex technical transfers of clinical or commercial programs, whether from Catalent s early development network, other contract development sites, or from customers directly. 
 
 Softgel technology platform 
 
 We provide formulation, development, and manufacturing services for soft capsules, or softgels, as well as large-scale manufacturing of oral solid dose forms for pharmaceutical and consumer health markets, along with supporting ancillary services. Our softgel manufacturing technology was first commercialized by our predecessor in the 1930s, and we have continually enhanced the platform since then. We are the market leader in overall softgel development and manufacturing and hold the leading market position in innovator drug softgels. Our principal softgel technologies include traditional softgel capsules, in which the shell is made of animal-derived gelatin, and Vegicaps and OptiShell capsules, in which the shell is made from plant-derived materials. Softgel capsules are used in a broad range of customer products, including prescription drugs, over-the-counter medications, dietary supplements, unit-dose cosmetics, and animal health medicinal preparations. Softgel capsules encapsulate liquid, paste, or oil-based formulations of active compounds in solution or suspension within an outer shell. In the manufacturing process, the capsules are formed, filled, and sealed simultaneously. We typically perform encapsulation for a product within one of our softgel facilities, with active ingredients provided by customers or sourced directly by us. Softgels have historically been used to solve formulation challenges or technical issues for a specific drug, to help improve the clinical performance of compounds, to provide important market differentiation, particularly for over-the-counter medications, and to provide safe handling of hormonal, highly potent, and cytotoxic drugs. We also participate in the softgel vitamin, mineral, and supplement business in selected regions around the world. Our plant-derived softgel shells, available as Vegicaps and OptiShell capsules, allow innovators and consumer health customers to extend the softgel dose form to a broader range of active ingredients and serve patient and consumer populations that were previously inaccessible due to religious, dietary, or cultural preferences. Our Vegicaps and OptiShell capsules are protected by patents in most major global markets. Physician and patient studies we have conducted have demonstrated a preference for softgels versus traditional tablet and hard capsule dose forms in terms of ease of swallowing, real or perceived speed of delivery, ability to remove or eliminate unpleasant odor or taste, and, for physicians, perceived improved patient adherence with dosing regimens. 
 
 In addition to softgel capsules, following our fiscal 2022 acquisition of Bettera Wellness, we also conduct formulation, development, and manufacturing of gummies, soft chews, and lozenges in a variety of sizes and shapes serving the dietary supplements market at three facilities in the United States. We use dietary and food ingredients provided by our customers or sourced directly by us, and we also provide ancillary services such as analytical testing and packaging. 
 
 Clinical Supply Services 
 
 Our Pharma and Consumer Health segment also provides clinical supply services through manufacturing, packaging, storage, distribution, and inventory management for small-molecule drugs, protein-based biologics, and cell and gene therapies in clinical trials. We offer customers flexible solutions for clinical supplies production and provide distribution and inventory management support for both simple and complex clinical trials. This includes over-encapsulation where needed; supplying placebos, comparator drug procurement, and clinical packages and kits for physicians and patients; inventory management; investigator kit ordering and fulfillment; cold-chain storage and distribution; and return supply reconciliation and reporting. We support trials in all regions of the world through our facilities and distribution network. In recent years, we have extended our network, with significant expansions at our Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and Shanghai, China free trade zone locations and facilities in California, China, and Japan. We also continue to develop new solutions for the evolving clinical trial environment, including FlexDirect direct-to-patient, CT Success clinical supply planning, and extensive cold-chain investments. We are the leading provider of integrated development solutions and one of the leading providers of clinical trial supplies. 
 
 We have partnered with companies who focus on the development of cannabis-based prescription medicines and high-value cannabinoid drug therapies whose goal is to achieve full regulatory approval under the strictest legal standards in effect in any jurisdiction affected, including cannabidiol and tetrahydrocannabinol pharmaceutical products using our Zydis technology in clinical trials across a range of indications, including multiple sclerosis spasticity, chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting, chronic pain for cancer, and epilepsy. Our total net revenue related to such development programs was less than 1 of total revenue generated in fiscal 2023. We do not provide any services for or otherwise partner with any company that does not comply with all applicable laws, including the U.S. federal controlled substances laws (or non-U.S. equivalent laws), relating to cannabis products. 
 
 14 

Integrated Development and Product Supply Chain Solutions 
 In addition to our proprietary offerings, we are also differentiated in the market by our ability to bring together our development solutions and state-of-the-art product manufacturing to offer integrated development and product supply solutions that can be combined or tailored in many ways to enable our customers to take their drugs, biologics, and consumer health products from laboratory to market, faster. Once a product is on the market, we can provide comprehensive, integrated product supply, from the sourcing or supply of the bulk active ingredient to comprehensive manufacturing and packaging, to the testing required for release, and to cold-chain or ambient temperature distribution. The customer- and product-specific solutions we develop are flexible, scalable, and creative, so that they meet the unique needs of both large and emerging biopharmaceutical, pharmaceutical, and consumer health companies and are appropriate for products of all sizes. We believe that our development and product supply solutions, such as OptiForm Solution Suite and OneBio Suite, will continue to contribute to our future growth. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Our target customers include large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, mid-size, emerging, and specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and consumer health companies, along with companies in other selected healthcare market segments such as animal health and medical devices, and companies in adjacent industries, such as cosmetics. We have longstanding, extensive relationships with leading pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and consumer health customers. In fiscal 2023, we did business with 87 of the top 100 branded drug and consumer health marketers and 82 of the top 100 biologics marketers, measured on a global basis, as well as with more than 1,200 other customers. Faced with access, pricing, and reimbursement pressures as well as other market challenges, large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies have increasingly sought partners to enhance the clinical competitiveness of their drugs and biologics and improve the productivity of their research and development activities, while reducing their fixed cost bases. Many mid-size, emerging, and specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, while facing the same pricing and market pressures, have chosen not to build a full infrastructure, but rather to partner with other companies through licensing agreements or outsourcing to access the critical skills, technologies, and services required to bring their products to market. Consumer health companies require rapidly developed, innovative dose forms and formulations to keep up with the fast-paced over-the-counter medication, dietary supplement, and personal care markets. These market segments are all important to our growth, but require distinct solutions, marketing and sales approaches, and market strategy. 
 
 We follow a hybrid demand-generation organization model, with strategic account teams offering the full breadth of Catalent s solutions, and technical specialist teams providing the in-depth technical knowledge and practical experience essential for each individual offering, both supported by a dedicated team of deeply experienced scientific advisors. Our sales organization currently consists of more than 200 full-time, experienced sales professionals, supported by inside sales and sales operations. We also have built a dedicated strategic marketing team, providing strategic market and product planning and management for our offerings. As part of our marketing efforts, we participate in major trade shows relevant to our offerings globally and ensure adequate visibility to our offerings and solutions through a comprehensive advertising and publicity program. We believe that Catalent is a strong brand with high overall awareness in our established markets and universe of target customers, and that our brand identity is a competitive advantage for us. 
 Global Accounts 
 We manage select accounts globally due to their substantial current business or growth potential. We recorded approximately one-third of our total net revenue in fiscal 2023 from these global accounts. Each global account is assigned a lead business development professional with substantial industry experience. These account leaders, along with other members of the sales and executive leadership teams, are responsible for managing and extending the overall account relationship. Account leaders work closely with the rest of the sales organization as well as operational, quality, and project management personnel to ensure alignment around critical priorities for the accounts. 
 
 Emerging, Specialty, and Virtual Accounts 
 
 Emerging, specialty, and virtual pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies are expected to be critical drivers of industry growth globally and account for more than three-quarters of the active drug and biologic development pipeline. Historically, many of these companies have chosen not to build a full infrastructure, but rather partner with other companies to formulate, develop, analyze, test, and manufacture their products. We expect them to continue to do so in the future, providing a critical source for future integrated solutions demand. We expect to continue to increase our penetration of geographic clusters of emerging companies in North America, Europe, Central and South America, and Asia. We regularly use active pipeline and product screening and customer targeting to identify the optimal candidates for partnering based on product profiles, funding status, and relationships, to ensure that our technical sales specialists and field sales representatives develop custom solutions 
 15 

designed to address the specific needs of these customers. In order to reach these emerging, specialty, and virtual companies, we actively partner with leading venture capital investors and biotech incubators. 
 
 Seasonality; Fluctuations in Operation Results 
 
 Our annual financial reporting period ends on June 30. As discussed further in Item 7. - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Factors Affecting our Performance, our revenue and net earnings are generally higher in the third and fourth quarters of each fiscal year, with our first fiscal quarter typically generating our lowest revenue of any quarter, and our last fiscal quarter typically generating our highest revenue. These fluctuations are primarily the result of the timing of our, and our customers annual operational maintenance periods at locations in the U.S. and Europe, the seasonality associated with pharmaceutical and biotechnology budgetary spending decisions, clinical trial and research and development schedules, the timing of new product launches and length of time needed to obtain full market penetration, and, to a lesser extent, the time of the year some of our customers products are in higher demand, or are being produced to support future seasonal demand. 
 
 Contractual Arrangements 
 We generally enter into a broad range of contractual arrangements with our customers, including agreements with respect to feasibility, development, supply, licenses, quality, and confidentiality. The terms of these contracts vary significantly depending on the offering and customer requirements. Some of our agreements may include a variety of revenue arrangements, such as fee-for-service, unit pricing in one or more tiers, minimum volume commitments, royalties, manufacturing preparation services, profit-sharing, and fixed fees. We generally secure pricing and other contract mechanisms in our supply agreements to allow for periodic resetting of pricing terms, and, in some cases, these agreements permit us to raise or renegotiate pricing in the event of certain price increases for the raw materials or other inputs we use to make products. Our typical supply agreements include indemnification from our customers for product liability and intellectual property matters and caps on our contractual liabilities, subject in each case to negotiated exclusions. The terms of our manufacturing supply agreements range from two to seven years with regular renewals of one to three years, although some of our agreements are terminable upon much shorter notice periods, such as 30 or 45 days. For our development solutions offerings, we may enter into master service agreements, which provide for standardized terms and conditions and make it easier and faster for customers with multiple development needs to access our offerings. 
 
 Backlog 
 
 While we generally have long-term supply agreements that provide for a revenue stream over a period of years, our backlog represents, as of a point in time, future service revenues from work not yet completed. For our Biologics segment and a majority of our Pharma and Consumer Health segment, backlog represents firm orders for manufacturing services and includes minimum volumes, where applicable. Manufacturing businesses backlog represents firm orders for manufacturing services and includes minimum volumes, where applicable. For the clinical supply services offered through our Pharma and Consumer Health segment, backlog represents estimated future service revenue from work not yet completed under signed contracts. Using these methods of reporting backlog, as of June 30, 2023, our backlog was 2.53 billion, compared to 2.85 billion as of June 30, 2022, including 557 million and 549 million, respectively, related to our scientific and clinical services offerings in our Pharma and Consumer Health segment. We expect to recognize as revenue by the end of fiscal 2024 approximately 83 of the value of the backlog in existence as of June 30, 2023. 
 
 To the extent projects are delayed, the timing of our revenue could be affected. If a customer cancels an order, we may be reimbursed for the costs we have incurred. For orders that are placed inside a contractual firm period or that involve minimum volume commitments, we generally have a contractual right to payment in the event of cancellation. Fluctuations in our reported backlog levels also result from the timing and order pattern of our customers, which often seek to manage their level of inventory on hand. Because of customer ordering patterns, the matters discussed in this paragraph, and other factors, our backlog reported for certain periods may fluctuate and may not be indicative of future results. 
 
 Manufacturing Capabilities 
 We operate manufacturing facilities, development centers, and sales offices throughout the world. As of June 30, 2023, we had 52 facilities (3 geographical locations operate as multiple facilities because they support more than one reporting segment, with one location including both a manufacturing facility and our corporate headquarters) on four continents with approximately 8 million square feet of manufacturing, laboratory, office, and related space. Our manufacturing capabilities generally include the full suite of competencies relevant to the support of each site s activities, including regulatory, quality assurance, and in-house validation. 
 16 

We operate our manufacturing facilities and development centers in accordance with cGMP or other applicable requirements. All of these sites are registered where required with the FDA or other applicable regulatory agencies, such as the EMA. In some cases, our sites are registered with multiple regulatory agencies. 
 We have invested 1.93 billion in our manufacturing and development facilities since fiscal 2021 for improvements and expansions, including 583 million in capital expenditures during fiscal 2023. We believe that our sites and equipment are in good condition, are well maintained, and are able to operate at or above present levels for the foreseeable future, in all material respects. 
 Our manufacturing operations are focused on employee health and safety, regulatory compliance, operational excellence, continuous improvement, and process standardization across the organization. In fiscal 2023, we achieved approximately 95 on-time shipment delivery versus customer request date across our network as a result of this focus. Our manufacturing operations are structured around an enterprise management philosophy and methodology that utilizes principles and tools common to a number of quality management programs, including Lean Six Sigma and Lean Manufacturing, which we brought together in a system that we refer to as The Catalent Way . 
 
 Raw Materials 
 We use a broad and diverse range of raw materials and other supplies in the design, development, and manufacture of our products. This includes, but is not limited to, key materials such as gelatin, starch, and iota carrageenan; packaging films; single-use production components for drug substance production, and glass vials and syringes for drug product. The raw materials and other supplies that we use are sourced externally on a global basis. Globally, our supplier relationships could be interrupted due to natural disasters and international supply disruptions, including those caused by pandemics or geopolitical and other issues. For example, commercially usable gelatin is available from a limited number of sources. In addition, much of the gelatin we use is bovine-derived. Past concerns of contamination from bovine spongiform encephalopathy have narrowed the number of possible sources of particular types of gelatin. If there were a future disruption in the supply of gelatin or any other key material from any one or more of our current principal suppliers, there can be no assurance that we could obtain an adequate alternative supply from our other suppliers. Any future restriction that were to emerge on the use of a key raw material used in our products from certain geographic sources or due to regulatory or consumer concerns could hinder our ability to timely supply our customers with products, and the use of alternative raw materials could be subject to lengthy formulation, testing and regulatory approval periods. 
 
 We work very closely with our suppliers to assure continuity of supply while maintaining excellence in material quality and reliability. We continually evaluate alternate sources of supply, although we do not frequently pursue regulatory qualification of alternative sources for key raw materials due to the strength of our existing supplier relationships, the reliability of our current supplier base, and the time and expense associated with the regulatory process, since regulators usually must approve changes to prescription product ingredient sources. Although a change in suppliers could require significant effort or investment by us in circumstances where the items supplied are integral to the performance of our products or incorporate specialized material such as gelatin, we do not believe that the loss of any existing supply arrangement would have a material adverse effect on our business. See Item 1A. - Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and the Industry in Which We Operate Our results of operations are subject to fluctuations in the costs, availability, and suitability of the components of the products we manufacture, including active pharmaceutical ingredients, excipients, purchased components, and raw materials, and other supplies or equipment we need to run our business." 
 
 Competition 
 
 We compete with multiple companies as to each of our offerings and in every region of the globe in which we operate, including with CDMOs and other companies that offer conventional and advanced technologies for the development, supply, and delivery of medicinal products, clinical trials support, outsourced dose form, protein-based biologics or cell or gene therapy manufacturing, or development services to pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and consumer health companies based in North America, Central and South America, Europe, and the Asia-Pacific region. We also compete in some cases with the internal operations of those pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and consumer health customers that also have manufacturing capabilities and choose to source these services internally. Some of our competitors are substantially larger than we are and have access to more substantial resources, which could be deployed to expand their range of offerings or capacity. 
 
 Competition is driven by proprietary technologies and know-how (where relevant), capabilities, consistency of operational performance, availability of equipment, quality, regulatory track record, price, value, responsiveness, and speed. While we have competitors that compete with us in our individual offerings, and a few competitors that compete across many of our offerings, we do not believe we have competition from any directly comparable company. 
 17 

Research and Development Costs 
 Our research activities are primarily directed toward the development of new offerings and manufacturing process improvements. Research and development costs amounted to 18 million, 23 million, and 21 million for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Employees 
 As of June 30, 2023, we had approximately 17,800 individuals providing services for us at 52 facilities on 4 continents, of which certain employees at two of our 24 U.S. facilities are represented by labor unions, with their terms and conditions of employment being subject to collective bargaining agreements. Various combinations of national works councils, labor unions, and other labor organizations are active at all of our European and many of our other ex-U.S. facilities consistent with labor environments and laws in those countries. Our management believes that our relations with our workforce are satisfactory. Most of our individual service providers are full-time employees, while approximately 700 of our workers as of June 30, 2023 are contingent workers who are either self-employed or employed by external services organizations. 
 North America Europe South America Asia Pacific Total Approximate number of workers as of June 30, 2023 10,500 5,700 1,000 600 17,800 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 
 Our employees share common goals: to put patients first and to help people around the world live better, healthier lives. Our global workforce is united by our values: Patient First , commitment to our people, customer dedication, innovation, integrity, and excellence. Together, our values provide the foundation for our culture. We believe that an engaged, diverse workforce, empowered by inclusive leaders, will unlock our full potential as a company and as a leader in our sector. Our employees success is Catalent s success. 
 
 We focus on employee development, engagement, and diversity and inclusion D I to hire, develop, and retain the best talent. As of June 30, 2023, we had approximately 17,800 individuals providing services to us globally, with women representing 44 of our employees and holding 40 of roles at the manager level or higher. In fiscal 2023, ethnically diverse talent represented 35 of our U.S. employees. 
 
 Our turnover rate increased to 22 as of June 30, 2023, including 13 voluntary turnover, substantially driven by voluntary turnover in the U.S. and by a few reorganizations at some of our larger sites and within our corporate functions. 
 
 Reducing voluntary attrition and retaining our talent remains one of our top priorities. We continue to implement initiatives to build upon our values-based and inclusive culture, improve our employees experiences at Catalent, and better develop and engage internal talent. We continuously monitor local talent markets and provide differentiated pay arrangements and benefits to attract and retain talent. Additionally, we provide flexible work arrangements where possible, broader leadership development programs, an employee wellness program, and access to employee recognition programs at all levels. 
 
 We continue to take steps to ensure that Catalent is a company where all employees can develop a fulfilling career with support from our leadership team. We believe that our diverse pool of internal talent and our employees passion for excellence make a difference in the way we grow and deliver results. 
 
 Talent Acquisition 
 
 We have strong human resources processes and practices in place to support our employees through their careers at Catalent. This starts with a robust recruiting strategy and a strong employer brand. We attracted over 4,000 new employees in fiscal 2023, continuously working to reduce the time it takes to fill open positions and reduce our cost per hire, while striving for a best-in-class candidate experience. 
 
 We offer competitive compensation and a comprehensive suite of benefits, which, in the U.S., range from medical, dental, and vision coverage to retirement, disability, employee stock purchase, and life insurance programs. We also provide health promotion and wellness programs, remote work flexibility, tuition assistance, and employee assistance programs in several countries. 
 
 18 

Our recruitment strategy aims to attract talent representing diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and ideas. This approach includes: 
 
 engaging with potential top talent early in the career path through our university internship program; 
 developing future leaders and enhancing their skills through programs, including various mentoring programs, our Global Organization Leadership Development GOLD ), Next Generation Global Leaders, and General Manager Excellence programs, as discussed further below; 
 providing competitive compensation and benefits; 
 continuously improving recruitment processes and platforms; 
 working with several recruitment partners to attract diverse profiles and advertise open positions; and 
 implementing unconscious bias workshops for hiring managers. 
 
 Catalent has been recognized as a TOP EMPLOYER USA since 2020 and as a TOP EMPLOYER in the United Kingdom ("U.K.") since 2022. We differentiate ourselves as a preferred employer to candidates through our reputation as a great place to work, offering a fast-paced and rewarding work environment. 
 
 Talent Development 
 
 We are also committed to the growth, development, and engagement of our people once they have joined our family. Through a strong learning and development culture, we provide opportunities for specialized technical training, leadership development, and high-potential growth opportunities to endow our employees with the knowledge and expertise needed to grow their careers at Catalent. 
 
 Our primary goal is to develop our people from within, thereby establishing a strong successor bench to help support company growth. In fiscal 2023, over 2,400 employees moved to a new role within the organization (of which 49 were women), whether as a developmental move or a promotion to a more senior position. Our senior leaders are committed to talent development and dedicate time each fiscal quarter to perform formalized talent reviews to discuss the development of key talent and to update succession plans for critical roles. 
 
 We strongly believe that the combination of experience (70 ), exposure (20 ), and education (10 is the best recipe for personal development and career progression here. We have a library of tools and resources available for our employees within that framework, including access to a variety of tools and resources to learn new or expand existing skills. 
 
 Given our high volume of new hires, we continue to redesign our employee experience. We have upgraded our on-boarding experience to span employees first twelve months with Catalent. 
 
 We also offer four formal development programs to employees. All programs aim to prepare our talent to fill critical internal leadership roles. Through these programs, we have created a bench of leaders who model our values and are ready to take on more responsibility. 

(1) Entry-level GOLD program . The GOLD program is a two-year rotational program for recent graduates from universities around the world in which the employee participates in three rotations at different sites in our network to learn about different aspects of our business and our varied offerings. GOLD employees receive assignments to perform strategic roles in key business initiatives. We provide them with coaching and opportunities to interact with senior executives, which both develop the skills and experience of our GOLD employees and provide a platform through which they contribute fresh ideas that challenge the status quo . The GOLD program operates in the U.S. and has been relaunched in Europe following a pause in the program during the U.K.'s withdrawal from the European Union E.U. ). 
 
 (2) Manager-level Next Generation Global Leader program. Our Next Generation Global Leader program, for employees at the manager level, is a 15-month on-the-job program focused on preparing high-potential managers for director-level roles. Since fiscal 2022, 86 employees graduated from this program, and a new group of 56 employees has been selected to join this program in fiscal 2024. 
 
 (3) Senior leader General Manager Excellence program. Our general managers run our operating sites and have substantial and wide-ranging responsibilities. This program enhances the skills of our general managers by giving them exposure to industry best practices and opportunities to network internally and receive personalized career coaching, including a 3-day business simulation. In fiscal 2023 and 2022, 24 and 35 general managers, respectively, participated in this program. 
 19 

(4) Front-line leader level Lead Now program . In fiscal 2023, we launched Lead Now, a Catalent-wide leadership offering targeted for those who are new to people leadership. During the first 3 months of a new leadership role, this program teaches employees the fundamentals of leadership and identifies tools to inspire their teams while role-modeling Catalent values. We have already enrolled over 250 new leaders into this program. 
 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 
 At Catalent, we cultivate a workplace that respects and welcomes all people; celebrates the unique backgrounds and experiences of our workforce; encourages all employees to bring their true, authentic selves to work; and leverages our diversity to drive innovation, inclusion, and excellence in every aspect of our business. By closing diversity and inclusion gaps, we energize our people to do their best work. 
 
 Our commitment to D I starts at the top with our board of directors (referred to herein as the board of directors or Board and executive leadership team that bring a broad spectrum of backgrounds and perspectives. Led by our Diversity and Inclusion Office, and effectuated at all levels of the Company, we focus on attracting. retaining, and developing our diverse talent and creating an inclusive work environment globally. 
 
 We are committed to identifying and acknowledging gaps in our D I mission and taking action to address them. To drive progress within Catalent, we focus on four strategic initiatives: 
 
 Strengthening our culture of inclusion, supported by our nine employee resource groups; 
 Promoting inclusive leadership; 
 Accelerating talent acquisition and development, including with support from external partners; and 
 Activating a data- and accountability-driven strategy. 
 
 One key example of our global D I initiatives are our nine global employee resource groups ERGs ), providing support, resources, and a forum for topical discussion and engagement for employees in the following categories: people with disabilities, people of Asian and Pacific Islander descent, women, indigenous peoples, people of Hispanic and/or LatinX descent, our LGBTQ+ community, people of African descent, Gen Y and Z, and people with military and/or first responder service. Our ERG network includes 127 global, virtual, and site-based chapters. 
 
 Key D I performance highlights are captured in our Corporate Responsibility and Environmental, Social, and Governance Strategy section below. 
 
 Engagement 
 
 Our employee-focused practices make a clear impact on our employee engagement. Through increased engagement, we can grow our business by relying on strong, engaged leaders and professionals willing to ensure we can overcome and thrive during any challenge. 
 
 We periodically administer a company-wide engagement survey to garner direct feedback from our employees regarding how we can more deeply and meaningfully engage them, enabling us to focus on improving specific areas where we can support our people. 
 
 In fiscal 2023 we changed our approach to employee engagement surveys and launched our first pulse survey, using an online platform to deliver an updated engagement score and immediate access to results for all our people leaders on a more frequent basis. This first pulse survey, in November 2022, led to a companywide score of 6.9 out of a possible 10 for Catalent (using a rating scale from 1 to 10). The platform highlighted key strengths, including our inclusive culture, peer relationships, goal setting, and meaningful work. The survey also highlighted areas requiring further focus, including workload, strategy communication, and rewards. 

Corporate Responsibility CR and ESG Strategy 
 
 Our CR strategy, which includes our ESG strategy, is integrated into our company-wide strategic plan, ensuring that we operate in alignment with our values, meet our commitments to all our stakeholders, and contribute to the long-term success of the broader biopharmaceutical, pharmaceutical, and consumer health industries and the communities where we operate. Our approach to ESG focuses on three areas of society relevant to our business, prioritizing our impact on (i) people, (ii) the environment, and (iii) our communities. We focus on ESG areas that are the most significant to our business, and our strategy is 
 20 

informed by our employees, customers, investors, communities, and other key stakeholders. Our fiscal 2023 ESG performance, described below, demonstrates our contribution to the long-term success of the industries we serve and the communities where we operate, as we continue to invest in a corporate culture that understands and prioritizes our impact on people in our operations and employee-related decision-making. 
 
 Fiscal 2023 brought new and continued challenges for our operations, including the on-going response to the Ukrainian-Russian war, significant reductions in the volume of vaccines produced for the COVID-19 pandemic, and the on-going supply chain challenges amid rising global inflation. Through it all, our mission and values continued to provide steady, critical orientation and focus. Amid these fiscal 2023 challenges, our business delivered approximately 70 billion unit doses, across more than 50 sites, where our workforce of over 17,000 worked hard, with our Patient First value guiding the way, to ensure that we met our commitments to our customers and their patients. 
 
 Governance 
 
 We are committed to ensuring strong corporate governance practices on behalf of our shareholders and other stakeholders. We believe strong corporate governance and an independent board of directors provide the foundation for financial integrity and shareholder confidence. More information about our corporate governance features can be found in Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 
 
 Our CR council, which reports to the CEO and is composed of senior leaders from various parts of our business, guides our CR efforts and sets our overall CR strategy. Management, including members of the CR council, provide regular CR updates to our board of directors, which regularly reviews material aspects of our CR strategy and performance as a full board and through its several committees, including a formal annual review of our overall CR strategy and performance. 
 
 Business Benefits 
 
 Beyond being the right thing to do, our focus on CR strengthens our business by reducing risks, meeting customer and investor expectations, and positioning us to attract top talent. CR performance is an important contributor to our business success. It informs our risk management process, protects our reputation, and alerts us to regulatory, environmental, and societal threats to our business. Our CR activities also align with many of our customers CR programs and strengthen our relationships. 
 
 Our future success depends on our highly skilled and dedicated global team of employees, who are passionate about improving health outcomes. We compete for top talent in our industry and recognize that our culture and reputation as a responsible company can be a differentiator for attracting job candidates and keeping and motivating our existing employees. 
 
 ESG progress in fiscal 2023 
 
 We made significant progress in several ESG focus areas in fiscal 2023: 
 
 In February 2023, we published our fourth annual Corporate Responsibility report (covering fiscal 2022), which includes an evaluation of our performance against the standards set by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) for Biotechnology and Pharmaceuticals and the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Some highlights of our progress include: 
 purchasing renewable electricity for our operating sites, with energy attribution certificates (EACs) accounting for 81 of our electricity use by the end of fiscal 2022, compared to 23 at the end of fiscal 2021, thus reducing our total Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 38 , from a fiscal 2020 baseline; 
 implementing 153 sustainability projects, resulting in annual energy savings of more than 4 , compared to our fiscal 2018 baseline; 
 achieving our water efficiency target, of 

In fiscal 2023, we continued to drive D I by (1) investing in the inclusive capabilities of our leaders, (2) working with partners who share our values and help enable our strategy, (3) accelerating diverse talent acquisition and development, and (4) curating an even more inclusive culture. Some highlights of our progress include: 
 a 17 increase (from 23 to 27 in our U.S.-based leaders who are racially or ethnically diverse; 
 a 9 increase (from 35 to 38 in women in leadership roles globally; 
 confirmation that we closed the U.S. gender pay gap in fiscal 2021 through EDGE certification; 
 publication of a Supplier Diversity Policy and setting the ambition to increase diverse supplier spend; 
 designation as a 2022 Best Place to Work for people with disabilities, based on the Disabilities Equality Index; 
 rollout of our inclusive leadership workshops for site and functional leadership teams and ongoing conversations hosted by our leaders following challenging current events in the U.S.; and 
 expansion of our ERGs, with a 21 increase in the number of ERG chapters, and a record 43 global ERG events with 7,500 attendees. 
 
 Looking ahead 
 
 We are determined to play an integral role in moving our industry toward more responsible and sustainable business practices as we continue to be at the cutting edge of developing and reliably supplying drugs, biologics, and consumer health products. 
 
 We continue to reduce our carbon emissions and have committed to Science Based Targets (SBT). The SBT report we submitted for assessment details a target reduction for our Scope 1 and 2 emissions, based on a fiscal 2022 baseline, and a goal for engaging our Scope 3 footprint by aligning emission reduction targets to SBT goals. We have achieved our water intensity goal, to decrease water intensity to 500 cubic meters per 1 million in revenue and will now focus on sites in water-deprived or sensitive areas, to reduce our water usage further. At the end of fiscal 2023, 65 of our sites were able to eliminate waste sent to landfill; in fiscal 2024, we expect to achieve this at all of our facilities. We have performed a risk assessment and identified process and infrastructure changes needed for us to achieve our bold goal to ensure no residual active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) above Predicted No Effect Concentration (PNEC) in wastewater. Activities to implement this goal will occur throughout fiscal 2024. 
 
 We continue to strengthen our supply chain by expanding our supplier assessment and auditing program, including continued use of our third-party vetting and due diligence platform in alignment with the Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative (PSCI) principles and the U.N. Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. Our diverse supplier network and spend will continue to increase, as outlined in our new Diverse Supplier Policy. 
 
 Measuring against our baseline D I statistics, we will work to progress our goal of recruiting, developing, and retaining more diverse talent, including in leadership roles. In fiscal 2024, we will further implement our D I action plans, which outline localized strategies and goals to help us meet our company-wide targets. We continue to participate in external benchmarks, including the Corporate Equality Index (LGBTQ+ inclusion) and the Disability Equality Index to guide our goals and progress. Through training, forums, and internal performance metrics, we will continue to combat unconscious biases that can impact the hiring and promotion of diverse talent. Our employee surveys reveal that our employees are energized and engaged by our CR and D I initiatives. In fiscal 2024, we will continue to assess our employees overall engagement and inclusion through our next corporate engagement survey. 
 
 Further information on our CR program is available at catalent.com/about-us/corporate-responsibility/ , but this website is not part of our public disclosures and is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 We use a combination of know-how, trade secrets, patents, copyrights, trademarks, and other intellectual property, nondisclosure and other contractual provisions, and technical measures to protect certain innovative aspects of our offerings, services, and intangible assets that we have developed. These proprietary rights can be important to aspects of our ongoing operations. Many of our operations and products are covered by intellectual property licenses from third parties, particularly our customers that provide licenses to their proprietary active ingredients or formulations as part of our development or supply agreements with them, and in certain instances we license our technology to third parties. 
 
 We also have a long track record of innovation across our lines of business, and, to further encourage active innovation, we have developed incentive compensation systems linked to patent filings and other recognition and reward programs for 
 22 

scientists and non-scientists alike. We have applied in the U.S. and certain other countries for registration of a number of trademarks, service marks, and patents, some of which have been registered and issued, and also hold common law rights in various trademarks and service marks. We hold more than 1,800 patents and patent applications worldwide relating to advanced drug delivery platforms, biologics formulations and technologies, and manufacturing. 
 
 We hold patents and license rights relating to certain aspects of our formulations, pharmaceutical and nutritional dosage forms, mammalian cell engineering, antibody-drug conjugation, iPSCs, and plasmid DNA manufacturing. We also hold patents relating to certain processes and products. We have pending patent applications in the U.S. and certain other countries and intend to pursue additional patents as appropriate. We have enforced and will continue to enforce our intellectual property rights in the U.S. and worldwide in appropriate circumstances. 
 
 We do not consider any particular patent, trademark, license, franchise, or concession to be material to our overall business. 
 
 Regulatory Matters 
 The manufacture, distribution, and marketing of healthcare products and the provision of certain services for development-stage pharmaceutical and biotechnology products are subject to extensive ongoing regulation by the FDA, other U.S. governmental authorities, and similar regulatory authorities in other countries. Certain of our subsidiaries are required to register for permits or licenses with, and must comply with the operating, cGMP, quality, and security standards of, applicable domestic and foreign healthcare regulators, including the FDA, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency (the DEA ), the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (the DHHS ), the equivalent agencies of the E.U. and its member states, and various state boards of pharmacy, state health departments, and comparable agencies in other jurisdictions, as well as various accrediting bodies, each depending upon the type of operations and the locations of distribution and sale of the products manufactured or services provided by those subsidiaries. 
 
 In addition, various aspects of our business are subject to other healthcare laws, including the U.S. Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, the Public Health Service Act, the Controlled Substances Act, and comparable state and foreign laws and regulations relevant to their activities. 
 
 We are also subject to various federal, state, local, national, and transnational laws, regulations, and requirements, both in the U.S. and other countries, relating to safe working conditions, laboratory and distribution practices, and the use, transportation, and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances. In addition, applicable import and export laws and regulations require us to abide by certain standards relating to the cross-border transit of finished goods, raw materials, and supplies and the handling of information. We are also subject to various other laws and regulations concerning the conduct of our non-U.S. operations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Anti-Bribery Act, and other anti-bribery laws and laws pertaining to the accuracy of our internal books and records. Furthermore, we are subject, in various jurisdictions, including the E.U. and certain U.S. states, to various privacy laws protecting data we may collect or process from employees, our customers' patients, or others. 
 
 The costs associated with complying with the various applicable federal, state, local, national, and transnational regulations could be significant, and the failure to comply with such legal requirements could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. See Item 1A. - Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and the Industry in Which We Operate We are a part of the highly regulated healthcare industry, subject to stringent regulatory standards and other applicable laws and regulations, which can change unexpectedly or be the subject of unexpected changes in interpretation or enforcement, any of which may adversely impact our business, for additional discussion of the costs associated with complying with the various regulations. 
 In fiscal 2023, we were subject to 51 regulatory audits, and, over the last five fiscal years, we completed approximately 300 regulatory audits. 
 
 Quality Assurance 
 We are committed to ensuring and maintaining the highest standard of regulatory compliance while providing high quality products to our customers, supported by our core value of Patient First . To meet these commitments, we have developed and implemented a Catalent-wide quality management system. We have employees around the globe focusing on quality and regulatory compliance. Our senior management team is actively involved in setting quality policies, standards, and internal guidance as well as managing internal and external quality performance. Our quality assurance department provides quality leadership and supervises our quality systems programs. An internal audit program monitors compliance with applicable regulations, standards, and internal policies. In addition, our facilities are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA, the DEA, and other equivalent local, state, and foreign regulatory authorities as well as our customers. All FDA, DEA, and other 
 23 

regulatory inspection observations have been resolved or are on track to be completed at the prescribed timeframe provided in commitments to the applicable agency in all material respects. We believe that our operations are in compliance in all material respects with the regulations under which our facilities are governed. 
 
 Environmental, Health Safety Matters 
 Our operations are subject to a variety of environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, including those of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA ), the U.S. Occupational Safety Health Administration OSHA ), and equivalent state, local, and national regulatory agencies in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. These laws and regulations govern, among other things, air emissions, wastewater discharges, the use, handling, and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, soil and groundwater contamination, and employee health and safety. Our manufacturing facilities use, in varying degrees, hazardous substances in their processes. These substances include, among others, chlorinated solvents, and in the past chlorinated solvents were used at one or more of our facilities, including a number we no longer own or operate. As at our current facilities, contamination at such formerly owned or operated properties can result and has resulted in liability to us, for which we have recorded appropriate reserves as needed. We believe that our operations are in compliance in all material respects with the environment, health, and safety regulations applicable to our facilities. 

24 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, operating results, or cash flow could be materially and adversely affected. Additional risks or uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently believe are immaterial, may also impair our business operations. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Business and the Industry in Which We Operate 
 
 Actions of activist shareholders could impact the pursuit of our business strategies and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, or share price. 
 
 We value constructive input from investors and regularly engage in dialogue with our shareholders regarding strategy and performance. Our board of directors and management team are committed to acting in the best interests of all shareholders. The actions taken by our board of directors and management in seeking to maintain constructive engagement with certain shareholders, however, may not be successful. 
 
 We have been, and may in the future be, subject to activities initiated by activist shareholders. In August 2023, we entered into a Cooperation Agreement (the Cooperation Agreement with Elliott Investment Management L.P. Elliott ). Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, we appointed Steven Barg, Frank D Amelio, Michelle Ryan, and Stephanie Okey as members of the Board, with an initial term expiring at the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 
 We strive to maintain constructive, ongoing communications with all shareholders, including Elliott, and we welcome constructive input from all shareholders toward the shared goal of enhancing stakeholder value. Nonetheless, we may not be successful in engaging constructively with one or more shareholders, and any resulting activist campaign that contests, or seeks to change, our strategic direction or business mix could have an adverse effect on us because: (i) responding to actions by activist shareholders could disrupt our business and operations, be costly or time-consuming, or divert the attention of our board of directors or senior management from the pursuit of business strategies, which could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition; (ii) perceived uncertainties as to our future direction may lead to the perception of a change in the direction of the business, instability, or lack of continuity, any of which may be exploited by our competitors, cause concern to our current or potential customers, cause concern in the minds of our employees and lead to the departure of critical employees, result in the loss of potential business opportunities, or make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners; and (iii) these types of actions could cause significant fluctuations in our share price based on temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business. 
 
 We anticipate being subject to increasing focus by our investors, regulators, customers, and other stakeholders on ESG matters. 
 
 Our investors, regulators, customers, and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on ESG matters. Certain investors, particularly institutional investors, and certain of our customers may use third-party benchmarks or scores to measure our ESG practices, and to decide whether to invest in our shares, engage with us regarding our practices, or engage or continue to use our services. If our ESG scores or practices do not meet desired standards, we may face reputational challenges. There can be no assurance that we will be able to accomplish any particular ESG goal or commitment, including any additional or revised commitment that we may announce in the future, as statements regarding such goals and commitments reflect our plans and aspirations at the time of announcement and do not guarantee achievement of such plans and aspirations within the timelines we announce or at all. 
 
 Different stakeholder groups have divergent views on ESG matters, which increases the risk that any action or lack thereof with respect to ESG matters will be perceived negatively by at least some stakeholders and adversely impact our reputation and business. Anti-ESG sentiment has gained some momentum across the United States, with several states having enacted or proposed anti-ESG policies or legislation, or issued related legal opinions. If we do not successfully manage ESG-related expectations across these varied stakeholder interests, it could erode stakeholder trust, impact our reputation, and constrain our business. Globally, a lack of harmonization in relation to ESG legal and regulatory reform across the jurisdictions in which we may operate may affect our future implementation of, and compliance with, rapidly developing ESG standards and requirements. Generally, we expect stakeholder demands and the prevailing legal environment to require us to devote additional resources to ESG matters in our review of prospective acquisitions. Additionally, collecting, measuring, and reporting ESG information and metrics can be costly, difficult, and time-consuming, are subject to evolving reporting standards, and can present numerous operational, reputational, financial, legal, and other risks. Compliance with ESG-related rules and efforts to meet investor expectations on ESG matters may place strain on our personnel, systems, and resources, and we may incur 
 25 

significant compliance costs. Additionally, failure to comply with such rules or meet investor expectations may have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 We are a part of the highly regulated healthcare industry, subject to stringent regulatory standards and other applicable laws and regulations, which can change unexpectedly or be the subject of unexpected changes in interpretation or enforcement, any of which may adversely impact our business. 
 
 The healthcare industry is highly regulated. We, and our customers, are subject to various local, state, federal, national, and transnational laws and regulations, which include the operating, quality, and security standards of the FDA, the DEA, various state boards of pharmacy, state health departments, the DHHS, similar bodies of the U.K., the E.U. and its member states, and other comparable agencies around the world, and, in the future, any change to such laws and regulations or the interpretation or application thereof could adversely affect us. Among other rules affecting us, we are subject to laws and regulations concerning cGMP and drug safety. New public health orders or best practice guidelines may increase our costs to operate or reduce our productivity, thereby affecting our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 We cannot ensure that our compliance controls, policies, and procedures will in every instance protect us from acts of our employees, agents, contractors, or collaborators that turn out to violate the laws or regulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including, without limitation, healthcare, employment, foreign corrupt practices, trade restrictions and sanctions, environmental, competition, and privacy laws and regulations. Failure by us or by our customers to comply with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations or requests from regulatory authorities could result in warning letters, product recalls or seizures, monetary sanctions, injunctions to halt manufacture or distribution, restrictions on our operations, civil or criminal sanctions, or withdrawal of existing or denial of pending approvals, permits, or registrations, including those relating to products or facilities. In addition, any such failure relating to the products or services we provide could expose us to contractual or product liability claims as well as claims from our customers, including claims for reimbursement for lost or damaged active pharmaceutical ingredients, which cost could be significant. Our business activities outside the U.S. are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Anti-Bribery Act, and other anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, regulations, or rules. Our business is heavily regulated and therefore involves significant interaction with public officials, including officials of non-U.S. governments. There is no certainty that all of our employees, agents, contractors, or collaborators, or those of our affiliates, will comply with all applicable laws and regulations, particularly given the high level of complexity of these laws. Violations of these laws and regulations may have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 In addition, any new offering or product classified as a pharmaceutical or medical device must undergo lengthy and rigorous clinical testing and other extensive, costly, and time-consuming procedures mandated by the FDA, the EMA, and other equivalent local, state, federal, national, and transnational regulatory authorities in the jurisdictions that regulate our offerings and products. 
 Although we believe that we comply in all material respects with applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that a regulatory agency or tribunal would not reach a different conclusion concerning the compliance of our operations with applicable laws and regulations. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain or renew existing permits, licenses, or other regulatory approvals or obtain, without significant delay, future permits, licenses, or other approvals needed for the operation of our businesses. Any noncompliance by us or our customers with applicable law or regulation or the failure to maintain, renew, or obtain necessary permits and licenses could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, loss of a permit, license, or other approval in any one portion of our business may have indirect consequences in another portion of our business if regulators or customers adjust their reviews of such other portion as a result or customers cease business with such other portion due to fears that such loss is a sign of broader concerns about our ability to deliver products or services of sufficient quality. 
 Any failure to implement fully, monitor, and continuously improve our quality management strategy could lead to quality or safety issues and expose us to significant costs, potential liability, and adverse publicity. 
 Our results depend on our ability to execute and improve when necessary our quality management strategy and systems, and effectively train and maintain our workforce with respect to quality management. Quality management plays an essential role in determining and meeting customer requirements, preventing defects, and improving our offerings, and, despite our network of quality systems, a quality or safety issue, including with respect to a high-revenue product, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, stock price, or results of operations and may subject us to regulatory action, including a product recall, product seizure, injunction to halt manufacture or distribution, or restriction on our operations; monetary fines; or other civil or criminal sanctions. In addition, such an issue could subject us to adverse publicity and costly 
 26 

litigation, including claims from our customers for reimbursement for the cost of lost or damaged active pharmaceutical ingredients or other related losses, the cost of which could be significant. 
 
 We have experienced, and may continue to experience, productivity issues and higher-than-expected costs at certain of our facilities, which have resulted in, and may continue to result in, material and adverse impacts on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we announced that we experienced productivity issues at three of our facilities, including two of our largest manufacturing facilities in fiscal 2023, relating to, among other things, deployment of a new enterprise resource planning (ERP) system and continued need to implement enhancements to operational and engineering controls following regulatory inspections, which led to reductions in revenues and increases in costs at these sites in fiscal 2023. Our plans to increase capacity for a customer s product at one of these sites did not move forward on schedule, and, due to manufacturing capacity constraints, revenue from the unproduced batches was not made up in fiscal 2023. There can be no assurance that such revenue will be recovered on expected timeframes or at all. In addition, we have experienced higher-than-expected costs at the three facilities. Although we have taken several measures at these facilities, including management and operational changes, there can be no assurance that such measures will successfully address the root causes of the issues identified at each site, that our costs will return to anticipated levels, or that productivity levels at these sites will return to normal in the expected timeframes or at all. If we are unsuccessful in remedying the productivity issues at our facilities, if we are unable to recover revenue from unproduced batches when expected or at all, or if our costs at our facilities remain elevated, we may continue to experience material and adverse impacts on our financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that additional operational and productivity issues will not arise at these three sites, or that similar operational and productivity issues will not materialize in our other manufacturing facilities, which may result in material and adverse impacts on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The declining demand for various COVID-19 vaccines and treatments from both patients and governments around the world has affected and may continue to affect sales of the COVID-19 products we manufacture and our financial condition. 
 
 We manufacture or provide services for a variety of products intended for the prevention or treatment of COVID-19 and its symptoms and effects, including both vaccines and treatments. Due to the substantially decreased demand for these products since the height of the COVID-19 pandemic, no single one of these products is currently material to our business. The duration and extent of future revenues from our development, testing, manufacturing, and packaging of COVID-19-related products is uncertain and dependent upon customer demand. As the COVID-19 pandemic evolved into an endemic phase, we anticipated greater seasonality for demand and a decreased patient population, which may result in overall lower demand for the COVID-19-related products we develop, test, manufacture, or package. The market for the COVID-19 vaccines we develop, test, manufacture, or package depends on several evolving factors that are outside of our control, including public health authority recommendations and consumer motivation to vaccinate. 
 
 Certain of the COVID-19-related products we develop and manufacture have not yet received full marketing approval from relevant regulatory authorities around the world or for certain patient populations. Should any of these COVID-19-related products be denied any necessary regulatory approval, the demand for such product could decrease significantly and therefore decrease customer orders for additional development, manufacturing, or packaging of those products. Additionally, the need for continued manufacture and supply of vaccines (including booster doses) and therapies to address COVID-19, including new and developing variants of COVID-19, is highly uncertain and subject to various political, economic, and regulatory factors that are outside of our control. In addition, highly public political and social debate relating to the need for, efficacy of, or side effects related to one or more specific COVID-19 vaccines could contribute to changes in public perception of one or more COVID-19 vaccines manufactured by us, which could decrease demand for a COVID-19 related products we develop, manufacture, or package. Any of these factors, or others, could lead to decreased demand for the COVID-19 related products we develop, manufacture, or package and, as a result, have an adverse effect on our financial results or financial condition. 
 The demand for our offerings depends in part on our customers research and development and the clinical and market success of their products. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be harmed if our customers spend less on, or are less successful in, these activities. In addition, customer spending may be affected by, among other things, recessionary economic conditions caused in whole or in part by lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Ukrainian-Russian war, the war in Gaza between Israel and Hamas, higher interest rates, or the rise in inflation worldwide. 
 Our customers are engaged in research, development, production, and marketing of pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and consumer health products. The amount of customer spending on research, development, production, and marketing, as well as the outcomes of such research, development, and marketing activities, have a large impact on our sales and profitability, 
 27 

particularly the amount our customers choose to spend on our offerings. Available resources, including funding for our biotechnology and other customers, the need to develop new products, and consolidation in the industries in which our customers operate may have an impact on such spending. Our customers and potential customers finance their research and development spending from private and public sources. A reduction in available financing for and spending by our customers, for these reasons or because of the direct or indirect lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation, higher interest rates, the Ukrainian-Russian war or other regional or global conflicts such as the war in Gaza, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If our customers are not successful in attaining or retaining product sales due to market conditions, reimbursement issues, or other factors, our results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 We participate in a highly competitive market, and increased competition may adversely affect our business. 
 We operate in a market that is highly competitive. We compete with multiple companies as to each of our offerings and in every region of the globe in which we operate, including competing with other companies that offer advanced delivery technologies, outsourced dose form or biologics manufacturing, clinical trials support services, or development services to pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and consumer health companies globally. We also compete in some cases with the internal operations of those pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and consumer health customers that also have manufacturing capabilities and choose to source these services internally. 
 We face substantial competition in each of our markets. Competition is driven by proprietary technologies and know-how, capabilities, consistency of operational performance, quality, price, value, responsiveness, and speed. Some competitors have greater financial, research and development, operational, and marketing resources than we do. Competition may also increase as additional companies enter our markets or use their existing resources to compete directly with ours. Expanded competition from companies in low-cost jurisdictions, such as India and China, may in the future adversely affect our results of operations or limit our growth. Greater financial, research and development, operational, and marketing resources may allow our competitors to respond more quickly with strategic acquisitions, or with new, alternative, or emerging technologies. Changes in the nature or extent of our customers requirements may render our offerings obsolete or non-competitive and could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are subject to product and other liability risks that could exceed our anticipated costs or adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, and cash flows. 
 We are subject to potentially significant product liability and other liability risks that are inherent in the design, development, manufacture, and marketing of our offerings. We may be named as a defendant in product liability lawsuits, which may allege that our offerings have resulted or could result in an unsafe condition or injury to consumers. Such lawsuits, even those without merit, could be costly to defend and could result in reduced sales, significant liabilities, adverse publicity, and diversion of management s time, attention, and resources. 
 Furthermore, product liability claims and lawsuits, regardless of their ultimate outcome, could have a material adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition, and reputation and on our ability to attract and retain customers. The availability of product liability insurance for companies in the pharmaceutical industry is generally more limited than insurance available to companies in other industries. We maintain product liability insurance with annual aggregate limits in excess of 25 million. There can be no assurance that a successful product liability or other claim would be adequately covered by our applicable insurance policies or by any applicable contractual indemnity or liability limitations. 
 
 Our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected by global health epidemics. 
 
 Any public health epidemic, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, may affect our operations and those of third parties on which we rely, including our customers and suppliers. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be affected by: disruptions in our customers abilities to fund, develop, or bring to market products as anticipated; delays in or disruptions to the conduct of clinical trials; cancellations of contracts or confirmed orders from our customers; decreased demand for categories of products in certain affected regions; governmental restrictions imposed to respond to the risks posed by any such epidemic; and inability, difficulty, or additional cost or delays in obtaining key raw materials, components, and other supplies from our existing supply chain; among other factors caused by a public health epidemic. 
 
 In addition, the impact of a public health epidemic could exacerbate other risks we face, including those described elsewhere in Risk Factors. 
 
 The services and offerings we provide are highly exacting and complex, and, if we encounter problems providing the services or support required, our business could suffer. 
 
 28 

The offerings we provide are highly exacting and complex, due in part to complex and exacting manufacturing processes and strict regulatory requirements. From time to time, problems may arise in connection with facility operations or during preparation or provision of an offering, in both cases for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, equipment malfunction, sterility variances or failures, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, problems with raw materials, environmental factors, and damage to, or loss of, manufacturing operations due to fire, flood, or similar causes. Such problems could affect production of a particular batch or series of batches, require the destruction of or otherwise result in the loss of product or materials used in the production of product, or could halt facility production altogether. This could, among other things, lead to increased costs, lost revenue, damage to customer relations, reimbursement to customers for lost active pharmaceutical ingredients or other related losses, time and expense spent investigating the cause, lost production time, and, depending on the cause, similar losses with respect to other batches or products. Production problems in our biologic manufacturing operations could be particularly significant because the cost of raw materials is often appreciably higher than in our other businesses. If problems are not discovered before the product is released to the market, recall and product liability costs may also be incurred. In addition, such risks may be greater at facilities that are new or going through significant expansion or renovation. The risks associated with running a highly complex facility doing exacting work with substantial regulatory oversight are enhanced for our larger sites, like our Bloomington, Indiana, Harmans, Maryland, St. Petersburg, Florida, or Swindon, U.K. sites, which generally generate much more revenue. 
 
 If we cannot keep pace with rapid technological advances, our services may become uncompetitive or obsolete, and our revenue and profitability may decline. 
 
 The healthcare industry is characterized by rapid technological change. Demand for our offerings may change in ways we may not anticipate because of evolving industry standards as well as a result of evolving customer needs that are increasingly sophisticated and varied and the introduction by others of new offerings and technologies that provide alternatives to our offerings. Several of our higher margin offerings are based on proprietary technologies. To the extent that such technologies are protected by patents, their related offerings may become subject to competition as the patents expire. Without the timely introduction of enhanced or new offerings and technologies, our offerings may become obsolete or uncompetitive over time, in which case our revenue and operating results would suffer. For example, if we are unable to respond to changes in the nature or extent of the technological or other needs of our pharmaceutical customers through enhancing our offerings, our competition may develop offerings that are more competitive than ours and we could find it more difficult to renew or expand existing agreements or obtain new agreements. Potential innovations intended to facilitate enhanced or new offerings generally will require a substantial investment before we can determine their commercial viability, and we may not obtain access to the innovations or have financial resources sufficient to fund all desired innovations. 
 
 Even if we succeed in creating or acquiring enhanced or new offerings from these innovations, they may still fail to result in commercially successful offerings or may not produce revenue in excess of the costs of development, and they may be rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences or the introduction by our competitors of offerings embodying new technologies or features. Finally, innovations may not be accepted quickly in the marketplace because of, among other things, entrenched patterns of clinical practice, the need for regulatory clearance, and uncertainty over market access or government or third-party reimbursement. 
 
 Any failure to protect or maintain our intellectual property may adversely affect our competitive edge that we hold and result in loss of revenue or reputation. 
 
 We rely on a combination of know-how, trade secrets, patents, copyrights, trademarks, and other intellectual property laws, nondisclosure and other contractual provisions, and technical measures to protect many of our offerings and intangible assets. These proprietary rights are important to our ongoing operations. There can be no assurance that these protections will provide uniqueness or meaningful competitive differentiation in our offerings or otherwise be commercially valuable or that we will be successful in obtaining additional intellectual property or enforcing our intellectual property rights against unauthorized users. The exclusive rights underlying certain of our offerings are protected by patents, some of which will expire in the near term. When patents covering an offering expire, loss of exclusivity may occur, which may force us to compete with third parties, thereby negatively affecting our revenue and profitability. 
 
 The proprietary rights that we or our customers may hold in these offerings may be invalidated, circumvented, or challenged. We may in the future be subject to proceedings seeking to oppose or limit the scope of our patent applications or issued patents. In addition, in the future, we may need to take legal actions to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, or to determine the validity or scope of the proprietary rights of others. Legal proceedings are inherently uncertain, and the outcome of such proceedings may be unfavorable to us. Any legal action regardless of outcome might result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. 
 
 29 

There can be no assurance that our confidentiality agreements will not be breached, our trade secrets will not otherwise become known by competitors, or that we will have adequate remedies in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of proprietary information. Even if the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property is upheld, an adjudicator might construe our intellectual property not to cover the alleged infringement. In addition, intellectual property enforcement may be unavailable or practically ineffective in some countries. There can be no assurance that our competitors will not independently develop technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our proprietary technology or that third parties will not design around our intellectual property claims to produce competitive offerings. The use of our technology or similar technology by others could reduce or eliminate any competitive advantage we have developed, cause us to lose sales, or otherwise harm our business. 
 
 While we continue to apply in the U.S. and certain other countries for registration of a number of trademarks, service marks, and patents, and also claim common law rights in various trademarks and service marks, there can be no assurance that third parties will not oppose our applications in the future. In addition, it is possible that in some cases we may be unable to obtain the registrations for trademarks, service marks, and patents for which we have applied, and a failure to obtain trademark and patent registrations in the U.S. or other countries could limit our ability to protect our trademarks and proprietary technologies and impede our marketing efforts in those jurisdictions. 
 
 License agreements with third parties control our rights to use certain patents, software, and information technology systems and proprietary technologies owned by third parties, some of which are important to our business. Termination of these license agreements for any reason could result in the loss of our rights to this intellectual property, causing an adverse change in our operations or the inability to commercialize certain offerings. 
 
 In addition, many of our branded pharmaceutical customers rely on patents to protect their products from generic competition. Because incentives exist in some countries, including the U.S., for generic pharmaceutical companies to challenge these patents, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies are under the ongoing threat of challenges to their patents. If the patents on which our customers rely were successfully challenged and, as a result, the affected products become subject to generic competition, the market for our customers products could be significantly adversely affected, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We attempt to mitigate these risks by making our offerings available to generic as well as branded manufacturers and distributors, but there can be no assurance that we will be successful in marketing these offerings. 
 
 Our offerings or our customers products may infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties. 
 
 From time to time, third parties have asserted intellectual property infringement claims against us and our customers, and there can be no assurance that third parties will not assert infringement claims against either us or our customers in the future. While we believe that our offerings do not infringe in any material respect upon proprietary rights of other parties, and that meritorious defenses would exist with respect to any assertion to the contrary, there can be no assurance that we could successfully avoid being found to infringe on the proprietary rights of others. Patent applications in the United States and certain other countries are generally not publicly disclosed until the patent is issued or published, and we and our customers may not be aware of currently filed patent applications that relate to our or their products, offerings, or processes. If patents later issue on these applications, we or they may be found liable for subsequent infringement. There has been substantial litigation in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries with respect to the manufacture, use, and sale of products that are the subject of conflicting patent rights. 
 
 Any claim that our offerings or processes infringe third-party intellectual property rights (including claims arising through our contractual indemnification of our customers), regardless of the claim s merit or resolution, could be costly and may divert the efforts and attention of our management and technical personnel. We may not prevail against any such claim given the complex technical issues and inherent uncertainties in intellectual property matters. If any such claim results in an adverse outcome, we could, among other things, be required to: pay substantial damages (potentially including treble damages in the U.S.); cease the manufacture, use, or sale of the infringing offerings or processes; discontinue the use of the infringing technology; expend significant resources to develop non-infringing technology; license technology from the third party claiming infringement, which license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all; and lose the opportunity to license our technology to others or to collect royalty payments based upon successful protection and assertion of our intellectual property against others. 
 
 In addition, our customers products may be subject to claims of intellectual property infringement and such claims could materially affect our business if their products cease to be manufactured or they have to discontinue the use of the infringing technology. 
 
 30 

Any of the foregoing could affect our ability to compete or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Events that diminish, tarnish, or otherwise damage our brand may have an adverse effect on our future financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We have built a strong brand in Catalent, with high overall and generally favorable awareness of the brand in our established markets and with target customers. Our brand identity is a competitive advantage for us in sales and marketing, which is evidenced by our customer mix among top branded drug, generics, biologics, and consumer health marketers. We have spent and continue to spend substantial time, money, and other resources to establish both our brand awareness and a favorable perception of our brand in relevant markets. Among other strategies, we participate in major international trade shows in our established markets and ensure visibility into our offerings through a comprehensive print and on-line advertising and publicity program. It is possible that a single event, or aggregation of several events, may diminish, tarnish, or otherwise damage our brand and adversely affect our future financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 For example, meaningful interruptions to our ability to reliably supply one or more customers with products on time, whether as a result of supply chain disruptions, manufacturing delays or defects, or the need to address regulatory requirements at our facilities, may diminish our customers confidence in our ability to timely meet our commitments, thereby damaging our brand. In addition, we are subject to various local, state, federal, national, and transnational laws and regulations, including the operating, quality, and security standards of the FDA, the DEA, and similar bodies of the U.K., the E.U., and other comparable agencies around the world. Highly public or significant negative reports or findings from a regulatory agency with respect to one or more manufacturing or quality defects in our operations, inspections of our facilities, or other routine reviews could cause negative public perception of our operations, negatively impacting our brand, and adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, many of the other risks we face, including those described elsewhere in Risk Factors could diminish, tarnish, or otherwise damage our brand. 
 
 Our results of operations are subject to fluctuations in the costs, availability, and suitability of the components of the products we manufacture, including active pharmaceutical ingredients, excipients, purchased components, and raw materials, and other supplies or equipment we need to run our business. 
 
 We depend on various active pharmaceutical ingredients, components, compounds, raw materials, and energy supplied primarily by third parties for our offerings. Our customers also frequently provide us with their active pharmaceutical or biologic ingredient for formulation or incorporation in the finished product and may supply other raw materials as well. It is possible that any of our or our customers supplier relationships could be interrupted due to changing regulatory requirements, import or export restrictions, natural disasters, international supply disruptions, including those caused by public health emergencies, wars, geopolitical issues, operational or quality issues at the suppliers facilities, and other events, or could be terminated in the future. 
 
 For example, gelatin, a critical component for manufacturing many of our softgel formats is only available from a limited number of sources. In addition, much of the gelatin we use is bovine-derived. Past concerns of contamination from bovine spongiform encephalopathy have narrowed the number of possible sources of particular types of gelatin. If there were a future disruption in the supply of gelatin or any other key raw material used to manufacture our products, we may not be able to obtain an adequate alternative supply. If future restrictions or other developments limit our ability to obtain a key material, any such restriction or development could hinder our ability to timely supply our customers with products, and the use of alternative material could be subject to lengthy and uncertain formulation, testing, and regulatory approval. 
 
 In addition, certain of our inputs are currently sole-sourced, so any disruption related to such a supplier is more likely to have an impact on our operations. Replacing a sole-source supplier of a production input to a medicine requiring marketing approval may be impossible or time-consuming, due to the rigorous standards we are obliged to apply to any new supplier. 
 
 Any sustained interruption in our receipt of adequate supplies could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, while we have processes intended to reduce volatility in component and material pricing, we may not be able to successfully manage price fluctuations, and future price fluctuations or shortages may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 Our goodwill has been subject to impairment and may be subject to further impairment in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or future operating results. 
 
 31 

We perform an annual goodwill impairment test for each reporting unit on April 1, or more frequently if indicators for potential impairment exist. Indicators that are considered include significant changes in performance relative to expected operating results, significant negative industry or economic trends, or a significant decline in our stock price and/or market capitalization for a sustained period of time. In addition, we assess the current and future economic outlook for our reporting units in our Pharma and Consumer Health and Biologics segments during the fiscal year. While we believe the assumptions used in determining whether there was impairment and the amount of any resulting impairment were reasonable and commensurate with the views of a market participant, changes in key assumptions in the future, including increasing the discount rate, lowering forecasts for revenue and operating margin, or lowering the long-term growth rate, could result in additional charges; similarly, one or more changes in these assumptions in future periods due to changes in circumstances could result in future impairments in this reporting unit or other reporting units. We have incurred impairment charges in the past, and we cannot predict if or when additional future goodwill impairments may occur. For example, for the three months ended March 31, 2023, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 210 million in the Consumer Health reporting units within our Pharma and Consumer Health segment. In addition, for the three months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded goodwill impairment charges of 689 million associated with the Consumer Health and Biomodalities reporting units in our Pharma and Consumer Health and Biologics segments, respectively. Any goodwill impairments could have material adverse effects on our operating income, net assets, or our cost of, or access to, capital, which could harm our business. See Note 4, Goodwill and Note 20, Subsequent Events, Impairment of Goodwill to our consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 (our Consolidated Financial Statements for more details. 
 
 Changes in market access or healthcare reimbursement for, or public sentiment towards our customers products in the U. S. or internationally, or other changes in applicable policies regarding the healthcare industry, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition by affecting demand for our offerings. 
 
 The healthcare industry has changed significantly over time, and we expect the industry to continue to evolve. Some of these changes, such as ongoing healthcare reform, including with respect to reforming drug pricing, adverse changes in governmental or private funding of healthcare products and services, legislation or regulations governing patient access to care and privacy, or the delivery, pricing, or reimbursement approval of pharmaceuticals and healthcare services or mandated benefits, may cause healthcare industry participants to change the amount of our offerings that they purchase or the price they are willing to pay for these offerings. In particular, it is possible that future legislation in the U.S. may affect or put a cap on future pricing of pharmaceutical and biotechnology products. While we are unable to predict the likelihood of changes to U.S. and other international laws affecting pharmaceutical and biotechnology products, any substantial revision of applicable healthcare legislation could have a material adverse effect on the demand for our customers products, which in turn could have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition, or business. Changes in the healthcare industry s pricing, selling, inventory, distribution, or supply policies or practices, or in public or government sentiment for the industry as a whole, could also significantly reduce our revenue and results of operations. In particular, volatility in individual product demand may result from changes in public or private payer reimbursement or coverage. 
 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 
 We have generated net operating losses NOLs (and acquired affiliates with pre-existing NOLs) or certain other tax attributes that have been, and continue to be, used to reduce taxable income. In the case of our NOL carryforwards (and new NOLs that may arise), they may be subject to a substantial limitation under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Internal Revenue Code ), and comparable provisions of state, local, and foreign tax laws due to changes in ownership of our company that may occur in the future. Under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code and comparable provisions of state, local, and foreign tax laws, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, generally defined as a greater than 50 change by value in its equity ownership over a three-year period, the corporation s ability to carry forward its pre-change NOLs to reduce its post-change income may be limited. In addition, we acquired companies that generated pre-acquisition NOLs for tax purposes that will also be subject to limitation under Section 382 and comparable provisions of state, local, and foreign tax laws. We may experience ownership changes in the future because of future changes in our stock ownership. As a result, our ability to use NOL carryforwards to reduce U.S. federal, state, local, and foreign taxable income we produce in the future years may be subject to limitations, which could result in increased future tax liability to us. 
 
 Changes to the estimated future profitability of the business may require that we establish an additional valuation allowance against all or some portion of our net deferred tax assets. 
 
 We have deferred tax assets for NOL carryforwards, certain other tax attributes, and other temporary differences. We currently maintain a valuation allowance for a portion of our U.S. net deferred tax assets and certain foreign net deferred tax assets. It is possible we may experience a decline in U.S. and foreign taxable income resulting from a decline in profitability of our relevant operations, an increased level of debt in the U.S., or other factors. In assessing our ability to realize our deferred 
 32 

tax assets, we may conclude that it is more likely than not that some additional portion or all our deferred tax assets will not be realized. As a result, we may be required to record an additional valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets, which could adversely affect our effective income tax rate and therefore our financial results. 
 
 We depend on key personnel, and, if we are unable to attract, retain and motivate well-qualified employees, our business could be harmed. 
 
 We depend on our executive officers and other key personnel, including our technical personnel, to operate and grow our business and to develop new and enhanced offerings and technologies. The loss of any of these officers or other key personnel or a failure to attract and retain suitably skilled technical personnel could adversely affect our operations. In addition to our executive officers, we rely on approximately 170 senior employees to lead and direct our business. Our senior leadership team is comprised of our subsidiaries executive officers and other vice presidents and directors who hold critical positions and possess specialized talents and capabilities that give us a competitive advantage in the market. Any change in our senior leadership team in particular, even in the ordinary course of business, may be disruptive to our business. While we seek to manage these transitions carefully, such changes may result in a loss of institutional knowledge and cause disruptions to our business and new executive hires may fail to achieve any anticipated benefits. If our senior leadership team fails to work together effectively or execute our plans and strategies on a timely basis as a result of management turnover or otherwise, our business could be harmed. In addition, we employ more than 3,000 scientists and technicians whose areas of expertise and specialization cover subjects such as advanced delivery, biologics and gene and cell therapy formulation and manufacturing. Many of our sites and laboratories are located in competitive labor markets; therefore, global and regional competitors and, in some cases, customers and suppliers compete for the same skills and talent as we do. If we are unable to hire and retain sufficient qualified employees, our ability to conduct and expand our business could be meaningfully reduced. 
 
 We may acquire businesses and offerings that complement or expand our business or divest non-strategic businesses or assets. We may not be able to complete desired transactions, and such transactions, if executed, pose significant risks, including risks relating to our ability to successfully and efficiently integrate acquisitions or execute on dispositions and realize anticipated benefits therefrom. The failure to execute or realize the full benefits from any such transaction could have a negative effect on our operations and profitability. 
 
 Our future success may depend in part on opportunities to buy or otherwise acquire rights to other businesses or technologies, enter into joint ventures or otherwise enter into strategic arrangements with business partners that could complement, enhance, or expand our current business or offerings and services or that might otherwise offer us growth opportunities, or divest assets or an ongoing business. We face competition from other companies in pursuing acquisitions and similar transactions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry. Our ability to complete transactions may also be limited by applicable antitrust and trade laws and regulations in the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which we or the operations or assets we seek to acquire carry on business. To the extent that we are successful in making acquisitions, we expend substantial amounts of cash, incur debt, or assume loss-making divisions as consideration. We or the purchaser of a divested asset or business may not be able to complete a desired transaction for any number of reasons, including a failure to secure financing. 
 
 Any acquisition that we are able to identify and complete may involve a number of risks, including, but not limited to, the diversion of management s attention to integrate the acquired businesses or joint ventures, the possible adverse effects on our operating results during the integration process, the potential loss of customers or employees in connection with the acquisition, delays or reduction in realizing expected synergies, unexpected liabilities, and our potential inability to achieve our intended objectives for the transaction. In addition, we may be unable to maintain uniform standards, controls, procedures, and policies, which may lead to operational inefficiencies. 
 
 To the extent that we are not successful in completing desired divestitures, we may have to expend cash, incur debt, or continue to absorb the costs of loss-making or under-performing divisions. Any divestiture, whether we complete it or not, may involve numerous risks, including diversion of management s attention, a negative impact on our customer relationships, costs associated with maintaining its business during the disposition process, and the costs of closing and disposing of the affected business or transferring remaining portions of the operations of the business to other facilities. 
 
 We provide services incorporating various advanced modalities, including protein and plasmid production and cell and gene therapies, and these modalities relate to relatively new modes of treatment that may be subject to changing public opinion, continuing research, and increased regulatory scrutiny, each of which may affect our customers abilities to conduct their businesses or obtain regulatory approvals for their therapies, and thereby adversely affect these offerings. 
 
 Cell and gene therapy, with or without the use of iPSCs or plasmids, remain relatively new means for treating disease and other medical conditions, with only a few cell and gene therapies approved to date in the U.S., the E.U., or elsewhere. Public 
 33 

perception may be influenced by claims that cell or gene therapies are unsafe, and cell or gene therapy may not gain the acceptance of the public or the medical community. In addition, ethical, social, legal, and cost-benefit concerns about cell or gene therapy, genetic testing, genetic research, and the use of stem cells or materials derived from viruses could result in additional regulations or limitations or even outright prohibitions on certain cell or gene therapies or related products. Various regulatory and legislative bodies have expressed an interest in, or have taken steps towards, further regulation of various biotechnologies, including cell and gene therapies. More restrictive regulations or claims that certain cell or gene therapies are unsafe or pose a hazard could reduce our customers use of our services. We can provide no assurance whether legislative changes will be enacted, regulations, policies, or guidance changed, or interpretations of existing strictures by agencies or courts changed, or what the impact of such changes, if any, may be. 
 
 We may become subject to litigation, other proceedings, and government investigations relating to us or our operations, and the ultimate outcome of any such matter may have an impact on our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We may become subject to litigation or government investigations in the U.S and foreign jurisdictions that may arise from the conduct of our business. We generally intend to defend ourselves vigorously against any litigation proceeding or government investigation; however, we cannot be certain of the ultimate outcomes of any legal proceedings or investigations that may arise in the future. Resolution of these types of matters against us may result in, among other things, the payment of significant fines, judgments, penalties or settlements, the imposition of administrative remedies, changes and additional costs to our business operations to avoid risks associated with such litigation or investigations, reputational damage and decreased demand for our products, and the expenditure of significant time and resources that would otherwise be available for operating our business, all of which may have an impact on our business, prospects, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, which could increase our costs or restrict our operations in the future. 
 
 Our operations are subject to a variety of environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, including those of the EPA, OSHA, and equivalent local, state, and national regulatory agencies in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Any failure by us to comply with environmental, health, and safety requirements could result in the limitation or suspension of production or subject us to monetary fines, civil or criminal sanctions, or other future liabilities in excess of our reserves. In particular, we are subject to laws and regulations governing the destruction and disposal of raw materials, byproducts of our manufacturing operations, and non-compliant products, the handling of regulated material included in our offerings, and the disposal of our products or their components at the end of their useful lives. In addition, compliance with environmental, health, and safety requirements could restrict our ability to expand our facilities or require us to acquire costly environmental or safety control equipment, incur other significant expenses, or modify our manufacturing processes. Our manufacturing facilities may use, in varying degrees, hazardous substances in their processes. These substances include, among others, chlorinated solvents, and in the past chlorinated solvents were used at one or more of our facilities, including a number we no longer own or operate. As at our current facilities, contamination at such formerly owned or operated properties can result and has resulted in liability to us. In the event of the discovery of new or previously unknown contamination either at our facilities, facilities we acquire in the future, or at third-party locations, including facilities we formerly owned or operated, the issuance of additional requirements with respect to existing contamination, or the imposition of other cleanup obligations for which we are responsible, we may be required to take additional, unplanned remedial measures for which we have not recorded reserves. We are conducting monitoring and cleanup of contamination at certain facilities currently or formerly owned or operated by us, and such activities may result in unanticipated costs or management distraction. 
 
 We are subject to labor and employment laws and regulations, which could increase our costs and restrict our operations in the future. 
 
 We have nearly 17,800 individuals providing services for us worldwide, including approximately 10,500 service providers in North America, 5,700 in Europe, 1,000 in South America, and 600 in the Asia-Pacific region. Certain employees at one of our North American facilities are represented by a labor organization, and national works councils or labor organizations are active at our European facilities and certain of our other facilities consistent with local labor environments and laws. Our management believes that our employee relations are satisfactory. However, further organizing activities, collective bargaining, or changes in the regulatory framework for employment may increase our employment-related costs or may result in work stoppages or other labor disruptions. Moreover, as employers are subject to various employment-related claims, such as individual and class actions relating to alleged employment discrimination and wage-hour and labor standards issues, such actions, if brought against us and successful in whole or in part, may affect our ability to compete or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 34 

We have partnered with, and may continue to partner with, companies that focus on the development of cannabis-based prescription medicines and cannabinoid drug therapies solely to the extent such companies programs comply with all U.S. and non-U.S. equivalent laws, which is a business that attracts a high-level of public and media interest and an industry in which l aws and regulations are constantly evolving. 
 
 We have partnered with, and may continue to partner with, companies that focus on the development of cannabis-based prescription medicines and high-value cannabinoid drug therapies, which may attract a high-level of public and media interest, and in the event of any resultant adverse publicity, our reputation may be harmed. In addition, the constant evolution of laws and regulations affecting the research and development of cannabinoid-based pharmaceutical products and treatments could detrimentally affect our business. Laws and regulations related to the therapeutic uses of cannabinoids are subject to changing interpretations. These changes may require us to incur costs associated with legal and compliance fees and ultimately require us to alter our business plan. Furthermore, violations or alleged violation of these laws could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our operations. We cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications of laws and regulations and it is possible that new laws and regulations may be enacted in the future that will be directly applicable to our business. In addition, regulatory approval of product candidates that contain controlled substances may generate public controversy or scrutiny. Adverse publicity from misuse or adverse side effects of cannabis-based prescription medicines may adversely affect the commercial success or market penetration achievable by such product candidates which could result in an adverse effect on our operations. 
 
 Certain of our pension plans are underfunded, and additional cash contributions we may make to increase the funding level will reduce the cash available for our business, such as the payment of our interest expense. 
 
 Certain of our current and former employees in the U.S., the U.K., Germany, France, Japan, Belgium, and Switzerland are participants in defined benefit pension plans that we sponsor. As of June 30, 2023, the underfunded amount of our pension plans on a worldwide basis was 44 million, primarily related to our pension plans in the U.K. and Germany. In addition, we have an estimated obligation of 38 million, as of June 30, 2023, related to our withdrawal from a multiemployer pension plan in which we formerly participated. In general, the amount of future contributions to the underfunded plans will depend upon asset returns, applicable actuarial assumptions, prevailing and expected interest rates, and other factors, and, as a result, the amount we may be required to contribute in the future to fund the obligations associated with such plans may vary. Such cash contributions to the plans will reduce the cash available for our business, including the funds available to pursue strategic growth initiatives or the payment of interest expense on our indebtedness. 
 
 Our global operations are subject to economic and political risks, including risks resulting from continuing inflation, disruptions to global supply chains, destabilization of a regional or national banking system, from the Ukrainian-Russian war, or the effect of the evolving nature of the recent war in Gaza between Israel and Hamas, which could affect the profitability of our operations or require costly changes to our procedures. 
 
 We conduct our operations in various regions of the world, including North America, South America, Europe, and the Asia-Pacific region. Global and regional economic and political developments affect businesses such as ours in many ways. Our operations are subject to the effects of global and regional competition. Our global operations are also affected by local economic environments, including inflation, recession, and changes to the availability of capital our customers may need to continue or expand their business with us. Political changes, some of which may be disruptive, and related hostilities can interfere with our supply chain, our customers, and some or all of our activities in a particular location. While some of these risks can be hedged using derivatives or other financial instruments and some are insurable, such mitigating measures may be unavailable, costly, or unsuccessful. 
 
 Beginning in fiscal 2022, much of the world, including the U.S. and the E.U., began to experience inflation levels not seen in more than 30 years. As a result, prices for many of our inputs have risen, in some cases dramatically. If inflation stays at elevated levels or increases, we may not be able to mitigate the impact of the increased costs we will bear through corresponding price increases to our customers, which could have an impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The outbreak of hostilities between Israel and Hamas has the potential for further disruption of economic markets, particularly if the war expands to include other state actors. The Company has no operations in the Middle East at the current time. However, events there could result in political turmoil in Europe, which could directly affect our operations there, and could also adversely affect the business that we conduct with customers in the Middle East and other parts of the world. Also, the turmoil in the Middle East could have global economic effects that are the same as or more severe than those of the war in the Ukraine, with similar consequences for our business. 
 
 35 

As a global enterprise, fluctuations in the exchange rates of the U.S. dollar, our reporting currency, against other currencies could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and results of operations. 
 
 As a company with significant operations outside of the U.S., certain revenues, costs, assets, and liabilities, including our euro-denominated 2.375 Senior Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes ), are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, which is the currency that we use to report our financial results. As a result, changes in the exchange rates of these or any other applicable currency to the U.S. dollar will affect our revenues, earnings, and cash flows. There has been, and may continue to be, volatility in currency exchange rates affecting the various currencies in which we do business. Such volatility and other changes in exchange rates could result in unrealized and realized exchange losses, despite any effort we may undertake to manage or mitigate our exposure to fluctuations in the values of various currencies. 
 
 Tax legislative or regulatory initiatives, new interpretations or developments concerning existing tax laws, or challenges to our tax positions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We are a large multinational enterprise with operations in the U.S. and more than a dozen other countries across North and South America, Europe, and the Asia-Pacific region, and we do business with suppliers and customers in many additional regions. As such, we are subject to the tax laws and regulations of the U.S. federal, state, and local governments and of many jurisdictions outside of the U.S. From time to time, various legislative initiatives may be proposed that could adversely affect our tax positions, and existing legislation may be subject to additional regulatory changes or new interpretations . There can be no assurance that our effective tax rate or tax payments will not be adversely affected by these initiatives. 
 
 In addition, U.S. federal, state, local, and foreign tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. We are subject to regular examination of our income tax returns by various tax authorities. Examinations or changes in laws, rules, regulations, or interpretations by taxing authorities could result in adverse impacts to tax years open under statute or to our operating structures currently in place. It is possible that the outcomes from these examinations or changes in laws, rules, regulations, or interpretations by taxing authorities will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 We use advanced information and communication systems to run our operations, compile and analyze financial and operational data, and communicate among our employees, customers, and counterparties, and the risks generally associated with information and communications systems could adversely affect our results of operations. We continuously work to install new, and upgrade existing, systems and provide employee awareness training around phishing, malware, and other cyber security risks to enhance the protections available to us, but such protections may be inadequate to address malicious attacks or inadvertent compromises affecting data security or the operability of such systems. 
 
 We rely on information systems in our business to obtain, process, analyze, and manage data to: 
 facilitate the manufacture and distribution of thousands of inventory items in, to, and from our facilities; 
 receive, process, and ship orders on a timely basis; 
 manage the accurate billing and collections for more than one thousand customers; 
 create, compile, and retain testing and other product-, manufacturing-, or facility-related data necessary for meeting our and our customers regulatory obligations. 
 manage the accurate accounting and payment for thousands of vendors and our employees; 
 schedule and operate our global network of development, manufacturing, and packaging facilities; 
 document various aspects of our activities, including the agreements we make with suppliers and customers; 
 compile financial and other operational data into reports necessary to manage our business and comply with various regulatory or contractual obligations, including obligations under our bank loans and other indebtedness, the federal securities laws, the Internal Revenue Code, and other applicable state, local, and ex-U.S. tax laws; and communicate among our nearly 19,000 workers spread across dozens of facilities over four continents. 
 
 We face various security threats on a regular basis, including ongoing cyber security threats to and attacks on our information technology infrastructure. We deploy defenses against such threats and attacks and work to secure the integrity of our data systems using techniques, hardware, and software typical of companies of our size and scope. Despite our security measures, however, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by increasingly sophisticated intruders or others who try to cause harm to or interfere with our normal use of our systems. They are also susceptible to breach due to employee error, malfeasance, or other disruptions. Our suppliers, contractors, service providers, and other third parties with whom we do business also experience cyber threats and attacks that are similar in frequency and sophistication. In many cases, we have to rely on the controls and safeguards put in place by our suppliers, contractors, service providers, and other third parties to defend against, respond to, and report these attacks. We cannot know the potential impact of future cyber incidents, which vary widely in severity and scale. There can be no assurance that the various procedures and controls we 
 36 

utilize to mitigate these threats will be sufficient to prevent disruptions to our systems, in part because (i) cyber-attack techniques change frequently and, at times, new techniques are not recognized until launched, and (ii) cyber-attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources. Our results of operations could be adversely affected if these systems are interrupted or damaged or fail for any extended period. 
 
 Efforts by governments around the world or our customers to secure or promote the benefits of locally produced supplies, as well as other risks associated with foreign operations, may render the locations of certain of our facilities less desirable, affecting their utilization rates and therefore our profitability, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 We serve more than 1,200 customers in more than 80 countries, with 35 of our fiscal 2023 net revenue coming from outside the U.S., and we operate facilities in more than a dozen U.S. states and more than a dozen countries outside the U.S. The global nature of our sales and operations subjects us to risks, including risks arising from efforts by governments around the world or our customers to secure or promote the benefits of locally produced supplies, higher import duties in some countries that may favor locally produced supplies, the differing impacts of varying economic conditions in different jurisdictions, changes in tariffs and trade relations, unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, certification requirements, environmental regulations, reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries, potentially adverse tax consequences, and political and economic instability. If one or more of these risks is realized, it could have a material adverse impact on our utilization rates for certain of our facilities, and therefore our profitability, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 Artificial intelligence-based platforms present new risks and challenges to our business. 
 
 Artificial intelligence, or AI, based platforms are increasingly being used in the biopharmaceutical, pharmaceutical, and consumer health industries. We are committed to providing a safe and secure environment for our personnel, our business partners, and our customers, including the responsible use of AI chatbots and generative AI data processor products AI Systems ). We have developed policies governing the use of AI Systems to help reasonably ensure that such AI Systems are used in a trustworthy manner by our employees, contractors, and authorized agents and that our assets, including intellectual property, competitive information, personal information we may collect or process, and customer information, are protected. Any failure by our personnel, contractors, or other agents to adhere to our established policies could violate confidentiality obligations or applicable laws and regulations, jeopardize our intellectual property rights, cause or contribute to unlawful discrimination, or result in the misuse of personally identifiable information or the injection of malware into our systems, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 The use of AI Systems by our business partners with access to our confidential information, including trade secrets, may continue to increase and could lead to the release of such information, which could negatively impact us, including our ability to realize the benefits of our intellectual property. The use of AI Systems by our business partners may lead to novel and urgent cybersecurity risks, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and reputation as well as the operations of any of our business partners. We may also face increased competition from other companies that are using AI Systems, some of whom may develop more effective methods than we and any of our business partners have, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. In addition, uncertainties regarding developing legal and regulatory requirements and standards may require significant resources to modify and maintain business practices to comply with U.S. and non-U.S. laws concerning the use of AI and AI Systems, the nature of which cannot be determined at this time. 
 
 Our cash, cash equivalents, and financial investments could be adversely affected if the financial institutions in which we hold our cash, cash equivalents, and financial investments fail. 
 
 We regularly maintain cash balances at third-party financial institutions in excess of the insurance limit of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC and other countries deposit insurance systems. 
 
 The FDIC took control and was appointed receiver of Silicon Valley Bank and New York Signature Bank (collectively, the Failed Banks on March 10, 2023 and March 12, 2023, respectively. We do not have any direct exposure to either of the Failed Banks. However, if banks and financial institutions where we maintain large cash balances, cash equivalents, or financial investments enter receivership or become insolvent in the future in response to financial conditions affecting the banking system and financial markets, our ability to access our existing cash, cash equivalents, and financial investments could be threatened and may have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, financial condition, or results of operations. Moreover, events such as the closure of large regional or national banks like the Failed Banks, in addition to other global macroeconomic conditions, may cause further turbulence and uncertainty in the capital markets. 
 
 37 

Risks Relating to Our Indebtedness 
 
 The size of our indebtedness and the obligations associated with it could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or in our industry or to deploy capital to grow our business, expose us to interest-rate risk to the extent of our variable-rate debt, or prevent us from meeting our obligations under our indebtedness. These risks may be increased in a recessionary environment, particularly as sources of capital may become less available or more expensive. 
 
 As of June 30, 2023, on a consolidated basis, we had 4.85 billion (U.S. dollar equivalent) of total indebtedness outstanding, consisting of 1.92 billion of secured indebtedness under our senior secured credit facilities and 2.93 billion of senior unsecured indebtedness, including 500 million aggregate principal amount of 5.000 U.S. dollar-denominated Senior Notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes ), 825 million aggregate principal amount of the 2028 Notes, 550 million aggregate principal amount of U.S. dollar-denominated 3.125 Senior Notes due 2029 (the 2029 Notes ), and 650 million aggregate principal amount of U.S. dollar-denominated 3.500 Senior Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes and, together with the 2027 Notes, the 2028 Notes, and the 2029 Notes, the Senior Notes ). As of June 30, 2023, we also held 341 million in finance lease obligations. We also had the ability to incur significant additional indebtedness, including via 594 million of unutilized capacity under our 1.10 billion secured revolving credit facility, which part of our senior secured credit facilities (the Revolving Credit Facility following borrowings of 500 million and 6 million of outstanding letters of credit. 
 
 The multi-billion-dollar size of our indebtedness could have important consequences for us, including: 
 increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic, industry, or competitive developments; 
 exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates because certain of our borrowings, including borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities, are at variable rates of interest; 
 exposing us to the risk of fluctuations in exchange rates because of our euro-denominated notes; 
 making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness, and any failure to comply with the obligations of any of our debt instruments, including restrictive covenants and borrowing conditions, could result in one or more events of default under the agreements governing such indebtedness or, through cross-defaults, in agreements governing other indebtedness; 
 restricting us from making strategic acquisitions or capital investments or causing us to make non-strategic divestitures; 
 limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, product development, debt service requirements, acquisitions, and general corporate or other purposes; 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who have less indebtedness relative to their size and who, therefore, may be able to take advantage of opportunities that our higher level of indebtedness prevents us from exploiting; and 
 limiting the types of investors who are willing to invest in our Common Stock, as certain investors prefer to invest in companies with lower levels of indebtedness relative to other financial metrics. 
 
 Our total interest expense, net was 186 million, 123 million, and 110 million for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. After taking into consideration our ratio of fixed-to-floating-rate debt, including as a result of our June 2023 amendment to our interest-rate swap agreement with Bank of America N.A., and assuming that the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR is above any applicable minimum floor, each change of 50 basis points in interest rates would result in a change of 7 million in annual interest expense on the indebtedness under our senior secured credit facilities. 
 
 Our interest expense may continue to increase as policymakers combat the inflation that has taken hold since fiscal 2022 through interest-rate increases on benchmark financial products that can affect the interest rates on our variable-rate debt. 
 
 The size of our indebtedness, alone or combined with volatility in our reported financial results, may cause suppliers or customers to opt not to do business with us or to do so under less attractive terms, or render it more costly or time-consuming to secure supplies or attract customers, which could affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 There can be no assurance as to the effect that the size of our indebtedness, alone or combined with volatility in our reported financial results, will have on our relationships with our suppliers or customers. To the extent that the size of our indebtedness, alone or combined with volatility in our reported financial results, results in the tightening of payment or credit terms, increases in the price of supplied goods, or the loss of one or more major suppliers or customers, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, or results of operations. 
 
 38 

Despite our high indebtedness level, we and our subsidiaries are still capable of incurring significant additional debt, which could further exacerbate the risks associated with our substantial indebtedness. 
 
 We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. Although the agreements governing our indebtedness contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions, and, under certain circumstances, the amount of indebtedness that we may incur while remaining in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. In addition, as of June 30, 2023, we had approximately 594 million available to us for borrowing, subject to certain conditions, under our Revolving Credit Facility. If new debt is added to the current debt levels for which we or our subsidiaries are responsible, the risks associated with debt we currently face would increase. 
 
 Our interest expense on our variable-rate debt may continue to increase if and to the extent that policymakers combat inflation through interest-rate increases on benchmark financial products. 
 
 Borrowings under our variable-rate debt are at variable rates of interest and are based upon benchmarks that are subject to potential change or elimination, and therefore expose us to interest-rate risk. If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on our variable-rate debt will increase even though the amount borrowed remains the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, will correspondingly decrease. 
 
 Our debt agreements contain restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business. 
 
 The agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness contain various covenants that limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions. These covenants limit the ability of Operating Company and those of its subsidiaries to which these covenants apply (which Operating Company s Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2014 (as amended, the Credit Agreement calls restricted subsidiaries to, among other things: 
 incur additional indebtedness and issue certain preferred stock; 
 pay certain dividends on, repurchase, or make distributions in respect of capital stock or make other restricted payments; 
 pay distributions from restricted subsidiaries; 
 issue or sell capital stock of restricted subsidiaries; 
 guarantee certain indebtedness; 
 make certain investments; 
 sell or exchange certain assets; 
 enter into transactions with affiliates; 
 create certain liens; and 
 consolidate, merge, or transfer all or substantially all of our assets and the assets of our subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 
 A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under one or more of these agreements, including as a result of cross-default provisions, and, in the case of our Revolving Credit Facility, permit the lenders to cease making loans to us. 
 
 Despite the limitations in our debt agreements, we retain the ability to take certain actions that may interfere with our ability to timely pay our substantial indebtedness. 
 
 The covenants in the Credit Agreement and in the several indentures governing our Senior Notes (collectively, the Indentures contain various exceptions to the limitations they otherwise impose on our ability and the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to take the various actions described in the prior risk factor. For example, if the Senior Notes have investment-grade ratings and we are not in default under these agreements, certain of these covenants will not apply, including the covenants restricting certain dividends and other payments, the covenants concerning the incurrence of indebtedness, and the covenants limiting guarantees of indebtedness by our restricted subsidiaries. In addition, the covenants restricting dividends and other distributions by us, purchases or redemption of certain equity securities, and prepayment, redemption, or repurchase of any subordinated indebtedness are subject to various exceptions. 
 
 We may not be able to pay our indebtedness when it becomes due. 
 
 Our ability to pay principal and interest on our variable-rate debt and to satisfy our other debt obligations will depend upon, among other things: 
 
 39 

our future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic, industry, and competitive conditions and financial, business, legislative, regulatory, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control; and 
 our future ability to borrow under the Revolving Credit Facility, the availability of which depends on, among other things, our complying with applicable covenants in our Credit Agreement. 
 
 We cannot assure you that our business will generate cash flow from operations, or that we will be able to draw under the Revolving Credit Facility or otherwise, in an amount sufficient to fund our liquidity needs, including the payment of principal and interest on the Senior Notes, our term loans, our existing borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility, and our other debt obligations. If our cash flows and other capital resources are insufficient to service our indebtedness, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital, or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. In addition, the terms of existing or future debt agreements may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives. In the absence of such operating results and resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions for fair market value, on a timely basis to meet our needs, or at all. Furthermore, any proceeds that we could realize from any or all such dispositions may not be adequate to meet our debt service obligations then due. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all, could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. If we cannot make scheduled payments on our indebtedness, we will be in default, and, as a result of existing cross-default terms in our indebtedness or otherwise, all outstanding principal and interest may be declared to be due and payable, the lenders under our variable-rate debt could terminate their commitments to loan money, our secured lenders (including the lenders under our senior secured credit facilities or the holders of the Senior Notes) could foreclose against the assets securing their loans and the Senior Notes, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. 
 
 We are currently using and may in the future use derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to market risks from changes in interest rates on our variable-rate indebtedness or changes in currency exchange rates, and any such instrument may expose us to risks related to counterparty credit worthiness or non-performance of these instruments. 
 
 We have executed and may enter into additional or new interest-rate swap agreements, currency swap agreements, or other hedging transactions in an attempt to limit our exposure to adverse changes in variable interest rates and currency exchange rates. Such instruments may result in economic losses if, for example, prevailing interest rates decline to a point lower than any applicable fixed-rate commitment. Any such swap will expose us to credit-related risks that, if realized, could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 
 We do not presently maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures due to material weaknesses we have identified in our internal control over financial reporting. Failure to remediate these material weaknesses or any other material weakness or significant deficiencies has resulted in a revision of our financial statements, in the future could result in material misstatements in our financial statements and has caused, and in the future could cause, us to fail to timely meet our periodic reporting obligations. 
 
 Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, our management is required to report on, and our independent registered public accounting firm is required to attest to, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The rules governing the standards that must be met for management to determine the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing, and possible remediation if a weakness or deficiency is identified. Annually, we perform activities that include reviewing, documenting, and testing our internal control over financial reporting. Our failure to achieve and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control has resulted in, and in the future could result in, misstated consolidated financial statements and restatements of previously issued financial statements related to prior periods and delays or a failure to meet our reporting obligations, which could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and could lead to a decline in our stock price. Additionally, ineffective or inadequate disclosures and internal control could expose us to increased risk of misuse of corporate assets or fraud, or subject us to litigation, regulatory investigations, or civil or criminal sanctions, including by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, or potential delisting from the NYSE or any other stock exchange on which we may list our Common Stock in the future. 
 
 40 

As discussed below in Item 9A. Controls and Procedures, due to certain inadequacies of our internal control over financial reporting, we have not been able to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting in accordance with legal requirements. For example, in the third quarter of fiscal 2023, management identified a material weakness in internal control related to revenue recognition at our Bloomington, Indiana facility during fiscal 2022. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 Due to this material weakness in internal control over financial reporting, we concluded that, as of June 30, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective and that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 In addition, in preparing our consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended March 31, 2023, management identified a separate material weakness in internal control over financial reporting resulting from ineffective information technology general controls in the areas of user access management, application change management, operating system and database logical access controls, and segregation of duties for key information technology systems that support our financial reporting process. As a result, we identified this ineffectiveness as an additional material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, and concluded that our disclosure control and procedures were not effective as of March 31, 2023. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we successfully completed the testing necessary to conclude that this material weakness has been remedied. 
 
 In preparing our audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, management identified (i) a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting related to the consolidated financial statement close process, and (ii) a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting related to inventory reconciliation at our Baltimore, Maryland facility. Due to these material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting, we concluded that, as of June 30, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective and that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 The failure to maintain effective disclosure control and procedures and internal control as a result of the material weaknesses described above has resulted in significant expenses to remediate the disclosure and internal control deficiencies. In addition, as a result of the material weaknesses described above, we failed to timely file our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2023, our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2023, and this Annual Report, and filed an Amendment to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 to revise our consolidated financial statements as a result of the error in the periods impacted. 
 
 Management is actively engaged in the implementation of remediation efforts to address our remaining material weaknesses and control deficiencies. However, we may not be successful in promptly remediating these material weaknesses or be able to identify and remediate any additional control deficiency, including any material weakness, that may arise in the future. Management is currently unable to conclude, and may not be able to conclude in future periods, that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective due to the effects of various factors, which may, in part, include unremediated material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. If not remediated, any failure to establish and maintain effective disclosure control and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could result in material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements or cause us to fail to meet our reporting and financial obligations, each of which could have a material adverse effect on the confidence that stockholders, customers, or suppliers have in our financial reporting, which could materially harm our business, our financial condition, or the trading price of our Common Stock. 
 
 For further discussion of our material weaknesses, see Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Our stock price has historically been and may continue to be volatile, and a holder of shares of our Common Stock may not be able to resell such shares at or above the price such stockholder paid, or at all, and could lose all or part of such investment as a result. 
 
 The trading price of our Common Stock has been and continues to be volatile. For the three years ended June 30, 2023, our Common Stock price as quoted on the NYSE traded at a high of 142.64 on September 9, 2021 and a low of 31.45 on May 15, 2023. The trading price of our Common Stock may be adversely affected by any one or more of several factors, such as those listed above in Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry in Which We Operate and the following: 
 
 results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts or investors; 
 results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 
 41 

changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates and investment recommendations by securities analysts or investors; 
 declines in the market prices of stocks generally, or those of pharmaceutical or other healthcare companies; 
 strategic actions by us or our competitors; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, new products, acquisitions, joint marketing relationships, joint ventures, other strategic relationships, or capital commitments; 
 changes in general economic or market conditions or trends in our industry or markets, such as increased inflation; 
 changes in business or regulatory conditions or regulatory actions taken with respect to our business or the business of any of our competitors or customers; 
 future sales of our Common Stock or other securities we may issue in the future; 
 investor perceptions of the investment opportunity associated with our Common Stock relative to other investment alternatives; 
 any decision by securities analysts to not publish research or reports about our business or to downgrade our stock or our sector; 
 additions or departures of key personnel ; 
 the public response to press releases or other public announcements by us or third parties, including our filings with or information furnished to the SEC; 
 announcements relating to or developments in litigation, including shareholder lawsuits; 
 guidance, if any, that we provide to the public, any change in this guidance, or any failure to meet this guidance; 
 the availability of an active trading market for our Common Stock; 
 public response to changes in the COVID-19 pandemic and public perceptions as to the need for manufacture of certain COVID-19-related products and our role in the successful manufacture of such products; 
 changes in the accounting principles we use to record our results or our application of these principles to our business; and 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from natural disasters, hostilities, the war in Ukraine, acts of terrorism, geopolitical activity, public health crises, including pandemics, or responses to these events. 
 
 Broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In addition, price volatility may be greater if the public float or trading volume of our Common Stock is low, and the amount of public float on any given day can vary depending on the individual actions of our stockholders. 
 
 Following periods of market volatility, stockholders have been known to institute securities class action litigation in an attempt to recover any resulting loss. In February 2023, a complaint styled City of Warwick Retirement System v. Catalent, Inc., et al. , No. 23-cv-01108, was filed in New Jersey federal court against us and three of our then-officers purportedly on behalf of a putative class consisting of persons who purchased or otherwise acquired our securities between August 30, 2021 and October 31, 2022, inclusive, and on September 15, 2023, the Warwick complaint was amended (together with the original complaint, the Warwick Complaint ), which expanded the class period to between August 30, 2021 and May 7, 2023, inclusive. The complaint purports to assert clai ms under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act, alleging that, unbeknownst to investors, the defendants purportedly engaged in accounting and channel stuffing schemes to pad our revenue and failed to disclose adverse facts that purportedly were known to or recklessly disregarded by defendants. Further, in August 2023, an alleged shareholder filed a derivative complaint styled Husty, et al. v. Carroll, et al. , No. 23-cv-00891, in Delaware federal court against the current members of our board of directors, two former members of our board, and nominally against Catalent, Inc. The complaint mimics the allegations set out in the original complaint filed in the City of Warwick Retirement System action and claims that the alleged activities described there led to, and will continue to expose us to, costs and damages. Finally, in September 2023, an alleged shareholder filed a derivative complaint styled Brown, et al. v. Chiminski, et al. , Case 3:23-cv-15722, in New Jersey federal court against certain current members of our board of directors, two former members of our board, and nominally against Catalent, Inc. The complaint also mimics the allegations set out in the original complaint filed in the City of Warwick Retirement System action and claims that the alleged activities described there led to, and will continue to expose us to, costs and damages. See Item 3 - Legal Proceedings and Note 17, Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. These litigations, and any additional securities litigation, could have a substantial cost and divert resources and the attention of senior management from our business regardless of the outcomes of such litigations. 
 
 Because we have no plan to pay cash dividends on our Common Stock for the foreseeable future, receiving a return on an investment in our Common Stock may require a sale for a net price greater than what was paid for it. 
 
 We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, for future operations, expansion, and debt repayment and have no current plan to pay any cash dividend on our Common Stock for the foreseeable future. Any future decision to pay a dividend in respect of our Common Stock, and the amount and timing of any such dividend, will be at the sole discretion of our board of 
 42 

directors. Our board of directors may take into account, when deciding whether or how to pay a dividend, such factors as they may deem relevant, including general economic conditions, our financial condition and results of operations, our available cash and current and anticipated cash needs, possible future alternative deployments of our cash, our future capital requirements, and contractual, legal, tax, and regulatory restrictions and implications on the payment of dividends by us to our holders of shares of our Common Stock or by our subsidiaries to us. In addition, our ability to pay dividends is limited by covenants in the agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness and may be limited by covenants of any future indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. As a result, a holder of a share of our Common Stock may not receive any return on such investment unless it is sold for a price greater than that which was paid for it, taking into account any applicable commission or other costs of acquisition or sale. 
 
 Future sales, or the perception of future sales, of our Common Stock, by us or our existing stockholders could cause the market price for our Common Stock to decline. 
 
 The sale of shares of our Common Stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could harm the prevailing market price of shares of our Common Stock. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. 
 
 The market price of shares of our Common Stock could drop significantly if the holders of our Common Stock sell their shares or are perceived by the market as intending to sell them. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to raise additional funds through future offerings of shares of our equity securities that we wish to issue. In the future, we may also issue our securities in connection with investments or acquisitions or to pay down debt. The number of shares of our Common Stock issued or issuable as a result could constitute a material portion of then-outstanding shares of our Common Stock, subject to limitations on issuance of new shares imposed by the NYSE (including any applicable requirement for stockholder approval) or restrictions set forth in the agreements governing our indebtedness. Any issuance of additional securities in connection with investments, acquisitions, or otherwise may result in dilution to the holders of shares of our Common Stock. 
 
 We are no longer eligible to use the Form S-3 registration statement, which could impair our capital-raising activities. 
 
 As a result of our failure to timely file our periodic reports with the SEC, we are no longer eligible to use a Form S-3 registration statement. As a result of our late 10-Q filing, we are also no longer a well-known seasoned issuer, as such term is used in the SEC's regulations, which otherwise would allow us to, among other things, file automatically effective shelf registration statements. Our eligibility to use a Form S-3 registration statement may not be restored until December 1, 2024, and then only if we have not had any other filing delinquency that would preclude Form S-3 eligibility and satisfy all other requirements for Form S-3 eligibility. During any period when we are not eligible to use Form S-3 or qualify as a well-known seasoned issuer, our capital raising ability may be impaired. Under these circumstances, we will be required to use a registration statement on Form S-1 to register securities with the SEC, which could hinder our ability to act quickly in raising capital to take advantage of market conditions in our capital-raising activities and may increase our cost of raising capital. Further, the expenses associated with raising capital using Form S-1 are generally greater than those associated with using Form S-3. 
 
 Provisions in our organizational documents could delay or prevent a change of control. 
 
 Certain provisions of our current certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, defer, or prevent a merger, acquisition, tender offer, takeover attempt, or other change of control transaction that may otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders, including transactions that might otherwise result in the payment of a premium over the market price for the shares held by our stockholders. 
 
 These provisions provide for, among other things: 
 the ability of our board of directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock; 
 advance notice for nominations of directors by stockholders and for stockholders to include matters to be considered at our annual meetings (though our board of directors has implemented shareholder proxy access); and 
 certain limitations on convening special stockholder meetings. 
 
 Provisions such as those just described, to the extent that they remain in effect, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if the third party s offer may be considered beneficial by many of our stockholders. As a result, our stockholders may be limited in their ability to obtain a premium for their shares. 
 43 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 44 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 14 Schoolhouse Road, Somerset, New Jersey. As of June 30, 2023, we had 52 facilities (3 geographical locations operate as multiple facilities because they support more than one reporting segment, with our Somerset location including both a manufacturing facility and our principal executive offices), comprising manufacturing operations, development centers, and sales offices contained in approximately 8 million square feet of manufacturing, laboratory, office and related space. Our manufacturing capabilities include all required regulatory, quality assurance and in-house validation space. The following table sets forth our facilities containing manufacturing, laboratory, office, and related space by reporting segment and geographic location as of June 30, 2023: 
 Geographic Region Biologics Pharma and Consumer Health Corporate Total (1) 
 North America 10 15 1 26 South America 3 1 4 Europe 6 10 1 17 Asia-Pacific 5 5 Total 16 33 3 52 
 (1) Sites that are used by multiple segments are included once for each segment in this table. 
 Two of our manufacturing facilities, located in Bloomington, Indiana and Harmans, Maryland, together generate a material portion of our net revenue. We believe these facilities are suitable for their intended purposes, with adequate capacity for current and projected demand for their contracted products. 
 We generally seek to own, rather than lease, our manufacturing facilities, although some facilities are leased. Our office space and warehouse facilities are often leased. 
 Additional information with respect to our leases and property, plant, and equipment is contained in Notes 16 and 19, respectively, to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 From time to time, we may be involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, including, without limitation, inquiries and claims concerning environmental contamination as well as litigation and allegations in connection with acquisitions, product liability, manufacturing or packaging defects, and claims for reimbursement for the cost of lost or damaged active pharmaceutical ingredients, the cost of any of which could be significant. We intend to vigorously defend ourselves against any such litigation and do not currently believe that the outcome of any such litigation will have a material adverse effect on our financial statements. In addition, the healthcare industry is highly regulated and government agencies continue to scrutinize certain practices affecting government programs and otherwise. 
 
 In February 2023, an alleged shareholder filed a complaint styled City of Warwick Retirement System v. Catalent, Inc., et al. , No. 23-cv-01108 in New Jersey federal court against us and three of our then-officers (collectively, the Warwick Defendants purportedly on behalf of a putative class consisting of persons who purchased or otherwise acquired our securities between August 30, 2021 and October 31, 2022, inclusive. On September 15, 2023, the Warwick complaint was amended (together with the original complaint, the Warwick Complaint ), which amended complaint expanded the class period to between August 30, 2021 and May 7, 2023, inclusive (the Class Period ). The Warwick Complaint purports to assert claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and the related regulations, alleging that, unbeknownst to investors, the Warwick Defendants purportedly engaged in accounting and channel stuffing schemes to pad our revenues and failed to disclose adverse facts that purportedly were known to or recklessly disregarded by the Warwick Defendants. Specifically, the Warwick Complaint alleges that the Warwick Defendants (i) overstated revenue and earnings by prematurely recognizing revenue in violation of accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. U.S. GAAP (ii) suffered material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting related to revenue recognition; (iii) falsely represented demand for our products while we knowingly selling more product to our direct customers than could be sold to healthcare providers and end consumers; (iv) cut corners on safety and control procedures at key production facilities; (v) disregarded regulatory rules at key production facilities in order to rapidly produce excess inventory that was used to pad our financial results through premature revenue recognition in violation of U.S. GAAP or stuffing our direct customers with this excess inventory; and (vi) lacked a reasonable basis for their positive statements about our financial performance, outlook, and regulatory compliance during the Class Period. 
 45 

We believe that the Warwick Defendants have defenses to the allegations and claims set forth in the complaint and filed a motion to dismiss the Warwick Complaint on November 15, 2023. 
 
 In June 2023, we received a demand from a company stockholder pursuant to 8 Del. C. 220 to inspect books and records of the Company relating to, among other things, the allegations raised in the Warwick Complaint. We have responded to the demand and cannot determine at this time if the books and records demand will lead to litigation. 
 
 In August 2023, an alleged shareholder filed a derivative complaint styled Husty, et al. v. Carroll, et al. , No. 23-cv-00891, in Delaware federal court against certain current and former members of our board of directors (the Husty Defendants and nominally against Catalent, Inc. The complaint mimics the allegations set out in the original complaint filed in the City of Warwick Retirement System action described above and claims that the alleged activities described there led to, and will continue to expose us to, costs and damages. We believe that the Husty Defendants have defenses to the allegations and claims set forth in the complaint and once all Husty Defendants are properly served with the complaint, intend to vigorously defend the Husty Defendants against such allegations. 
 
 In September 2023, an alleged shareholder filed a derivative complaint styled Brown, et al. v. Chiminski, et al. , Case 3:23-cv-15722, in New Jersey federal court against certain current and former officers and members of our board of directors (the " Brown Defendants") and nominally against Catalent, Inc. The complaint mimics the allegations set out in the original complaint filed in the City of Warwick Retirement System action described above and claims that the alleged activities described there led to, and will continue to expose us to, costs and damages. On November 8, 2023, the Court entered a stipulation between the parties extending the Brown Defendants' time to respond to the complaint until January 8, 2024. We believe that the Brown Defendants have defenses to the allegations and claims set forth in the complaint and intend to vigorously defend the Brown Defendants against such allegations. 
 
 From time to time, we receive subpoenas or requests for information from various governmental agencies or private parties, including from state attorneys general, the U.S. Department of Justice, and private parties. We generally respond to such subpoenas and requests in a timely and thorough manner, which responses sometimes require considerable time and effort and can result in considerable costs being incurred. 
 For additional information, see Note 17, Commitments and Contingencies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 46 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 The principal market for trading of our Common Stock is the NYSE. Our Common Stock trades under the symbol CTLT. 
 As of November 30, 2023, we had 17 holders of record of outstanding shares of our Common Stock. This number does not include beneficial owners whose shares were held in street name. 
 We did not declare or pay any dividend on our Common Stock in fiscal 2023 or fiscal 2022. We have no current plan to pay any dividend on our Common Stock. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the sole discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, cash requirements, financial condition, contractual restriction, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. Because we are a holding company and have no direct operations, we will only be able to pay dividends from funds we receive from our subsidiaries. In addition, our ability to pay dividends will be limited by covenants in our existing indebtedness and may be limited by the agreements governing other indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur in the future. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Debt and Financing Arrangements Debt Covenants. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 We did not sell any unregistered equity securities during the period covered by this Annual Report. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities 
 We did not purchase any of our equity securities during the period covered by this Annual Report. 

47 

Performance Graph 
 Set forth below is a line graph comparing the cumulative total shareholder return on our Common Stock from June 30, 2018 through June 30, 2023, based on the market price of our Common Stock and assuming reinvestment of dividends, with the cumulative total shareholder return of companies on the S P 500 Index and S P 500 Health Care Index. The graph assumes that 100 was invested in our Common Stock and in each index at the market close on June 30, 2018. The stock price performance of the following graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock performance. 

48 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

49 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes, which appear elsewhere in this Annual Report. This section of the Annual Report generally discusses the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 and year-to-year comparisons between the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. The discussion of our results of operations for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 and a comparison of our results for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 is included in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on August 29, 2022, as amended by Amendment No.1 to Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on June 12, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. In addition to historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. You should carefully read Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this Annual Report. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report, particularly in Item 1A. - Risk Factors. 
 
 Overview 
 We provide differentiated development and manufacturing solutions for drugs, protein-based biologics, cell and gene therapies, vaccines, and consumer health products at over fifty facilities across four continents under rigorous quality and operational standards. Our oral, injectable, and respiratory delivery technologies, along with our state-of-the-art protein and cell and gene therapy manufacturing capacity, address a wide and growing range of modalities and therapeutic and other categories across the biopharmaceutical, pharmaceutical, and consumer health industries. Through our extensive capabilities, growth-enabling capacity, and deep expertise in product development, regulatory compliance, and clinical trial supply, we can help our customers take products to market faster, and have done so for nearly half of new drug products approved by the FDA in the last decade. Our development and manufacturing platforms, our proven formulation, supply, and regulatory expertise, and our broad and deep development and manufacturing know-how enable our customers to advance and then bring to market more products and better treatments for patients and consumers. Our commitment to reliably supply our customers and their patients needs is the foundation for the value we provide; annually, we produce approximately 70 billion unit doses for nearly 8,000 customer prescription and consumer health products, or approximately 1 in every 26 unit doses of such products taken each year by patients and consumers around the world. We believe that, through our investments in state-of-the-art facilities and capacity expansion, including investments in facilities focused on new treatment modalities and other attractive market segments, our continuous improvement activities devoted to operational and quality excellence, the sales of existing and introduction of new customer products, and, in some cases, our innovation activities and patents, we will continue to attract premium opportunities and realize the growth potential from these areas. 
 
 At the commencement of fiscal 2023, in connection with our change in Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Decision Maker, we adopted a new operating structure with two operating and reportable segments: (i) Biologics and (ii) Pharma and Consumer Health. The Biologics segment provides development and manufacturing for biologic proteins; cell, gene, and other nucleic acid therapies; pDNA; iPSCs, and oncolytic viruses; and vaccines. It also provides formulation, development, and manufacturing for parenteral dose forms, including vials, prefilled syringes, and cartridges; and, as noted above, analytical development and testing services for large molecules. Our Pharma and Consumer Health segment, comprises the Company s market-leading capabilities for complex oral solids, softgel formulations, Zydis fast-dissolve technologies, and gummy, soft chew, and lozenge dosage forms; formulation, development, and manufacturing platforms for oral, nasal, inhaled, and topical dose forms; cold-chain storage and distribution, and clinical trial development and supply services. Prior-period segment results were reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The following disclosure supplements the descriptions of our accounting policies contained in Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial Statements regarding significant areas of judgment. Management made certain estimates and assumptions during the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the Consolidated Financial Statements. These estimates also affect the reported amount of net earnings during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Because of the size of the financial statement elements to which they relate, some of our accounting policies and estimates have a more significant impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements than others. 
 Management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. A discussion of some of our more significant accounting policies and estimates follows. 
 50 

Revenue Recognition 
 We sell products and services directly to our biopharmaceutical, pharmaceutical, and consumer health customers. The majority of our business is conducted through manufacturing and commercial product supply, development services, and clinical supply services. 
 Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require judgment. For our manufacturing and commercial product supply revenue, the contract generally includes the terms of the manufacturing services and related product quality assurance procedures to comply with regulatory requirements. Due to the regulated nature of our business, these contract terms are highly interdependent and, therefore, are considered to be a single combined performance obligation. For our development services and clinical supply services revenue, our performance obligations vary per contract and are accounted for as separate performance obligations. If a contract contains a single performance obligation, we allocate the entire transaction price to the single performance obligation. If a contract contains multiple performance obligations, we allocate consideration to each performance obligation using the relative standalone selling price as defined under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . Generally, we utilize observable standalone selling prices in our allocations of consideration. If observable standalone selling prices are not available, we estimate the applicable standalone selling price using an adjusted market assessment approach, representing the amount that we believe the market is willing to pay for the applicable service. Revenue is recognized over time using an appropriate method of measuring progress towards fulfilling our performance obligation for the respective arrangement. Determining the measure of progress that consistently depicts our satisfaction of performance obligations within each of our revenue streams across similar arrangements requires judgment. 
 
 Our customer contracts generally include provisions entitling us to a termination penalty when the customer terminates prior to the contract s nominal end date. The termination penalties in these customer contracts vary but are generally considered substantive for accounting purposes and create enforceable rights and obligations throughout the stated duration of the contract. We account for a contract termination as a contract modification in the period in which the customer gives notice of termination. The determination of the contract termination penalty is based on the terms stated in the relevant customer agreement. As of the modification date, we update our estimate of the transaction price using the expected value method, subject to constraints, and recognize the amount over the remaining performance period under the contract . In the event of a contract termination, revenues are recognized to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal will not occur when any uncertainty is subsequently resolved. 
 Long-lived and Other Definite-Lived Intangible Assets 
 
 We allocate the cost of an acquired company to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets and liabilities acquired, with any remaining cost recorded as goodwill. Intangible assets primarily include customer relationships, technology, and trademarks. Valuing the identifiable intangible assets requires judgment. Intangible assets are generally amortized on a straight-line basis, reflecting the pattern in which the economic benefits are consumed, and are amortized over their estimated useful lives. 
 
 We assess the impairment of identifiable intangibles if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying values of the assets may not be recoverable. Factors that could trigger an impairment review include the following: 
 
 significant under-performance relative to historical or projected future operating results; 
 significant changes in the manner of use of the acquired assets or the strategy of the overall business; 
 significant negative industry or economic trends; and 
 recognition of goodwill impairment charges. 
 
 If we determine that the carrying value of identifiable intangibles and/or long-lived assets may not be recoverable based on the existence of one or more of the above indicators of impairment, we measure recoverability of assets by comparing the respective carrying value of the assets to the current and expected future cash flows, on an un-discounted basis, to be generated from such assets. If such analysis indicates that the carrying value of these assets is not recoverable, we measure an impairment based on the amount by which the net car rying amount of the assets exceeds the fair values of the assets. See Notes 3, Business Combinations and Divestitures and 5, Other Intangibles, net to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets 
 We account for purchased goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives in accordance with ASC 350 , Intangibles Goodwill and Other . Under ASC 350, goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized, but instead are 
 51 

tested for impairment at least annually. We perform an impairment evaluation of goodwill annually during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year or when circumstances otherwise indicate an evaluation should be performed. The evaluation may begin with a qualitative assessment for each reporting unit to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If the qualitative assessment does not generate a positive response, or if no qualitative assessment is performed, a quantitative assessment, based upon discounted cash flows, is performed and requires management to estimate future cash flows, growth rates, and economic and market conditions. 
 
 We perform an annual goodwill impairment test for each reporting unit on April 1, the measurement date and more frequently if indicators of impairment exist. 
 
 Due to our underperformance of operating results relative to expectations and the decline in our stock price, we assessed the current and future economic outlook as of March 31, 2023. The evaluation began with a qualitative assessment of each reporting unit to determine if it was more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit was less than its carrying value. The qualitative assessment did not indicate that it was more likely than not that the fair value exceeded the carrying value in each of its six reporting units as of March 31, 2023 which led to a quantitative assessment for each of our reporting units. The evaluation performed as of March 31, 2023 resulted in a goodwill impairment charge of 210 million in our Consumer Health reporting unit within the Pharma and Consumer Health segment. A 50 basis point increase in the discount rate would increase the goodwill impairment 70 million and a 50 basis point decrease in the long-term growth rate would increase the goodwill impairment by 40 million. 
 Subsequent to the quantitative assessment performed as of March 31, 2023, we performed a qualitative assessment as of April 1, 2023, which yielded no indicators of impairment. 
 In fiscal 2022, we proceeded immediately to the quantitative assessment, but in fiscal 2021 we began with the qualitative assessment. Accordingly, no sensitivity analysis was performed for fiscal 2021. 
 Subsequent to June 30, 2023, as a result of Consumer Health's underperformance of recent operating results relative to expectations, as well as current macroeconomic conditions impacting the consumer health and biotechnology industries, and higher interest rates, we assessed the current and future economic outlook as of September 30, 2023 for our Consumer Health and Biomodalities reporting units in our Pharma and Consumer Health and Biologics segments, respectively, and identified indicators for impairment of goodwill. 
 The evaluation began with a qualitative assessment of each reporting unit to determine if it was more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit was less than its carrying value. The qualitative assessment did not indicate that it was more likely than not that the fair value exceeded the carrying value in our Consumer Health and Biomodalities reporting units, which led to a quantitative assessment for the corresponding reporting units. The evaluation performed as of September 30, 2023 resulted in a goodwill impairment charge of 689 million in our Consumer Health and Biomodalities reporting units within the Pharma and Consumer Health and Biologics segments, respectively. For further details on the impairment charges for the three months ended September 30, 2023, see Note 20 , Subsequent Events, Impairment of Goodwill . 
 Income Taxes 
 
 In accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes , we account for income taxes using the asset and liability method. The asset and liability method requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for expected future tax consequences of temporary differences that currently exist between tax bases and the corresponding financial reporting bases of our assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in the respective jurisdictions in which we operate. Deferred taxes are not provided on the undistributed earnings of subsidiaries outside of the U.S. when it is expected that these earnings will be permanently reinvested. In fiscal 2018, we recorded a provision for U.S. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes in relation to expected repatriations as a result of the 2017 U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the 2017 Tax Act ), but we have not made any provision for U.S. income taxes on the remaining undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries as those earnings are considered permanently reinvested in the operations of those foreign subsidiaries in the years after 2018. 
 The 2017 Tax Act imposed taxes on so-called global intangible low-taxed income GILTI earned by certain foreign subsidiaries of a U.S. company. In accordance with ASC 740, we made an accounting policy election to treat taxes due on future U.S. inclusions in taxable income related to GILTI as a current-period expense when incurred. 
 We assess the realizability of deferred tax assets by considering all available evidence, both positive and negative. We evaluate four possible sources of taxable income when assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets: 
 carrybacks of existing NOLs (if and to the extent permitted by tax law); 
 future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences; 
 52 

tax planning strategies; and 
 future taxable income exclus ive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards. 
 We consider the need to maintain a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets based on management s assessment of whether it is more likely than not that we would realize those deferred tax assets as a result of future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences and the ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryforward period available under the applicable tax law. 
 Unrecognized tax benefits are generated when there are differences between tax positions taken in a tax return and amounts recognized in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Tax benefits are recognized in the Consolidated Financial Statements when it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination. To the extent we prevail in matters for which liabilities have been established or are required to pay amounts in excess of our liabilities, our effective income tax rate in a given period could be materially affected. An unfavorable income tax settlement may require the use of cash and result in an increase in our effective income tax rate in the year it is resolved. A favorable income tax settlement would be recognized as a reduction in the effective income tax rate in the year of resolution. 
 Our accounting for income taxes involves the application of complex tax regulations in the U.S. and in each of the non-U.S. jurisdictions in which we operate, particularly European tax jurisdictions. The determination of income subject to taxation in each tax-paying jurisdiction requires us to review reported book income and the events occurring during the year in each jurisdiction in which we operate. In addition, the application of deferred tax assets and liabilities will have an effect on the tax expense in each jurisdiction. For those entities engaging in transactions with affiliates, we apply transfer-pricing guidelines relevant in many jurisdictions in which we operate and make certain informed and reasonable assumptions and estimates about the relative value of contributions by affiliates when assessing the allocation of income and deductions between consolidated entities in different jurisdictions. The estimates and assumptions used in these allocations can result in uncertainty in the measured tax benefit. 
 
 Factors Affecting our Performance 
 Fluctuations in Operating Results 
 Our annual financial reporting period ends on June 30. Excluding the impact from COVID-19, our revenue and net earnings are generally higher in the third and fourth quarters of each fiscal year, with our first fiscal quarter typically generating our lowest revenue of any quarter, and our last fiscal quarter typically generating our highest revenue. These fluctuations are primarily the result of the timing of our, and our customers , annual operational maintenance periods at locations in Europe and the U.S., the seasonality associated with pharmaceutical and biotechnology budgetary spending decisions, clinical trial and research and development schedules, the timing of new product launches and length of time needed to obtain full market penetration, and, to a lesser extent, the time of the year some of our customers products are in higher demand. 
 Acquisition and Related Integration Efforts 
 Our growth and profitability are affected by the acquisitions we complete and the speed at which we integrate those acquisitions into our existing operating platforms. In fiscal 2021, we expanded our capacity and capabilities through five acquisitions for our Biologics segment and through the acquisition of a dry powder inhaler and spray dry manufacturing business from Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. Acorda ). In fiscal 2022, we acquired each of Bettera Wellness, a manufacturer of a consumer-preferred gummy and other formats for consumer health products, a commercial-scale cell therapy manufacturing facility in Princeton, and a manufacturing facility for biologic therapies and vaccines near Oxford, U.K. In fiscal 2023, we acquired Metrics Contract Services Metrics ), an oral solids development and manufacturing business specializing in the manufacture of drugs containing highly potent active pharmaceutical ingredients. 
 Foreign Exchange Rates 
 Our operating network is global, and, as a result, we have substantial revenues and operating expenses that are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, the currency in which we report our financial results. Our results of operations and financial performance are therefore influenced by changes in currency exchange rates. In fiscal 2023, 35 of our net revenue was generated from our operations outside the U.S. Foreign currencies for our operations include the British pound, European euro, Brazilian real, Argentine peso, Japanese yen, and the Canadian dollar. 
 Inflation 
 In fiscal 2023, we began to experience the effects of increased global inflation, which has risen to levels not seen in more than 30 years. In response, we implemented various mitigation strategies, including in some cases increasing prices to 
 53 

customers or reducing other costs of operation, including through price renegotiations with suppliers. The effects of inflation are likely to continue to affect us for most or all of fiscal 2024, at least, and there can be no assurance that our mitigating strategies will continue to enjoy the same degree of success. 
 
 Trends Affecting Our Business 
 Industry 
 We participate in nearly every sector of the global pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry, which has been estimated to generate more than 1 trillion in annual revenue, including, but not limited to, the prescription drug and biologic sectors as well as consumer health, which includes the over-the-counter and vitamins and nutritional supplement sectors. Innovative pharmaceuticals, and biologics in particular, continue to play a critical role in the global market, while the share of revenue due to generic drugs and biosimilars is increasing in both developed and developing markets. Sustained developed market demand and rapid growth in emerging economies is driving consumer health product growth. Payors, both public and private, have sought to limit the economic impact of pharmaceutical and biologics product demand through greater use of generic and biosimilar drugs, access and spending controls, and health technology assessment techniques, favoring products that deliver truly differentiated outcomes. 
 New Molecule Development and R D Sourcing 
 Continued strengthening in early-stage development pipelines for drugs and biologics, compounded by increasing clinical trial breadth and complexity, support our belief in the attractive growth prospects for development solutions. Large companies are in many cases reconfiguring their R D resources, increasingly involving the use of strategic partners for important outsourced functions and new treatment modalities. Additionally, an increasing portion of compounds in development are from companies that do not have a full research and development infrastructure, and thus are more likely to need strategic development solutions partners. 
 Demographics 
 Aging population demographics in developed countries, combined with the global COVID-19 pandemic and health care reforms in many global markets that are expanding access to treatments to a greater proportion of the global population, will continue to drive increases in demand for pharmaceuticals, biologics, and consumer health products. Increasing economic affluence in developing regions will further increase demand for healthcare treatments, and we are taking active steps to allow us to participate effectively in these growth regions and product categories. 
 Finally, we believe the market access and payor pressures our customers face, global supply chain complexity, and the increasing demand for improved and new modality treatments will continue to escalate the need for advanced formulation and manufacturing, product differentiation, improved outcomes, and treatment cost reduction, all of which can often be addressed using our advanced delivery technologies. 
 
 Non-GAAP Metrics 
 As described in this section, management uses various financial metrics, including certain metrics that are not based on concepts defined in U.S. GAAP, to measure and assess the performance of our business, to make critical business decisions, and to assess our compliance with certain financial obligations. We therefore believe that presentation of certain of these non-GAAP metrics in this Annual Report will aid investors in understanding our business. 
 EBITDA from operations 
 Management measures operating performance based on consolidated earnings from operations before interest expense, expense for income taxes, and depreciation and amortization, adjusted for the income attributable to non-controlling interests EBITDA from operations ). EBITDA from operations is not defined under U.S. GAAP, is not a measure of operating income, operating performance, or liquidity presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and is subject to important limitations. 
 We believe that the presentation of EBITDA from operations enhances an investor s understanding of our financial performance. We believe this measure is a useful financial metric to assess our operating performance across periods and use this measure for business planning purposes. In addition, given the significant investments that we have made in the past in property, plant, and equipment, depreciation and amortization expenses represent a meaningful portion of our cost structure. We believe that disclosing EBITDA from operations provides investors with a useful tool for assessing the comparability between periods of our ability to generate cash from operations sufficient to pay taxes, service debt, and undertake capital expenditures without consideration of non-cash depreciation and amortization expense. We present EBITDA from operations in order to provide supplemental information that we consider relevant for readers of the Consolidated Financial Statements, and such 
 54 

information is not meant to replace or supersede U.S. GAAP measures. Our definition of EBITDA from operations may not be the same as similarly titled measures used by other companies. The most directly comparable measure to EBITDA from operations defined under U.S. GAAP is net earnings. Included in this Management s Discussion and Analysis is a reconciliation of net earnings to EBITDA from operations. 
 In addition, we evaluate the performance of our segments based on segment earnings before non-controlling interest, other (income) expense, impairments, restructuring costs, interest expense, income tax expense, stock-based compensation, gain (loss) on sale of subsidiary, and depreciation and amortization Segment EBITDA ). 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Under the Credit Agreement and in the Indentures, the ability of Operating Company to engage in certain activities, such as incurring certain additional indebtedness, making certain investments, and paying certain dividends, is tied to ratios based on Adjusted EBITDA (which is defined as Consolidated EBITDA in the Credit Agreement and EBITDA in the Indentures). Adjusted EBITDA is a covenant compliance measure in our Credit Agreement and Indentures, particularly those covenants governing debt incurrence and restricted payments. Adjusted EBITDA is based on the definitions in the Credit Agreement, is not defined under U.S. GAAP, is not a measure of operating income, operating performance, or liquidity presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and is subject to important limitations. Because not all companies use identical calculations, our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. 
 In addition, we use Adjusted EBITDA as a performance metric that guides management in its operation of and planning for the future of the business and drives certain management compensation programs. Management believes that Adjusted EBITDA provides a useful measure of our operating performance from period to period by excluding certain items that are not representative of our core business, including interest expense and non-cash charges like depreciation and amortization. 
 The measure under U.S. GAAP most directly comparable to Adjusted EBITDA is net earnings. In calculating Adjusted EBITDA, we add back certain non-cash, non-recurring, and other items that are deducted when calculating EBITDA from operations and net earnings, consistent with the requirements of the Credit Agreement. Adjusted EBITDA, among other things: 
 does not include non-cash stock-based employee compensation expense and certain other non-cash charges; 
 does not include cash and non-cash restructuring, severance, and relocation costs incurred to realize future cost savings and enhance operations; 
 adds back any non-controlling interest expense, which represents minority investors ownership of non-wholly owned consolidated subsidiaries and is, therefore, not available; and 
 includes estimated cost savings that have not yet been fully reflected in our results. 
 Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Net Income per Share 
 We use Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Net Income per share (which we sometimes refer to as Adjusted EPS as performance metrics. Adjusted Net Income is not defined under U.S. GAAP, is not a measure of operating income, operating performance, or liquidity presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and is subject to important limitations. We believe that providing information concerning Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Net Income per share enhances an investor s understanding of our financial performance. We believe that these measures are useful financial metrics to assess our operating performance from period to period by excluding certain items that we believe are not representative of our core business, and we use these measures for business planning and executive compensation purposes. We define Adjusted Net Income as net earnings adjusted for (1) earnings or loss from discontinued operations, net of tax, (2) amortization attributable to purchase accounting, and (3) income or loss from non-controlling interest in majority-owned operations. We also make adjustments for other cash and non-cash items (as shown above, in Adjusted EBITDA ), partially offset by our estimate of the tax effect of such cash and non-cash items. Our definition of Adjusted Net Income may not be the same as similarly titled measures used by other companies. Adjusted Net Income per share is computed by dividing Adjusted Net Income by the weighted average diluted shares outstanding. 
 Use of Constant Currency 
 As exchange rates are an important factor in understanding period-to-period comparisons, we believe the presentation of results on a constant currency basis in addition to reported results helps improve investors ability to understand our operating results and evaluate our performance in comparison to prior periods. Constant currency information compares results between periods as if exchange rates had remained constant period-over-period. We use results on a constant currency basis as one measure to evaluate our performance. In this Annual Report, we calculate constant currency by calculating current-year results using prior-year foreign currency exchange rates. We generally refer to such amounts calculated on a constant currency basis as 
 55 

excluding the impact of foreign exchange. These results should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, results reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Results on a constant currency basis, as we present them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies and are not measures of performance presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 Restructuring Programs 
 The contract manufacturing industry is labor intensive. As a result, we incur significant fixed costs to operate our facilities and maintain additional infrastructure required to obtain, develop, manufacture, transport, store, and test our products. Therefore, relatively small changes in demand can have a significant impact on short-term profitability. 
 
 In the second quarter of fiscal 2023, we engaged in a restructuring effort, which reduced our cost structure, consolidated facilities, and optimized our infrastructure across the organization. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we extended our restructuring effort, with further headcount reduction primarily in our Biologics segment and in our corporate functions. In connection with these restructuring plans, during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, we reduced our headcount by approximately 1,100 employees and incurred 66 million of cumulative pre-tax employee separation and other restructuring related costs. As a result of our restructuring plans, we expect to deliver an annualized run-rate savings of 150 to 160 million. 
 
 For further details regarding restructuring costs, see Note 6, Restructuring Costs to our Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 
 Summary Two-Year Key Financial Performance Metrics 
 
 Discussion of the year-over-year changes for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 compared to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 and the results of operations and cash flows for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, is included in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations of our Amendment No. 1 to Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on June 12, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The below tables summarize our results in fiscal 2023 and 2022 with respect to several financial metrics we use to measure performance. Refer to the discussions below regarding performance and the use of key financial metrics and N on-GAAP Metrics Use of Constant Currency concerning the measurement of revenue at constant currency. 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2023 compared to the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2022 
 Results for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 compared to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 were as follows: 
 56 

(Dollars in millions) Fiscal Year Ended June 30, FX Impact Constant Currency Increase (Decrease) 2023 2022 Change Change (1) 
 Net revenue 4,263 4,802 (108) (431) (9) Cost of sales 3,223 3,188 (78) 113 4 Gross margin 1,040 1,614 (30) (544) (34) Selling, general, and administrative expenses 829 844 (11) (4) Gain on sale of subsidiary (1) 1 Goodwill impairment charges 210 210 Other operating expense 164 41 2 121 296 Operating (loss) earnings (163) 730 (21) (872) (120) Interest expense, net 186 123 (2) 65 53 Other (income) expense, net (7) 28 (11) (24) (85) (Loss) earnings before income taxes (342) 579 (8) (913) (158) Income tax (benefit) expense (86) 80 (5) (161) (201) Net (loss) earnings (256) 499 (3) (752) (151) 
 Not meaningful 
 (1) Change calculations are based on amounts prior to rounding. 
 Net Revenue 
 2023 vs. 2022 Year-Over-Year Change Fiscal Year Ended June 30, Net Revenue Organic (12) Impact of acquisitions 3 Constant currency change (9) Foreign currency translation impact on reporting (2) Total change (11) 
 Net revenue decreased by 431 million, or 9 , compared to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Net revenue decreased 12 organically on a constant-currency basis, primarily related to a significant decline in demand for COVID-19 related programs and a decline in revenue from the manufacture of prescription products in the Pharma and Consumer Health segment, partially offset by growth in our gene therapy offerings, as well as growth in our clinical supply services. 
 Net revenue increased 3 inorganically as a result of our acquisitions of RheinCell Therapeutics GmbH RheinCell in August 2021, Bettera Wellness in October 2021, our Princeton facility and operations in April 2022, and Metrics in October 2022. 
 Gross Margin 
 Gross margin decreased by 544 million, or 34 , in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022, excluding the impact of foreign exchange, primarily due to an unfavorable shift in product mix, lower levels of utilization across the network, inventory write-offs, operational challenges that meaningfully reduced productivity, and higher costs from increased spending on operational and engineering enhancements in our Biologics segment. 
 On a constant-currency basis, gross margin, as a percentage of net revenue, decreased 910 basis points to 24.5 in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, compared to 33.6 in the prior year, primarily due to the factors described in the previous paragraph. 
 57 

Selling, General, and Administrative Expense 
 Selling, general, and administrative expense decreased by 4 million in fiscal 2023, a negligible change compared to fiscal 2022, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. The year-over-year increase of 33 million in net incremental expenses from businesses acquired in the last 12 months were offset by a 6 million decrease in credit losses, an 11 million decline in acquisition, transaction and integration costs, and a 19 million decrease in stock-based compensation costs. 
 Goodwill Impairment Charges 
 Goodwill impairment charges during fiscal 2023 were associated with our Consumer Health reporting unit, which is part of our Pharma and Consumer Health segment. For further details, see Note 4, Goodwill to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Other Operating Expense 
 Other operating expense for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 was 164 million and 41 million, respectively. The year-over-year increase was primarily due to a 56 million increase in restructuring charges and a 71 million increase in fixed-asset impairment charges, partially offset by a 4 million gain from the sale of our facility in Bolton, U.K. The increase in fixed-asset impairment charges was primarily driven an idle facility in our Biologics segment and obsolete equipment that could not be sold or repurposed in the Pharma and Consumer Health segment. 
 Interest Expense, net 
 Interest expense, net, of 186 million in fiscal 2023 increased by 65 million, or 53 , compared to fiscal 2022, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. The increase was primarily attributable to incremental interest expense on our most recent tranche of term loans, increased borrowings on our Revolving Credit Facility, and the issuance of our 2030 Notes. 
 Other (Income) Expense, net 
 
 Other income, net of 7 million for fiscal 2023 was primarily driven by foreign currency gains of 8 million. 
 
 Other expense, net of 28 million for fiscal 2022 was primarily driven by 33 million of foreign currency losses and 4 million of financing charges related to our outstanding term loans, partially offset by a 2 million gain related to the change in fair value of the derivative liability arising from the dividend-adjustment mechanism of our formerly outstanding Series A convertible preferred stock, par value 0.01 (the Series A Preferred Stock ). 
 Benefit for Income Taxes 
 
 Our benefit for income taxes for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 was 86 million relative to loss before income taxes of 342 million. Our provision for income taxes for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 was 80 million relative to earnings before income taxes of 579 million. The difference in the income tax provision/benefit in the current-year over the prior-year was largely the result of losses in the U.S., research and development credits in the U.S., the recognition of deferred tax assets on the book impairment of tax-deductible goodwill, and decreased earnings in non-U.S. jurisdictions with lower tax rates. This benefit was partially offset by fixed permanent tax adjustments in the U.S. on lower income. In comparison, the lower effective tax rate on the prior year global income was partially the result of a net deferred benefit of 21 million related to tax reform in Switzerland and related transition rules (collectively, Swiss Tax Reform and additional foreign tax credits in the U.S. due to amended prior-year returns. The benefit for income taxes in each of fiscal 2023 and 2022 was also affected by the geographic distribution of our pretax income, the tax impact of permanent differences, restructuring, special items, and other discrete tax items that may have unique tax implications depending on the nature of the item. 
 Segment Review 
 The below charts depict the percentage of net revenue from each of our two reportable segments for the previous two years. Refer below for discussions regarding the segments net revenue and EBITDA performance and to Non-GAAP Metrics for a discussion of our use of Segment EBITDA, a measure that is not defined under U.S. GAAP. 
 58 

Our results on a segment basis for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 compared to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 were as follows: 
 (Dollars in millions) Fiscal Year Ended June 30, FX Impact Constant Currency Increase (Decrease) 2023 2022 Change Change (1) 
 Biologics Net revenue 1,978 2,534 (31) (525) (21) Segment EBITDA 277 777 (4) (496) (64) Pharma and Consumer Health Net revenue 2,287 2,271 (77) 93 4 Segment EBITDA 548 589 (23) (18) (3) Inter-segment revenue elimination (2) (3) 1 Unallocated Costs (2) 
 (559) (286) 10 (283) 99 Combined totals Net revenue 4,263 4,802 (108) (431) (9) EBITDA from operations 266 1,080 (17) (797) (74) 
 (1) Change calculations are based on amounts prior to rounding. 
 Not meaningful 
 (2) Unallocated costs include restructuring and special items, stock-based compensation, gain (loss) on sale of subsidiary, impairment charges, certain other corporate-directed costs, and other costs that are not allocated to the segments as follows: 
 Fiscal Year Ended June 30, (Dollars in millions) 2023 2022 Impairment charges and gain/loss on sale of assets (a) 
 (98) (31) Stock-based compensation (35) (54) Restructuring and other special items (b) 
 (98) (55) Gain on sale of subsidiary (c) 
 1 Goodwill impairment charges (d) 
 (210) Other income (expense), net (e) 
 7 (28) Non-allocated corporate costs, net (125) (119) Total unallocated costs (559) (286) 
 (a) For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, impairment charges and gain/loss on sale of assets include fixed-asset impairment charges that are primarily associated with an idle facility in the Biologics segment and obsolete equipment that could not be sold or repurposed in the Pharma and Consumer Health segment. 
 59 

In the three months ended June 30, 2023, we identified an indicator of impairment related to one of our facilities in the Biologics segment given our plan to pause any additional spend on site development due to a lack of demand, leading to a partial impairment charge of 54 million. We primarily utilized a market and income approach for real property and a cost approach for personal property to record the partial impairment on its idle facility. Impairment charges are recorded in Other operating expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Also, in the three months ended June 30, 2023, we identified an indicator of impairment related to obsolete equipment from a terminated project in the Pharma and Consumer Health segment, leading to a full impairment charge of 18 million. 
 For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, impairment charges and gain/loss on sale of assets include fixed-asset impairment charges associated with a product we no longer manufacture in our Pharma and Consumer Health segment. 
 (b) Restructuring and other special items for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 include (i) restructuring charges associated with the implementation of our restructuring efforts that reduced costs, consolidated facilities, and optimized infrastructure across the organization, (ii) transaction and integration costs associated with the Metrics acquisition, and (iii) warehouse exit costs for a product we no longer manufacture in our Pharma and Consumer Health segment. 
 Restructuring and other special items for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 include (i) transaction and integration costs primarily associated with the acquisition of our facility and operations in Princeton, and the Bettera Wellness, Delphi Genetics SA, Hepatic Cell Therapy Support SA, Acorda and RheinCell transactions and (ii) unrealized losses on venture capital investments. 
 (c) For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, gain on sale of subsidiary was due to the divestiture of our facility and related business in Woodstock, Illinois. 
 (d) Goodwill impairment charges during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 were associated with our Consumer Health reporting unit, which is part of our Pharma and Consumer Health segment. For further details, see Note 4, Goodwill to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (e) Refer to Note 15, Other (Income) Expense, net for details of financing charges and foreign currency adjustments recorded within Other (Income) Expense, net in our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Provided below is a reconciliation of net earnings to EBITDA from operations: 
 Fiscal Year Ended June 30, (Dollars in millions) 2023 2022 Net (loss) earnings (256) 499 Depreciation and amortization 422 378 Interest expense, net 186 123 Income tax (benefit) expense (86) 80 EBITDA from operations 266 1,080 
 60 

Biologics segment 2023 vs. 2022 Year-Over-Year Change Fiscal Year Ended June 30, Net Revenue Segment EBITDA Organic (21) (62) Impact of acquisitions (2) Constant currency change (21) (64) Foreign exchange translation impact on reporting (1) Total change (22) (64) 
 Net revenue in our Biologics segment decreased by 525 million, or 21 , excluding the impact of foreign exchange, compared to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease was primarily driven by a significant decline in demand for COVID-19 related programs, partially offset by strong growth in our gene therapy offerings. 
 Biologics Segment EBITDA decreased by 496 million, or 64 , excluding the impacts of foreign exchange and acquisitions, compared to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. Segment EBITDA decreased 62 , compared to the fiscal year end June 30, 2022, excluding the impact of acquisitions. The decrease was primarily driven by a significant decline in demand for COVID-19 related programs, inventory write-offs, and lower levels of utilization across the Biologics segment, as well as an unfavorable impact from remediation-related activities at our Bloomington and Brussels facilities, which were partially offset by strong growth in our gene therapy offerings. 
 
 We completed the acquisitions of RheinCell in August 2021 and our Princeton facility and operations in April 2022. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, these acquisitions decreased Segment EBITDA on an inorganic basis by 2 compared to the corresponding prior-year period and had a negligible impact on the segment's net revenue. 
 Pharma and Consumer Health segment 
 2023 vs. 2022 Year-Over-Year Change Fiscal Year Ended June 30, Net Revenue Segment EBITDA Organic (1) (9) Impact of acquisitions 5 6 Constant currency change 4 (3) Foreign exchange translation impact on reporting (3) (4) Total change 1 (7) 
 Net revenue in our Pharma and Consumer Health segment increased by 93 million, or 4 , excluding the impact of foreign exchange, compared to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. Net revenue decreased 1 , compared to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, excluding the impact of acquisitions. The decrease in organic revenue was primarily driven by a decline in revenue from the manufacture of prescription products and a decline in demand for our consumer health products, primarily our wellness products, partially offset by growth in our clinical supply services. 
 Pharma and Consumer Health Segment EBITDA decreased by 18 million, or 3 , excluding the impact of foreign exchange, compared to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. Segment EBITDA decreased 9 , compared to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, excluding the impact of acquisitions. The decrease in organic Segment EBITDA was primarily driven by inflationary pressures, a decline in demand for our consumer health products, and a decline in revenue from the manufacture of prescription products, which were partially offset by growth in our clinical supply services. 
 We completed the Bettera Wellness acquisition in October 2021 and the Metrics acquisition in October 2022, which increased net revenue and Segment EBITDA on an inorganic basis by 5 and 6 , respectively, during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, compared to the corresponding prior-year period. 
 61 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 Our principal source of liquidity has been cash flow generated from operations and the net proceeds of capital market activities. The principal uses of cash are to fund operating and capital expenditures, business or asset acquisitions, interest payments on debt, and any mandatory or discretionary principal payment on our debt. As of June 30, 2023, and following Operating Company's November 2022 execution of Amendment No. 7 (the Seventh Amendment to the Credit Agreement, which increased the capacity of our revolving credit facility to 1.10 billion and extended its maturity to November 2027, we had available 594 million in borrowing capacity under our Revolving Credit Facility. The capacity of our Revolving Credit Facility is reduced by the amount of all outstanding letters of credit issued under the senior secured credit facilities and short-term borrowings referred to as swing-line borrowings. As of June 30, 2023, we had 6 million of outstanding letters of credit and 500 million in outstanding borrowing under our Revolving Credit Facility. 
 As of December 1, 2023, we have increased our borrowings under our revolving credit facility to 670 million. We believe that our cash on hand, cash from operations, and available borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility will be adequate to meet our future liquidity needs for at least the next twelve months, including the amounts expected to become due with respect to our pending capital projects. We have no significant maturity under any of our bank or note debt until the July 2027 maturity of our 2027 Notes. 
 Cash Flows 
 Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2023 Compared to the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2022 
 The following table summarizes our consolidated statements of cash flows for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 compared with the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022: 
 Fiscal Year Ended June 30, (Dollars in millions) 2023 2022 Change Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 254 439 (185) Investing activities (955) (1,884) 929 Financing activities 521 1,031 (510) 
 Operating Activities 
 For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, cash provided by operating activities was 254 million, a decrease of 185 million compared to 439 million for the prior year. The year-over-year change was primarily due to a decrease in operating earnings, an increase in severance payments related to our restructuring plans, an increase in income taxes paid, and an increase in interest payments due to higher outstanding debt balances. 
 Investing Activities 
 For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, cash used in investing activities was 955 million, compared to 1.88 billion during fiscal 2022. The decrease in cash used in investing activities was primarily driven by the decrease in payment for acquisitions and an increase in proceeds from the maturity of marketable securities. 
 Financing Activities 
 For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, cash provided by financing activities was 521 million, which decreased 510 million compared to cash provided by financing activities of 1.03 billion during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease in cash provided by financing activities was primarily driven by 385 million less in borrowings and a 152 million increase in payments related to long-term obligations. 
 
 Debt and Financing Arrangements 
 Senior Secured Credit Facilities and Seventh and Eighth Amendments to the Credit Agreement 
 
 62 

In November 2022, Operating Company entered into the Seventh Amendment to the Credit Agreement. Pursuant to the Seventh Amendment, Operating Company (i) terminated its existing revolving credit commitments (and the related outstanding revolving borrowings) under the Revolving Credit Facility, and (ii) obtained 1.10 billion aggregate amount of new revolving credit commitments, borrowing thereunder an amount equal to the previously outstanding borrowings under the terminated commitments so that they could be repaid. The new commitments have an interest rate margin, at Operating Company s option, based on a (1) prime rate, plus a margin ranging from 0.750 to 1.250 based on Operating Company s consolidated leverage ratio or (2) SOFR, plus 0.100 , plus a margin ranging from 1.750 to 2.250 based on Operating Company s consolidated leverage ratio. The Revolving Credit Facility has a maturity date that is the earlier of (A) five years after November 22, 2022, and (B) the 91st day prior to the maturity of Operating Company s 2027 Notes or any permitted refinancing thereof, if on such 91st day, any of the 2027 Notes remains outstanding. Otherwise, the Revolving Credit Facility under the Seventh Amendment has the same principal terms as the previously existing revolving credit commitments under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 In June 2023, Operating Company entered into Amendment No. 8 (the Eighth Amendment to the Credit Agreement. Pursuant to the Eighth Amendment, effective as of July 1, 2023, the interest rate benchmark applicable to term loans under the Credit Agreement was updated, with the SOFR benchmark replacing the LIBOR benchmark. The Eighth Amendment includes a 0.1148 credit spread adjustment to the SOFR benchmark for loans with a 1-month interest period, a 0.26161 credit spread adjustment to the SOFR benchmark for loans with a 3-month interest period, and a 0.42826 credit spread adjustment to the SOFR benchmark for loans with a 6-month interest period. Other than the foregoing, the material terms of the Credit Agreement remain unchanged. 
 
 The availability of capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility is reduced by the aggregate value of all outstanding letters of credit under the Credit Agreement and outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. As of June 30, 2023, we had 594 million of unutilized capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility, due to 6 million of outstanding letters of credit and 500 million of outstanding borrowings on our Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Further information concerning the senior secured credit facilities, including our U.S. dollar-denominated term loans and the Revolving Credit Facility, can be found in Note 7, Long-Term Obligations and Short-Term Borrowings to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5.000 Senior Notes due 2027 
 In June 2019, Operating Company completed a private offering of the 2027 Notes. The 2027 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by all of the wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries of Operating Company that guarantee its senior secured credit facilities. The 2027 Notes were offered in the U.S. to qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act and outside the U.S. only to non-U.S. investors pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. The 2027 Notes will mature on July 15, 2027 and bear interest at the rate of 5.000 per annum. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year. The proceeds of the 2027 Notes, after payment of the offering fees and expenses, were used to repay in full the outstanding borrowings under Operating Company's then-outstanding term loans, which would otherwise have matured in May 2024. 
 2.375 Euro-denominated Senior Notes due 2028 
 In March 2020, Operating Company completed a private offering of the 2028 Notes. The 2028 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by all of the wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries of Operating Company that guarantee its senior secured credit facilities. The 2028 Notes were offered in the U.S. to qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act and outside the U.S. only to non-U.S. investors pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. The 2028 Notes will mature on March 1, 2028 and bear interest at the rate of 2.375 per annum. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year. The proceeds of the 2028 Notes, after payment of the offering fees and expenses, were used to repay in full the outstanding borrowings under Operating Company's euro-denominated term loans, which would otherwise have matured in May 2024, and to repay in full our Euro-denominated 4.75 Senior Notes due 2024, which would otherwise have matured in December 2024, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, with the remainder available for general corporate purposes. 
 3.125 Senior Notes due 2029 
 
 In February 2021, Operating Company completed a private offering of the 2029 Notes. The 2029 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by all of the wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries of Operating Company that guarantee its senior secured credit facilities. The 2029 Notes were offered in the U.S. to qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act and outside the U.S. only to non-U.S. investors pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. The 2029 Notes will mature on February 15, 2029 and bear interest at the rate of 3.125 per annum payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year. The proceeds of the 2029 Notes, after payment of the 
 63 

offering fees and expenses were used to repay in full the outstanding borrowings under an earlier issue of unsecured notes, which would have otherwise matured in 2026, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, with the remainder available for general corporate purposes. 
 3.500 Senior Notes due 2030 
 In September 2021, Operating Company completed a private offering of the 2030 Notes. The 2030 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by all of the wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries of Operating Company that guarantee its senior secured credit facilities. The 2030 Notes were offered in the U.S. to qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act and outside the U.S. only to non-U.S. investors pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. The 2030 Notes will mature on April 1, 2030 and bear interest at the rate of 3.500 per annum payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year. The proceeds of the 2030 Notes, after payment of the offering fees and expenses, were used to fund a portion of the consideration paid at the closing of the Bettera Wellness acquisition. 
 Debt Covenants 
 Senior Secured Credit Facilities 
 The Credit Agreement contains covenants that, among other things, restrict, subject to certain exceptions, Operating Company s (and Operating Company s restricted subsidiaries ability to incur additional indebtedness or issue certain preferred shares; create liens on assets; engage in mergers and consolidations; sell assets; pay dividends and distributions or repurchase capital stock; repay subordinated indebtedness; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; make investments, loans, or advances; make certain acquisitions; enter into sale and leaseback transactions; amend material agreements governing Operating Company s subordinated indebtedness; and change Operating Company s lines of business. 
 The Credit Agreement also contains change-of-control provisions and certain customary affirmative covenants and events of default. The Revolving Credit Facility requires compliance with a net leverage covenant when there is a 30 or more draw outstanding at a period end. As of June 30, 2023, Operating Company was in compliance with all material covenants under the Credit Agreement. 
 Subject to certain exceptions, the Credit Agreement permits Operating Company and its restricted subsidiaries to incur certain additional indebtedness, including secured indebtedness. None of Operating Company s non-U.S. subsidiaries nor its dormant Puerto Rico subsidiary is a guarantor of the loans. 
 Under the Credit Agreement, Operating Company s ability to engage in certain activities such as incurring certain additional indebtedness, making certain investments, and paying certain dividends is tied to ratios based on Adjusted EBITDA (which is defined as Consolidated EBITDA in the Credit Agreement). Adjusted EBITDA is based on the definitions in the Credit Agreement, is not defined under U.S. GAAP, and is subject to important limitations. See Non-GAAP Metrics for further details on Adjusted EBITDA. 
 As market conditions warrant, we may from time to time seek to purchase our outstanding debt in privately negotiated or open-market transactions, by tender offer or otherwise. Subject to any limitation contained in the Credit Agreement, any purchase made by us may be funded by the use of cash on hand or the incurrence of new secured or unsecured debt. The amount involved in any such purchase transaction, individually or in the aggregate, may be material. Any such purchase may involve a substantial amount of one particular class or series of debt, with the attendant reduction in the trading liquidity of such class or series. 
 The Senior Notes 
 The Indentures govern the terms of our outstanding senior notes and contain certain covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to incur or guarantee more debt or issue certain preferred shares; pay dividends on, repurchase, or make distributions in respect of their capital stock or make other restricted payments; make certain investments; sell certain assets; create liens; consolidate, merge, sell; or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of their assets; enter into certain transactions with their affiliates, and designate their subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries. These covenants are subject to a number of exceptions, limitations, and qualifications as set forth in the Indentures. The Indentures also contain customary events of default, including, but not limited to, nonpayment, breach of covenants, and payment or acceleration defaults in certain other indebtedness of Operating Company or certain of its subsidiaries. Upon an event of default, either the holders of at least 30 in principal amount of each of the then-outstanding series of Senior Notes, or the applicable trustee under the Indentures, may declare the applicable senior notes immediately due and payable; or in certain circumstances, the applicable senior notes will become automatically immediately due and payable. As of June 30, 2023, Operating Company was in compliance with all material covenants under the Indentures. 
 64 

Liquidity in Foreign Subsidiaries 
 As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the amounts of cash and cash equivalents held by foreign subsidiaries were 181 million and 377 million, respectively, out of total consolidated cash and cash equivalents of 280 million and 449 million, respectively. These balances are dispersed across many international locations around the world. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Net Income per Share 
 The below tables summarize our fiscal 2023 and 2022 results with respect to certain financial metrics we use to measure performance throughout the fiscal year. Refer to Non-GAAP Metrics for further details regarding Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted net income per share. 
 
 A reconciliation between Adjusted EBITDA and net earnings, the most directly comparable measure under U.S. GAAP, which also shows the adjustments from EBITDA from operations, follows: 
 Fiscal Year Ended (In millions) June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 Net (loss) earnings (256) 499 Interest expense, net 186 123 Income tax (benefit) expense 
 (86) 80 Depreciation and amortization 422 378 EBITDA from operations 266 1,080 Goodwill impairment charges 210 Stock-based compensation 35 54 Impairment charges and gain/loss on sale of assets 98 31 Financing-related expenses and other 4 Restructuring costs 66 10 Acquisition, integration, and other special items 31 46 Gain on sale of subsidiary (1) Foreign exchange (gain) loss (included in other, net) (1) 
 (11) 31 Inventory fair value step-up charges 7 Other adjustments 2 (3) Adjusted EBITDA 697 1,259 Favorable (unfavorable) FX impact (17) Adjusted EBITDA - constant currency 714 
 
 (1) Foreign exchange gain of 11 million for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 includes 10 million of unrealized gains related to foreign trade receivables and payables and intercompany transactions. 
 65 

Foreign exchange loss of 31 million for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 includes: (a) 12 million of unrealized gains related to foreign trade receivables and payables, (b) 11 million of unrealized losses on the unhedged portion of our euro-denominated debt, and (c) 34 million of unrealized losses on inter-company loans. The foreign exchange adjustment was also affected by the exclusion of realized foreign currency exchange rate gains from the settlement of inter-company loans of 2 million. Inter-company loans exist between our subsidiaries and do not reflect the ongoing results of our trade operations. 
 A reconciliation between Adjusted Net Income and net earnings, the most directly comparable measure under U.S. GAAP, follows. 
 Fiscal Year Ended (In millions, except per share data) June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 Net (loss) earnings (256) 499 Amortization (1) 
 136 123 Goodwill impairment charges 210 Stock-based compensation 35 54 Impairment charges and gain/loss on sale of assets 98 31 Financing-related expenses 4 Restructuring costs 66 10 Acquisition, integration, and other special items 31 46 (Gain) on sale of subsidiary (1) Foreign exchange (gain) loss (included in other expense, net) (2) 
 (11) 31 Inventory fair value step-up charges 7 Other adjustments 2 (4) Estimated tax effect of adjustments (3) 
 (126) (72) Discrete income tax benefit items (4) 
 (18) (54) Adjusted net income (ANI) 167 674 ANI per share: ANI per share - basic (5) 
 0.92 3.82 ANI per share - diluted (6) 
 0.92 3.73 
 (1) Represents the amortization attributable to purchase accounting for previously completed business combinations. 
 (2) Foreign exchange gain of 11 million for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 includes 10 million of unrealized gains related to foreign trade receivables and payables intercompany transactions. 
 Foreign exchange loss of 31 million for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 includes: (a) 12 million of unrealized gains related to foreign trade receivables and payables, (b) 11 million of unrealized losses on the unhedged portion of the euro-denominated debt, and (c) 34 million of unrealized losses on inter-company loans. The foreign exchange adjustment was also affected by the exclusion of realized foreign currency exchange rate gains from the settlement of inter-company loans of 2 million. Inter-company loans exist between our subsidiaries and do not reflect the ongoing results of our trade operations. 
 (3) We computed the tax effect of adjustments to net earnings by applying the statutory tax rate in the relevant jurisdictions to the income or expense items that are adjusted in the period presented. If a valuation allowance exists, the rate applied is zero. 
 (4) Discrete period income tax expense (benefit) items are unusual or infrequently occurring items, primarily including: changes in judgment related to the realizability of deferred tax assets in future years, changes in measurement of a prior-year tax position, deferred tax impact of changes in tax law, and purchase accounting. 
 (5) Represents Adjusted Net Income divided by the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the weighted average was 181 million and 176 million, respectively. 
 66 

(6) Represents Adjusted Net Income divided by the weighted average sum of (a) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding, plus (b) the number of shares of Common Stock that would be issued assuming exercise or vesting of all potentially dilutive instruments, plus, in fiscal 2022, (c) the number of shares of Common Stock equivalent to the shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding under the if-converted method. For the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the weighted average was 181 million. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk Management 
 We have historically used interest-rate swaps to manage the economic effect of variable-rate interest obligations associated with our floating-rate term loans so that the interest payable on at least a portion of the term loans effectively becomes fixed at a certain rate, thereby reducing the impact of future interest-rate changes on our future interest expense. 
 
 A portion of our bank and note debt is exposed to interest-rate fluctuations. We have in the past used and may continue to use various hedging strategies and derivative financial instruments to create an appropriate mix of fixed- and floating-rate assets and liabilities. In February 2021, we entered into an interest-rate swap agreement with Bank of America N.A. that acted as a hedge against the economic effect of a portion of the variable-interest obligation associated with our U.S. dollar-denominated term loans under our senior secured credit facilities, so that the interest payable on that portion of the debt became fixed at a certain rate, thereby reducing the impact of future interest-rate increases on future interest expense (the 2021 Rate Swap ). From June 30, 2021 until the effective date of the Eighth Amendment, the applicable rate for the U.S. dollar-denominated term loan under the Credit Agreement was one-month LIBOR (subject to a floor of 0.50 plus 2.00 ; however, as a result of the 2021 Rate Swap, the variable portion of the applicable rate on 500 million of the U.S. dollar-denominated term loans was effectively fixed during this period at 0.9985 . 
 To conform with the adoption of ASC 848, Reference Rate Reform and the Eighth Amendment , the Company amended the 2021 Rate Swap in June 2023 (the 2023 Rate Swap ). The 2023 Rate Swap continues to effectively fix the rate of interest payable on the same portion of our U.S dollar-denominated term loans under our secured credit facilities. The applicable rate for the U.S. dollar-denominated term loan under the Credit Agreement was SOFR (subject to a floor of 0.39 plus 2.00 as of June 30, 2023. As a result of the 2023 Rate Swap, the variable portion of the applicable interest rate on 500 million of the U.S. dollar-denominated term loans is now effectively fixed at 0.9431 . 
 
 Currency Risk Management 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in the euro-U.S. dollar exchange rate on our investments in our foreign operations in Europe. While we do not actively hedge against changes in foreign currency, we have mitigated the exposure of our investments in our European operations by denominating a portion of our bank and note debt in euros. As of June 30, 2023, we had 904 million of euro-denominated debt outstanding that qualifies as a hedge on a net investment in foreign operations. Refer to Note 9, Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities, to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of net investment hedge activity in the period. 
 From time to time, we may use forward currency exchange contracts to manage our exposure to the variability of cash flows primarily related to the foreign exchange rate changes of future foreign currency transaction costs. In addition, we may use foreign currency forward contracts to protect the value of existing foreign currency assets and liabilities. Currently, we do not use foreign currency exchange contracts. We expect to continue to evaluate hedging opportunities for foreign currency in the future. 
 67 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to cash flow and earnings fluctuations as a result of certain market risks. These market risks primarily relate to changes in interest rates associated with our bank and note debt obligations and foreign exchange rate changes. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 A portion of the debt used to finance our operations is exposed to interest-rate fluctuations. We may use various hedging strategies and derivative financial instruments to create an appropriate mix of fixed- and floating-rate assets and liabilities. We entered into the 2021 Rate Swap with Bank of America N.A., which acted as a hedge against the economic effect of a portion of the variable-interest obligation associated with our U.S. dollar-denominated term loans under our senior secured credit facilities, so that the interest payable on that portion of the debt became fixed at a certain rate, thereby reducing the impact of future interest-rate changes on future interest expense. From June 30, 2021 until the effective date of the Eighth Amendment, the applicable rate for the U.S. dollar-denominated term loan under the Credit Agreement was one-month LIBOR (subject to a floor of 0.50 plus 2.00 ; however, as a result of the 2021 Rate Swap, the variable portion of the applicable rate on 500 million of the U.S. dollar-denominated term loans was effectively fixed during this period at 0.9985 . 
 To conform with the adoption of ASC 848 and the Eighth Amendment , the Company amended the 2021 Rate Swap as the 2023 Rate Swap. The 2023 Rate Swap continues to effectively fix the rate of interest payable on the same portion of our U.S dollar-denominated term loans under our secured credit facilities. The applicable rate for the U.S. dollar-denominated term loan under the Credit Agreement was SOFR (subject to a floor of 0.39 plus 2.00 as of June 30, 2023. As a result of the 2023 Rate Swap, the variable portion of the applicable interest rate on 500 million of the U.S. dollar-denominated term loans is now effectively fixed at 0.9431 . 
 A hypothetical 50 basis change to the variable rate component of our variable rate indebtedness would change our annual interest expense by 7 million. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 By the nature of our global operations, we are exposed to cash flow and earnings fluctuations resulting from foreign exchange-rate variation. These exposures are transactional and translational in nature. Since we manufacture and sell our products globally, our foreign-currency risk is diversified. Principal drivers of this diversified foreign-exchange exposure include the European euro, British pound, Argentinean peso, and Brazilian real. Our transactional exposure arises from the purchase and sale of goods and services in currencies other than the functional currency of our operational units. We also have exposure related to the translation of financial statements of our foreign divisions into U.S. dollars, our functional currency. The financial statements of our operations outside the U.S. are measured using the local currency as the functional currency, except in Argentina, a hyper-inflationary economy, where our results are measured in U.S. dollars. Adjustments to translate the assets and liabilities of these foreign operations in U.S. dollars are accumulated as a component of other comprehensive income utilizing period-end exchange rates. Foreign-currency transaction gains and losses calculated by utilizing weighted average exchange rates for the period are included in the statements of operations in other expense, net. Such foreign currency transaction gains and losses include inter-company loans denominated in non-U.S. dollar currencies. 
 68 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Consolidated Financial Statements as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 and for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 70 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 74 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 75 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 76 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 77 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 78 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 79 

69 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Catalent, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Catalent, Inc. (the Company) as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated December 8, 2023, expressed an adverse opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 
 
 Goodwill impairment assessment for the Consumer Health reporting unit Description of the Matter As of June 30, 2023, the Company s consolidated goodwill balance was 3,039 million. As discussed in Notes 1 and 4 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company performs an impairment evaluation of goodwill annually during the fourth quarter of its fiscal year or when circumstances otherwise indicate an evaluation should be performed. As of March 31, 2023, the Company identified an indicator of impairment requiring an interim impairment assessment. The evaluation resulted in the Company recording a goodwill impairment loss of 210 million in its Consumer Health reporting unit in the third quarter of fiscal 2023. The Company estimates the fair value of its reporting units using a combination of income and market approaches. 
 
 70 

Auditing management's goodwill impairment assessment for the Consumer Health reporting unit was complex and judgmental due to the significant estimation required in determining the fair value of the reporting unit. In particular, the fair value estimate was sensitive to significant assumptions such as revenue growth rates, EBITDA margin and discount rate, which are affected by expectations about business, market and overall economic conditions. Further, the identified material weakness relating to management not adequately preparing and maintaining evidence of their review of significant assumptions relating to the interim goodwill impairment assessment affected our audit procedures in this area. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit To test the estimated fair value of the Consumer Health reporting unit, our audit procedures included, among others, involving an internal valuation specialist to assist in our evaluation of the methodologies and assumptions used by the Company. We evaluated whether management s methodology for determining the discount rate reflected the risk associated with the forecasted cash flows of the reporting unit. We assessed the reasonableness of the Company s assumptions of forecasted revenue growth rates and EBITDA margin by comparing to recent historical performance, current economic and industry trends, and other relevant factors, and performing sensitivity analyses. We also evaluated management s historical accuracy of forecasting financial results by comparing past forecasts to subsequent actual activity. The nature and extent of our audit procedures considered the inability to rely on controls over management s goodwill impairment review process as a result of the material weakness described above. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2007. 
 
 December 8, 2023 
 
 71 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Catalent, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Catalent, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weaknesses described below on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, Catalent, Inc. (the Company) has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weaknesses have been identified and included in management s assessment. Management has identified material weaknesses in controls related to modifications to arrangements accounted for under ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, management s review of certain complex and non-routine transactions and controls over inventory. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2). These material weaknesses were considered in determining the nature, timing and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2023 consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our report dated December 8, 2023, which expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 72 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Iselin, New Jersey 
 December 8, 2023 
 73 

Catalent, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Trade receivables, net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively 
 Inventories Prepaid expenses and other Marketable securities Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Other assets: Goodwill Other intangibles, net Deferred income taxes Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Current liabilities: Current portion of long-term obligations and other short-term borrowings Accounts payable Other accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term obligations, less current portion Pension liability Deferred income taxes Other liabilities Commitment and contingencies (see Note 17) Total liabilities Redeemable preferred stock, par value; shares authorized at June 30, 2023 and 2022; shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 Shareholders equity: Common stock, par value; billion shares authorized at June 30, 2023 and 2022; million and million shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Preferred stock, par value; million shares authorized at June 30, 2023 and 2022; shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 Additional paid in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 74 

Catalent, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share data) 
 Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 2021 Net revenue Cost of sales Gross margin Selling, general, and administrative expenses Gain on sale of subsidiary ) ) Goodwill impairment charges Other operating expense Operating (loss) earnings ) Interest expense, net Other (income) expense, net ) (Loss) earnings before income taxes ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) Net (loss) earnings ) Less: Net earnings attributable to preferred shareholders ) Net (loss) earnings attributable to common shareholders ) Earnings (loss) per share: Basic Net (loss) earnings ) Diluted Net (loss) earnings ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 75 

Catalent, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 
 Fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 2022 2021 Net (loss) earnings ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Defined benefit pension plan Net change in marketable securities ) ) Derivatives and hedges Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 76 

Catalent, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 (Dollars in millions, except share data in thousands) 
 
 Columns may not foot due to rounding Shares of Common Stock Common Stock 
 Additional Paid in Capital Accumulated Earnings (Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Shareholders Equity Redeemable Preferred Stock Balance at June 30, 2020 ) ) Equity offering, sale of common stock Share issuances related to stock-based compensation Conversion of redeemable preferred stock ) Stock-based compensation Cash paid, in lieu of equity, for tax withholding ) ) Exercise of stock options Employee stock purchase plan Preferred dividend 12.50 per share of redeemable preferred stock) ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balance at June 30, 2021 ) Share issuances related to stock-based compensation Conversion of redeemable preferred stock ) Stock-based compensation Cash paid, in lieu of equity, for tax withholding ) ) Exercise of stock options Employee stock purchase plan Preferred dividend 12.50 per share of redeemable preferred stock) ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Balance at June 30, 2022 ) Share issuances related to stock-based compensation Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options Employee stock purchase plan Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balance at June 30, 2023 ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 77 

Catalent, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net (loss) earnings 
 ) Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash from operations: 
 Depreciation and amortization Goodwill impairment charges Non-cash foreign currency transaction (gain) loss, net ) ) Amortization of debt financing costs 
 Non-cash restructuring charges Impairment charges and loss/gain on sale of assets, net 
 Gain on sale of subsidiary ) ) Financing-related charges 
 Gain on derivative instrument ) ) Stock-based compensation (Benefit) provision for deferred income taxes ) Provision for bad debts and inventory Change in operating assets and liabilities: Decrease (increase) in trade receivables 
 ) ) Increase in inventories 
 ) ) ) (Decrease) increase in accounts payable ) Other assets/accrued liabilities, net - current and non-current 
 ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities 
 CASH FLOWS USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Acquisition of property and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from maturity (purchases) of marketable securities ) ) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment (Settlement on) proceeds from sale of subsidiaries ) Payment for acquisitions, net of cash acquired 
 ) ) ) Payment made for investments ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities 
 ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from borrowings 
 Payments related to financing obligations ) ) ) Financing fees paid 
 ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) Proceeds from sale of common stock, net 
 Exercise of stock options 
 Cash paid, in lieu of equity, for tax withholding obligation ) ) Other financing activities Net cash provided by financing activities 
 Effect of foreign currency on cash ) NET DECREASE IN CASH AND EQUIVALENTS ) ) ) CASH AND EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH AND EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD SUPPLEMENTARY CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Interest paid Income taxes paid, net Non-cash purchase of property, equipment SUPPLEMENTARY DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITY: Issuance of Common Stock from partial conversion of redeemable preferred stock Note receivable from sale of Blow-Fill-Seal Business 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 78 

Catalent, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 (the Common Stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol CTLT . 

79 

of its net revenue, which was primarily recorded in the Biologics segment. No single customer exceeded of revenue during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. 
 and , respectively, of its aggregate net trade receivables and contract asset values, primarily associated with the Biologics segment. After performing a risk assessment of this customer, the Company has determined that a reserve is not warranted as of June 30, 2023. 
 
 80 

Property and Equipment and Other Definite-Lived Intangible Assets 
 to years; machinery and equipment to years; and furniture and fixtures to years. Depreciation expense was million, million, and million for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Depreciation expense includes amortization of assets related to financing leases. The Company charges repairs and maintenance costs to expense as incurred. The amount of capitalized interest for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 81 

million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 82 

million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 (the Common Stock using the treasury stock method. Prior to fiscal 2023, the Company computed earnings (loss) per share of the Common Stock using the two-class method required due to the participating nature of the previously outstanding Series A Preferred Stock (as defined and discussed in Note 13, Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss ). 
 Diluted earnings per common share measures the performance of the Company over the reporting period while giving effect to all potential shares of Common Stock that were dilutive and outstanding during the period. The denominator includes the weighted average over the measurement period of the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding and the 
 83 

2. 

84 

85 

Development services clinical supply Total Inter-segment revenue elimination ) Combined net revenue 
 Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2022 Biologics Pharma and Consumer Health Total Manufacturing commercial product supply Development services clinical supply Total Inter-segment revenue elimination ) Combined net revenue 
 Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2021 Biologics Pharma and Consumer Health Total Manufacturing commercial product supply Development services clinical supply Total Inter-segment revenue elimination ) Combined net revenue 
 86 

Europe Other Elimination of revenue attributable to multiple locations ) ) ) Total 
 Contract Liabilities 
 Contract liabilities relate to cash consideration that the Company receives in advance of satisfying the related performance obligations. 
 Balance at June 30, 2023 Revenue recognized in the period from amounts included in contracts liability at the beginning of the period: 
 Contract liabilities that will be recognized within 12 months of June 30, 2023 are accounted for in Other accrued liabilities and those that will be recognized longer than 12 months after June 30, 2023 are accounted for within Other liabilities. 
 Contract Assets 
 Contract assets primarily relate to the Company's conditional right to receive consideration for services that have been performed for customers but had not yet been invoiced as of June 30, 2023. Contract assets are transferred to trade receivables, net when the Company s right to receive the consideration becomes unconditional. Contract assets totaled million and million as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Contract assets expected to transfer to trade receivables within 12 months are accounted for within Prepaid expenses and other. Contract assets expected to transfer to trade receivables after 12 months are accounted for within Other long-term assets. 
 As of June 30, 2023, the Company recorded no reserve against any of its contract asset balances. 
 Performance Obligations 
 
 Remaining performance obligations represent firm orders for future development services as well as manufacturing and commercial product supply, including minimum volume commitments, for which there are incomplete performance obligations for work not yet completed under executed contracts. Remaining performance obligations as of June 30, 2023 were million. The Company expects to recognize approximately of the remaining performance obligations in existence as of June 30, 2023 after June 30, 2024. 
 
 3. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS AND DIVESTITURES 
 Skeletal Cell Therapy Support SA Acquisition 
 
 In November 2020, the Company acquired 100 of the equity interest in Skeletal Cell Therapy Support SA Skeletal for million and entered into related supply agreements with the seller. Skeletal operated a cell therapy manufacturing facility in Gosselies, Belgium. The operations were assigned to the Company s Biologics segment, expanding the Company s cell therapy capacity for clinical and commercial supply. The acquisition, combined with the Company's other European-based facilities and capabilities in cell therapy, has resulted in an integrated European center of excellence in cell therapy. 
 
 The Company accounted for the Skeletal acquisition using the acquisition method in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations . The Company funded the entire purchase price with cash on hand and allocated the purchase price among the acquired assets, recognizing million of goodwill. The Company allocated the remainder of the purchase price to trade receivables, property, plant, and equipment, and other current and non-current assets and liabilities assumed in the acquisition. Results for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 were not material to the Company s statement of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 
 
 87 

Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. Transaction 
 
 In February 2021, the Company acquired the manufacturing and packaging operations of Acorda Therapeutics, Inc.'s dry powder inhaler and spray dry manufacturing business, including its manufacturing facility located near Boston, Massachusetts, Acorda for million . The facility and operations became part of the Company s Pharma and Consumer Health segment. 
 
 The Company accounted for the Acorda transaction using the acquisition method in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations . The Company funded the entire purchase price with cash on hand and allocated the purchase price among the acquired assets, recognizing property, plant, and equipment of million, inventory of million, and goodwill of million. The remainder of the purchase price was allocated to other current and non-current assets and liabilities assumed in the acquisition. Results of this business were not material to the Company's statement of operations, financial position, or cash flows for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Delphi Genetics SA Acquisition 
 
 In February 2021, the Company acquired 100 of the equity interest in Delphi Genetics SA Delphi for million . Delphi was a pDNA cell and gene therapy contract development and manufacturing organization based in Gosselies, Belgium. The facility and operations acquired became part of the Company s Biologics segment. 
 
 The Company accounted for the Delphi transaction using the acquisition method in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations . The Company funded the entire purchase price with cash on hand and allocated the purchase price among the acquired assets, recognizing property, plant, and equipment of million, intangible assets of million, other current assets of million, assumed debt of million, other current liabilities of million and goodwill of million. Results of this business were not material to the Company's statement of operations, financial position, or cash flows for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Hepatic Cell Therapy Support SA Asset Acquisition 
 
 In April 2021, the Company acquired 100 of the equity interest in Hepatic Cell Therapy Support SA Hepatic for million , net of cash acquired and debt assumed. Hepatic operated a manufacturing facility at the same location where Skeletal operated its cell therapy manufacturing facility in Gosselies, Belgium. The facility acquired expanded the C ompany s cell therapy capacity for clinical and commercial supply in its Biologics segment. 
 
 The Company accounted for the Hepatic transaction as an asset acquisition in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations . The Company funded the entire purchase price with cash on hand and allocated the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, recognizing property, plant, and equipment of million, other current and non-current assets of million, and assumed debt of million. Results of this business were not material to the Company's statement of operations, financial position, or cash flows for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 RheinCell Therapeutics GmbH Acquisition 
 
 In August 2021, the Company acquired 100 of the equity interest in RheinCell Therapeutics GmbH RheinCell for million, net of cash acquired. RheinCell was a developer and manufacturer of clinical- and cGMP-grade iPSCs based in Lagenfeld, Germany. The operations became part of the Company s Biologics segment and built on its existing custom cell therapy process development and manufacturing capabilities with proprietary cGMP cell lines for iPSC-based therapies. 
 
 The Company accounted for the RheinCell transaction using the acquisition method in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations . The Company funded the entire purchase price with cash on hand and allocated the purchase price among the assets acquired, recognizing million of current liabilities, million of other liabilities, million of intangible assets, and goodwill of million. Results of this business were not material to the Company's statement of operations, financial position, or cash flows for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Bettera Holdings, LLC Acquisition 
 
 In October 2021, the Company acquired 100 of the equity interest in Bettera Holdings, LLC Bettera Wellness for billion. Bettera Wellness was a manufacturer of nutraceuticals and nutritional supplements in gummy, soft chew, and lozenge delivery formats and became part of the Company's Pharma and Consumer Health segment. 
 
 88 

The Company accounted for the Bettera Wellness transaction using the acquisition method in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations . The Company estimated fair values at the date of acquisition for the allocation of consideration to the net tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed and allocated the purchase price among the assets acquired, recognizing million of other intangibles, net, million of property, plant, and equipment, million of inventories, million of cash and cash equivalents, million of trade receivables, million of net other liabilities, and goodwill of million. Results of this business were not material to the Company's statement of operations, financial position, or cash flows for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 The carrying value of trade receivables, inventory, and trade payables, as well as certain other current and non-current assets and liabilities, generally represented the fair value at the date of acquisition. 
 
 Property, plant, and equipment assets were valued using the cost approach, which is based on current replacement and/or reproduction cost of the related asset as new, less depreciation attributable to physical, functional, and economic factors. The Company then determined the remaining useful life based on the anticipated life of the asset and Company policy for similar assets. 
 
 Core technology intangible assets of million were valued using the multi-period, excess-earnings method, a method that values the intangible asset using the present value of the after-tax cash flows attributable to the intangible asset only. The significant assumptions used in developing the valuation included the estimated annual net cash flows (including application of an appropriate margin to forecasted revenue, revenue obsolescence rate, selling and marketing costs, return on working capital, contributory asset charges, and other factors), the discount rate that appropriately reflects the risk inherent in each future cash flow stream, and an assessment of the asset s life cycle, as well as other factors. The assumptions used in the financial forecasts were based on historical data, supplemented by current and anticipated growth rates, management plans, and market-comparable information. Fair-value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions and factors. The core technology intangible asset has a weighted average useful life of years. 
 
 Goodwill has been allocated to the Pharma and Consumer Health segment as shown in Note 4, Goodwill . Goodwill is mainly comprised of growth from expected increases in capacity utilization and new customers. The goodwill resulting from the Bettera Wellness acquisition is deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 Vaccine Manufacturing and Innovation Centre UK Limited Asset Acquisition 
 
 In April 2022, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Catalent Oxford Limited, acquired a development and manufacturing facility near Oxford, United Kingdom U.K. and certain related assets and liabilities from The Vaccine Manufacturing and Innovation Centre UK Limited for million in cash, including million of closing costs. The facility and related assets and liabilities became part of the Company s Biologics segment. 
 
 The Company accounted for this transaction as an acquisition of assets in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations . The Company funded this acquisition with cash on hand and allocated the purchase price among the net assets acquired, recognizing million of current assets, million of property, plant, and equipment, million of current liabilities, and million of other liabilities. Results of this business were not material to the Company's statement of operations, financial position, or cash flows for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Princeton Cell Therapy Development and Manufacturing Acquisition 
 
 In April 2022, the Company acquired a cell therapy commercial manufacturing facility and operations near Princeton, New Jersey Princeton from Erytech Pharma S.A. Erytech for million in cash, subject to customary adjustments. In connection with the purchase, Erytech and the Company entered into a long-term supply agreement, under which the Company agreed to continue to manufacture and package an Erytech product at the Princeton facility. The operations and facility acquired became part of the Company s Biologics segment. 
 
 The Company accounted for this transaction using the acquisition method in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations . The Company funded this acquisition with cash on hand and allocated the purchase price among the assets acquired, recognizing million of property, plant, and equipment, million of other assets, million of current liabilities, million of other liabilities, and goodwill of million. Results of this business were not material to the Company's statement of operations, financial position, or cash flows for the fiscal years ended June 30,2023 and 2022. 
 
 Metrics Contract Services Acquisition 
 
 89 

In October 2022, the Company acquired 100 of Metrics Contract Services Metrics from Mayne Pharma Group Limited for million in cash. Metrics, based in Greenville, North Carolina, was an oral solids development and manufacturing business specializing in the manufacture of drugs containing highly potent active pharmaceutical ingredients. The operations and facility acquired became part of the Company s Pharma and Consumer Health segment. 
 
 The Company accounted for the Metrics transaction using the acquisition method in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations . The Company funded this acquisition with a portion of the proceeds of an October 2022 drawdown from its senior secured revolving credit facility. The Company estimated fair values at the date of acquisition for the allocation of consideration to the net tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The Company has not completed its analysis regarding the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Therefore, the allocation to income taxes are preliminary and subject to finalization. 
 
 The preliminary purchase price was allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquisition as follows: 
 
 (Dollars in millions) Preliminary Purchase Price Allocation Trade receivables, net Inventories Property, plant, and equipment Other intangibles, net Other, net ) Goodwill Total assets acquired and liabilities assumed 
 
 The carrying value of trade receivables, inventory, and trade payables, as well as certain other current and non-current assets and liabilities generally represented the fair value at the date of acquisition. 
 
 Other intangibles, net consists of customer relationships of million, which were valued using the multi-period, excess-earnings method, a method that values the intangible asset using the present value of the after-tax cash flows attributable to the intangible asset only. The significant assumptions used in developing the valuation included the estimated annual net cash flows (including application of an appropriate margin to forecasted revenue, selling and marketing costs, return on working capital, contributory asset charges, and other factors), the discount rate that appropriately reflects the risk inherent in each future cash flow stream, and an assessment of the asset s life cycle, as well as other factors. The assumptions used in the financial forecasts were based on historical data, supplemented by current and anticipated growth rates, management plans, and market-comparable information. Fair-value determinations require judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions and factors. The customer relationship intangible asset has a weighted average useful life of years. 
 
 Property, plant, and equipment was valued using the cost approach, which is based on current replacement and/or reproduction cost of the asset as new, less depreciation attributable to physical, functional, and economic factors. The Company then determined the remaining useful life based on the anticipated life of the asset and Company policy for similar assets. 
 
 Goodwill has been allocated to the Pharma and Consumer Health segment as shown in Note 4, Goodwill . Goodwill is mainly comprised of the growth from an expected increase in capacity utilization and potential new customers. The goodwill resulting from the Metrics acquisition is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. 
 
 Results of the business acquired were not material to the Company's consolidated statement of operations, financial position, or cash flows for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. 
 
 Blow-Fill-Seal Divestitur e 
 
 In March 2021, the Company sold 100 of the shares of Catalent USA Woodstock, Inc. and certain related assets (collectively, the Blow-Fill-Seal Business for million in total consideration million in cash). The Blow-Fill-Seal Business was part of the Pharma and Consumer Health segment. 
 
 The carrying value of the net assets sold was million, which included goodwill of million. As a result of the sale, the Company realized a gain from divestiture of million, net of transaction costs, for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. 
 
 90 

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, the Company settled a post-closing purchase price adjustment, which resulted in a gain on sale of subsidiary of million. 
 
 All consideration received was measured at its divestiture date fair value. The Company valued the total consideration received from divestiture of the Blow-Fill-Seal Business as follows: 
 
 (Dollars in millions) Fair value of consideration received Cash, gross Note receivable (1) 
 Contingent consideration (2) 
 Other (3) 
 ) Total 
 
 (1) The note receivable, which provides for interest at a rate of paid in kind, had an estimated fair value of million and at June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2022, respectively. The fair value at divestiture date consisted of a million aggregate principal amount less a million discount determined using a discounted cash flow model. 
 
 (2) The Company determined that the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration from the sale of the Blow-Fill-Seal Business at June 30, 2022 was zero, and therefore no contingent consideration was recorded at divestiture. If any contingent consideration is subsequently received, it will be recorded in the period in which it is received. The Company has elected an accounting policy to recognize increases in the carrying amount of the contingent consideration asset using the gain contingency guidance in ASC 450, Contingencies . 
 
 (3) Other includes million of transaction expenses, a working capital adjustment of million, and a million assumption of liabilities, resulting in net cash proceeds of million. 
 
 4. 
 Additions (1) 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Balance at June 30, 2022 Additions (2) 
 Reallocation ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Impairment (3) 
 ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 
 (1) The additions to goodwill arise from the Bettera Wellness (Pharma and Consumer Health), Princeton (Biologics), RheinCell (Biologics), and Delphi (Biologics) acquisitions. For further details, see Note 3, Business Combinations and Divestitures . 
 (2) The addition to goodwill is a result of the Metrics acquisition. For further details, see Note 3, Business Combinations and Divestitures . 
 (3) Represents gross and accumulated impairment charges. 
 
 91 

Goodwill Impairment Charges 
 
 The Company performs an annual goodwill impairment test for each reporting unit on April 1, the measurement date and more frequently if indicators for potential impairment exist. 
 
 Due to the Company's underperformance of operating results relative to expectations and decline in the Company's stock price, the Company assessed the current and future economic outlook as of March 31, 2023. The evaluation began with a qualitative assessment of each reporting unit to determine if it was more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit was less than its carrying value. The qualitative assessment did not indicate that it was more likely than not that the fair value exceeded the carrying value in each of its six reporting units as of March 31, 2023 which led to a quantitative assessment for each of the Company's reporting units. The evaluation performed as of March 31, 2023 resulted in a goodwill impairment charge in the Company's Consumer Health reporting unit within the Pharma and Consumer Health segment. 
 
 For the impairment recorded in the three months ended March 31, 2023, the Company estimated the fair value of its reporting units using a combination of the income and market approaches. In performing the goodwill impairment test, the Company used a terminal revenue growth rate of and discount rates ranging from to in its estimation of fair value. The evaluations performed resulted in cumulative year to date impairment charges of million with respect to the Consumer Health reporting unit. 
 
 Subsequent to the quantitative assessment performed as of March 31, 2023, the Company performed qualitative assessments as of April 1, 2023, which yielded no indicators of impairment. 
 
 While the Company believes the assumptions it used were reasonable and commensurate with the views of a market participant, changes in key assumptions, including increasing the discount rate and, lowering forecasts for revenue and EBITDA margin, could lead to the conclusion that an additional impairment would be required. 
 Subsequent to June 30, 2023, as a result of the Consumer Health reporting unit's underperformance of recent operating results relative to expectations, the current macroeconomic conditions impacting the consumer health and biotechnology industries, and increased interest rates, the Company assessed the current and future economic outlook as of September 30, 2023 for its Consumer Health and Biomodalities reporting units in its Pharma and Consumer Health and Biologics segments, respectively, and identified indicators for impairment of goodwill. 
 The evaluation began with a qualitative assessment of each reporting unit to determine if it was more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit was less than its carrying value. The qualitative assessment did not indicate that it was more likely than not that the fair value exceeded the carrying value in its Consumer Health and Biomodalities reporting units, which led to a quantitative assessment for the corresponding reporting units. 
 For further details, see Note 20 , Subsequent Events, Impairment of Goodwill . 
 92 

5. 
 years ) Customer relationships years ) Product relationships years ) Other years ) Total other intangibles ) 
 June 30, 2022 Weighted Average Life Gross 
 Carrying 
 Value 
 Accumulated 
 Amortization 
 Net 
 Carrying 
 Value 
 Amortized intangibles: Core technology years ) Customer relationships years ) Product relationships years ) Other years ) Total other intangibles ) 
 Amortization expense was million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

6. 
 employees and incurred cumulative employee-related charges of 38 million, primarily associated with cash severance programs through June 30, 2023. 
 
 Restructuring costs for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 were recorded in Other operating (income) expense in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 93 

Facility exit and other costs Total restructuring costs 
 Fiscal Year Ended June 30, (Dollars in millions) 
 2023 2022 2021 Restructuring costs: Biologics Pharma and Consumer Health Non-segment (Corporate) Total restructuring costs 
 The following tables illustrates the change in the employee separation-related liability associated with the plans. 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Employee-related restructuring Balance, June 30, 2022 Charges to income Payments ) Balance, June 30, 2023 
 
 94 

7. LONG-TERM OBLIGATIONS AND SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS 
 Long-term obligations and short-term borrowings consist of the following at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022: 
 (Dollars in millions) Maturity as of June 30, 2023 
 June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 Senior secured credit facilities U.S dollar-denominated term loans (7.188 as of June 30, 2023) February 2028 Revolving credit facility (1) (7.427 as of June 30, 2023) 
 November 2027 5.000 senior notes due 2027 July 2027 2.375 euro senior notes due 2028 (2) 
 March 2028 3.125 senior notes due 2029 February 2029 3.500 senior notes due 2030 April 2030 Financing lease obligations 2024 to 2038 Other obligations (3) 
 2024 to 2028 Unamortized discount and debt issuance costs Total debt Less: current portion of long-term obligations and other short-term borrowings Long-term obligations, less current portion 
 (1) During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Company drew down million on its revolving credit facility to supplement operating cash flows and fund the Metrics acquisition, of which million was repaid during fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. The Company has elected to classify the borrowing on its revolving credit facility as current as it intends to repay a portion of the borrowing using cash flows from operations and/or refinance the borrowing within the next twelve months. 
 (2) The change in the carrying value of this euro-denominated debt was due to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 (3) The increase in other obligations is associated with million in proceeds from a failed sale-leaseback transaction that occurred in fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. 
 Senior Secured Credit Facilities and the Seventh and Eighth Amendments to the Credit Agreement 
 
 Operating Company is the borrower under an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated May 20, 2014 (as subsequently amended, the Credit Agreement ), which provides for senior secured credit facilities consisting of a term loan facility, a revolving credit facility (as amended, the Revolving Credit Facility ), and facilities for letters of credit and swing-line short-term borrowings. All of the term loans are U.S. dollar-denominated as of June 30, 2023, and borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility must be in dollars. The Credit Agreement includes customary representations by Operating Company, affirmative and negative covenants, events of default, and change of control provisions. The Credit Agreement also provides in customary fashion for (a) amortization payments with respect to, and events that may require partial or complete prepayment of, amounts borrowed under the term loan facility and (b) customary commitment fees on the unused commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility and customary letter of credit fees. 
 
 In November 2022, Operating Company entered into Amendment No. 7 (the Seventh Amendment to the Credit Agreement, pursuant to which Operating Company (i) terminated its existing revolving credit commitments (and the related outstanding revolving borrowings) and (ii) obtained billion aggregate amount of new revolving credit commitments, borrowing thereunder an amount equal to the previously outstanding borrowings under the terminated commitments in order to repay those commitments. The new commitments have an interest rate margin, at Operating Company s option, based on (1) the prime rate, plus a margin ranging from to based on Operating Company s consolidated leverage ratio or (2) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), plus , plus a margin ranging from to based on Operating Company s consolidated leverage ratio. The Revolving Credit Facility has a maturity date that is the earlier of (A) five years after November 22, 2022, and (B) the 91st day prior to the maturity of Operating Company s senior unsecured notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes or any permitted refinancing thereof, if on such 91st day, any of the 2027 Notes remains outstanding. 
 
 95 

In June 2023, Operating Company entered into Amendment No. 8 (the Eighth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, pursuant to which the SOFR benchmark replaced the LIBOR benchmark for determining the interest rate applicable to outstanding term loans. The Eighth Amendment includes a credit spread adjustment to the SOFR benchmark for loans with a 1-month interest period, a credit spread adjustment to the SOFR benchmark for loans with a 3-month interest period and a credit spread adjustment to the SOFR benchmark for loans with a 6-month interest period. 
 
 The Revolving Credit Facility requires compliance with a net leverage covenant when there is a 30 or more draw outstanding at a period end. As of June 30, 2023, the Company was in compliance with all material covenants under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 In addition to outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit facility, the available capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility is further reduced by the aggregate value of all outstanding letters of credit under the Credit Agreement. As of June 30, 2023, Operating Company had million of unutilized capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility, due to million in short-term borrowings outstanding and million of outstanding letters of credit. 
 5.000 Senior Notes due 2027 
 
 In June 2019, Operating Company completed a private offering of million aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes. The 2027 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by all of the wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries of Operating Company that guarantee its senior secured credit facilities. The 2027 Notes were offered in the U.S to qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and outside the U.S only to non-U.S. investors pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. The 2027 Notes will mature on July 15, 2027 and bear interest at the rate of per annum. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year. The proceeds of the 2027 Notes, after payment of the offering fees and expenses, were used to repay in full the borrowings under Operating Company s then-outstanding term loans, which would otherwise have matured in May 2024. 
 2.375 Euro-denominated Senior Notes due 2028 
 In March 2020, Operating Company completed a private offering of million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2028 (the "2028 Notes"). The 2028 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by all of the wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries of Operating Company that guarantee its senior secured credit facilities. The 2028 Notes were offered in the U.S. to qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act and outside the U.S. only to non-U.S. investors pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. The 2028 Notes will mature on March 1, 2028 and bear interest at the rate of per annum. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year, with the first payment on September 1, 2020. The proceeds of the 2028 Notes, after payment of the offering fees and expenses, were used to repay in full the borrowings then outstanding under Operating Company's euro-denominated term loans, which would have matured in May 2024, and repay in full Operating Company's euro-denominated Senior Notes due 2024, which would otherwise have matured in December 2024, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, with the remainder available for general corporate purposes. 
 3.125 Senior Notes due 2029 
 
 In February 2021, Operating Company completed a private offering of million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2029 (the 2029 Notes ). The 2029 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by all of the wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries of Operating Company that guarantee its senior secured credit facilities. The 2029 Notes will mature on February 15, 2029 and bear interest at the rate of per annum payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, with the first payment on August 15, 2021. The proceeds of the 2029 Notes, after payment of the offering fees and expenses, were used to repay in full the outstanding borrowings under Operating Company's Senior Notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes ), which would have otherwise matured in January 2026, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, with the remainder available for general corporate purposes. 
 3.500 Senior Notes due 2030 
 
 In September 2021, Operating Company completed a private offering of million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes and together with the 2027 Notes, the 2028 Notes, and the 2029 Notes, the Senior Notes ). The 2030 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by all of the wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries of Operating Company that guarantee its senior secured credit facilities. The 2030 Notes were offered in the U.S. to qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act and outside the U.S. only to non-U.S. investors pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. The 2030 Notes will mature on April 1, 2030 and bear interest at 
 96 

the rate of per annum payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, with the first payment on April 1, 2022. The proceeds of the 2030 Notes, after payment of the offering fees and expenses, were used to fund a portion of the consideration paid at the closing of the Bettera Wellness acquisition. 
 Deferred Purchase Consideration 
 In connection with the acquisition of Cook Pharmica LLC (now Catalent Indiana, LLC) in October 2017, million of the million aggregate nominal purchase price was payable in million installments, on each of the first four anniversaries of the closing date. The Company made installment payments in October 2018, October 2019, and October 2020, and the final payment was made in October 2021. 
 Long-Term and Other Obligations 
 Other obligations consist primarily of finance leases for buildings and other loans for business and working capital needs. million, and other short-term borrowings for future fiscal years are: 
 
 Debt Issuance Costs 
 Debt issuance costs associated with the Credit Agreement (other than its Revolving Credit Facility component) and the Senior Notes are presented as a reduction to the carrying value of the related debt, while debt issuance costs associated with the Revolving Credit Facility are capitalized within other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheets. All debt issuance costs are amortized over the life of the related obligation through charges to interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. The unamortized total debt issuance costs, including the costs associated with the Revolving Credit Facility capitalized within Other long-term assets, were million and million as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Amortization of debt issuance costs totaled million and million for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Guarantees and Security 
 Senior Secured Credit Facilities 
 All obligations under the Credit Agreement, and the guarantees of those obligations, are secured by substantially all of the following assets of Operating Company and each guarantor (Operating Company's parent entity, PTS Intermediate, and each of Operating Company's material domestic subsidiaries), subject to certain exceptions: 
 a pledge of of the capital stock of Operating Company and of the equity interests directly held by Operating Company and each guarantor in any wholly owned material subsidiary of Operating Company or any guarantor (which pledge, in the case of any non-U.S. subsidiary of a U.S. subsidiary, will not include more than of the voting stock of such non-U.S. subsidiary); and 
 a security interest in, and mortgages on, substantially all tangible and intangible assets of Operating Company and of each guarantor, subject to certain limited exceptions. 
 The Senior Notes 
 All obligations under the Senior Notes are general, unsecured, and subordinated to all existing and future secured indebtedness of the guarantors to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. Each of the Senior Notes is separately guaranteed by all of Operating Company's wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries that guarantee the senior secured credit facilities. None of the Senior Notes is guaranteed by either PTS Intermediate or the Company. 
 Debt Covenants 
 Senior Secured Credit Facilities 
 The Credit Agreement contains covenants that, among other things, restrict, subject to certain exceptions, Operating Company s (and Operating Company s restricted subsidiaries ability to incur additional indebtedness or issue certain preferred shares; create liens on assets; engage in mergers and consolidations; sell assets; pay dividends and distributions or repurchase capital stock; repay subordinated indebtedness; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; make investments, 
 97 

loans or advances; make certain acquisitions; enter into sale and leaseback transactions; amend material agreements governing Operating Company's subordinated indebtedness and change Operating Company's lines of business. 
 Subject to certain exceptions, the Credit Agreement permits Operating Company and its restricted subsidiaries to incur certain additional indebtedness, including secured indebtedness. None of Operating Company s non-U.S. subsidiaries nor its dormant Puerto Rico subsidiary is a guarantor of the loans. 
 Under the Credit Agreement, Operating Company s ability to engage in certain activities such as incurring certain additional indebtedness, making certain investments, and paying certain dividends is tied to ratios based on Adjusted EBITDA (which is defined as Consolidated EBITDA in the Credit Agreement). Adjusted EBITDA is based on the definitions in the Credit Agreement, is not defined under U.S. GAAP, and is subject to important limitations. 
 The Senior Notes 
 The various indentures governing the Senior Notes (collectively, the Indentures contain covenants that, among other things, limit the ability of Operating Company and its restricted subsidiaries to incur or guarantee more debt or issue certain preferred shares; pay dividends on, repurchase, or make distributions in respect of their capital stock or make other restricted payments; make certain investments; sell certain assets; create liens; consolidate, merge, sell; or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of their assets; enter into certain transactions with their affiliates, and designate their subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries. These covenants are subject to a number of exceptions, limitations, and qualifications as set forth in the Indentures. The Indentures also contain customary events of default, including, but not limited to, nonpayment, breach of covenants, and payment or acceleration defaults in certain other indebtedness of Operating Company or certain of its subsidiaries. Upon an event of default, either the holders of at least 30 in principal amount of each of the then-outstanding Senior Notes or the applicable trustee under the Indentures may declare the applicable notes immediately due and payable; or in certain circumstances, the applicable notes will automatically become immediately due and payable. As of June 30, 2023, Operating Company was in compliance with all material covenants under the Indentures. 
 Measurement of the Estimated Fair Value of Debt 
 
 The estimated fair values of the senior secured credit facilities and Senior Notes are classified as Level 2 (see Note 10, Fair Value Measurements for a description of the method by which fair value classifications are determined) in the fair value hierarchy and are calculated by using a discounted cash flow model with market interest rate as a significant input. 
 2.375 euro Senior Notes due 2028 Level 2 3.125 Senior Notes due 2029 Level 2 3.500 senior notes due 2030 Level 2 Senior secured credit facilities other Level 2 Subtotal Unamortized discount and debt issuance costs Total debt 
 
 8. (LOSS) EARNINGS PER SHARE 
 Effective as of the first quarter of fiscal 2023, the Company computes EPS using the treasury stock method. Prior to fiscal 2023, the Company computed EPS using the two-class method required due to the participating nature of the previously outstanding Series A Preferred Stock (as defined and discussed in Note 13, Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss ). 
 The weighted-average number of shares outstanding utilized in diluted EPS is computed using the weighted-average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding plus the number of shares of Common Stock that would be issued assuming exercise or conversion of all potentially dilutive instruments. Dilutive securities having an anti-dilutive effect on diluted EPS are excluded from the calculation. The dilutive effect of the securities that are issuable under the Company s equity incentive plans (see Note 14, Stock-Based Compensation are reflected in diluted EPS by application of the treasury stock method. Prior to fiscal 2023, the Company applied the if-converted method to compute the potentially dilutive effect of the Series A Preferred 
 98 

Stock. Less: Net earnings attributable to preferred shareholders ) Net earnings attributable to common shareholders ) Weighted average shares outstanding - basic Weighted average dilutive securities issuable - stock plans 
 Total weighted average shares outstanding - diluted (Loss) earnings per share: Basic ) Diluted ) 
 The Series A Preferred Stock was deemed a participating security, meaning that it had the right to participate in undistributed earnings with the Common Stock. On November 23, 2020 (the Partial Conversion Date ), the holders of Series A Preferred Stock converted shares and million of unpaid accrued dividends into shares of Common Stock. On November 18, 2021 (the Final Conversion Date ), the holders of Series A Preferred Stock converted the remaining shares of Series A Preferred Stock and million of unpaid accrued dividends into shares of Common Stock. 

9. 
 million (U.S. dollar equivalent), which qualifies as a hedge of a net investment in foreign operations. For non-derivatives designated and qualifying as net investment hedges, the effective portion of the translation gains or losses are reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as part of the cumulative translation adjustment. The unhedged portions of the translation gains or losses are reported in the consolidated statements of operations.) Unrealized foreign exchange loss within statement of operations ) 
 The net accumulated gain of this net investment hedge within accumulated other comprehensive loss was million as of June 30, 2023. Amounts are reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive loss into earnings when the entity in which the gains and losses reside is either sold or substantially liquidated. 
 99 

million in cash to Bank of America N.A to settle the 2020 Rate Swap. This loss is deferred in stockholders equity, net of income taxes, as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss, and amortized as an adjustment to interest expense, net over the original term of the formerly outstanding term loans. The net amount of deferred losses on cash flow hedges that is expected to be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss into interest expense, net within the next twelve months is not material. 
 
 In February 2021, the Company entered into a new interest-rate swap agreement with Bank of America N.A. (the 2021 Rate Swap that acted as a hedge against the economic effect of a portion of the variable-interest obligation associated with the Company's U.S. dollar-denominated term loans under its senior secured credit facilities. The 2021 Rate Swap effectively fixed the rate of interest payable on that portion of the term loans, thereby reducing the impact of future interest rate changes on future interest expense. As a result of the 2021 Rate Swap, the variable portion of the applicable interest rate on million of the U.S. dollar-denominated term loans was effectively fixed at . 
 
 To conform with the adoption of Topic 848, Reference Rate Reform and the Eighth Amendment , the Company amended the 2021 Rate Swap in June 2023 (the 2023 Rate Swap ). The 2023 Rate Swap continues to effectively fix the rate of interest payable on the same portion of our U.S. dollar-denominated term loans under our senior secured credit facilities. As a result of the 2023 Rate Swap, the variable portion of the applicable interest rate on million of the U.S. dollar-denominated term loans is now effectively fixed at . 
 
 The 2023 Rate Swap continues to qualify for a cash-flow hedge. The Company evaluates hedge effectiveness at the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis. The cash flows associated with the 2023 Rate Swap amendment is reported in cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. The unrealized gain recorded in stockholder's equity from marking the 2021 Rate Swap to market during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 was million. 
 
 Other long-term assets 
 
 10. 
 
 100 

Trading securities June 30, 2022 Assets: Marketable securities Interest-rate swap Trading securities 
 
 The fair value of the 2021 Rate Swap was determined, and the fair value of the 2023 Rate Swap will be determined, at the end of each reporting period based on valuation models that use interest rate yield curves and discount rates as inputs. The discount rates are based on U.S. deposit or U.S. Treasury rates. The significant inputs used in the valuation models are readily available in public markets or can be derived from observable market transactions, and the valuation is therefore classified as Level 2 in the fair-value hierarchy. 
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis 
 
 Long-lived assets, goodwill, and other intangible assets are subject to non-recurring fair value measurement for the evaluation of potential impairment. The carrying value of the Consumer Health reporting unit approximates its fair value as of June 30, 2023 following the impairment charge. Other than the valuation of the Consumer Health reporting unit, there was no non-recurring fair value measurement during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 101 

11. INCOME TAXES) Non-U.S. operations Total )) ) State and local ) Non-U.S. Total current expense Deferred: Federal ) State and local ) ) Non-U.S. ) ) Total deferred (benefit) expense ) Total (benefit) provision )) State and local income taxes ) Foreign tax rate differential ) ) ) Global intangible low tax income Other permanent items ) Unrecognized tax positions ) Tax valuation allowance ) Foreign tax credit ) ) ) Withholding tax and other foreign taxes Change in tax rate R D tax credit ) ) ) Swiss tax reform ) Other ) ) Total provision ) 
 The income tax provision for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 is not comparable to the provision in the prior year due to changes in the geographic mix of pretax income and losses, changes in the tax impact of permanent differences and credits, 
 102 

and the tax impact of discrete items. The higher effective tax rate on the global loss is primarily due to (i) research and development credits in the U.S., the recognition of deferred tax assets on the book impairment of tax deductible goodwill, and decreased earnings in non-U.S. jurisdictions with lower tax rates. This was partially offset by fixed permanent tax adjustments in the U.S. on lower income. In comparison, the lower effective tax rate on the prior year global income was partially the result of a net deferred benefit of million related to tax reform in Switzerland and related transition rules (collectively, Swiss Tax Reform and additional foreign tax credits in the U.S. due to amended prior-year returns. 
 
 The Company intends to repatriate foreign earnings taxed in prior fiscal years as a result of the changes imposed by the 2017 U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. In addition to these foreign earnings previously taxed, as of June 30, 2023, for purposes of ASC 740-10-25-3, the Company had million of undistributed earnings from non-U.S. subsidiaries that it intends to reinvest permanently in its non-U.S. operations. As these ASC 740-10-25-3 earnings are considered permanently reinvested, no tax provision has been accrued. It is not feasible to estimate the amount of tax that might be payable on the eventual remittance of such earnings. 
 Equity compensation Loss and tax credit carryforwards Foreign currency Pension Interest-related Deferred revenue Lease liabilities 
 Euro-denominated debt Other Total deferred income tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred income tax assets Fiscal Year Ended June 30, (Dollars in millions) 2023 2022 Deferred income tax liabilities: Euro-denominated debt ) Property-related ) ) Goodwill and other intangibles ) ) Right-of-use assets ) ) Other ) Total deferred income tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 103 

Non-current deferred tax liability ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 At June 30, 2023, the Company had federal net operating loss NOL carryforwards of million, million of which are subject to limitations under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Internal Revenue Code ). The majority of the million federal NOL carryforwards subject to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code are attributed to the Company's acquisitions of Pharmatek Laboratories, Inc., Juniper Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Paragon Bioservices, Inc., MastherCell Global Inc. MaSTherCell ), and Metrics. As of June 30, 2023, million of the Company's federal NOL carryforwards have an indefinite life and the remaining NOL carryforwards will expire in fiscal years 2037 through 2038. 
 At June 30, 2023, the Company had state tax NOL carryforwards of million. Substantially all state NOL carryforwards have a twenty -year carryforward period. At June 30, 2023, the Company had non-U.S. tax NOL carryforwards of million, a majority of which are available for at least three years or have an indefinite carryforward period. 
 The Company had valuation allowances of million and million as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, against its deferred tax assets. The Company considered all available evidence, both positive and negative, in assessing the need for a valuation allowance against tax assets. Four possible sources of taxable income were evaluated when assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets: 
 carrybacks of existing NOLs (if and to the extent permitted under the tax law); 
 future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences; 
 tax planning strategies; and 
 future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards. 
 While the valuation allowance related to certain U.S. combined states was released during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2019, there remained as of June 30, 2023 a valuation allowance for the NOLs and deductible temporary differences in the remaining combined and separate states of million. The state valuation allowance as of June 30, 2023 is due to the Company s history of tax losses and anticipated loss utilization rates in separate filing status states as well as the difference in the rules related to allocated and apportioned income for separate filing status states versus combined filing status states. 
 
 The Company considered the need to maintain a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets based on management s assessment of whether it is more likely than not that the Company would realize the value of its deferred tax assets based on future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences and the ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryforward period available under the applicable tax laws. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Company established valuation allowances on NOLs and temporary differences related to certain Belgian and Japanese operations in the aggregate amount of million. 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company's income taxes are subject to audits by federal, state, and foreign tax authorities, some of which are ongoing and may result in proposed assessments. Germany and the U.K. are among the jurisdictions where the Company has substantial tax positions. The Company is no longer subject to examinations by the relevant tax authorities for years prior to fiscal 2009. The Company s estimate for the potential outcome for any uncertain tax issue is highly judgmental. The Company assesses its income tax positions and records benefits for all years subject to examination based upon management s evaluation of the facts, circumstances, and information available at the reporting date. For those tax positions for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, the Company records the amount that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon resolution with the taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information based on the technical merit. Interest and penalties are accrued, where applicable. 
 104 

As of June 30, 2023, the Company had a total of million of unrecognized tax benefits. 
 Additions for tax positions of prior years Lapse of the applicable statute of limitations ) Balance at June 30, 2021 Additions for tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Settlements ) Lapse of the applicable statute of limitations ) Balance at June 30, 2022 Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) Settlements ) Lapse of the applicable statute of limitations ) Balance at June 30, 2023 
 All of the unrecognized tax benefits as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 would, if subsequently recognized, favorably affect the effective income tax rate. 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. As of June 30, 2023, the Company has of accrued interest related to uncertain tax positions, with a reduction from the prior year, as a result of statute of limitations lapses and settlements. The Company had million of accrued interest related to uncertain tax positions as of both June 30, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 12. 
 million as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. The annual cash impact associated with the Company s long-term obligation arising from this plan is million per year. 
 105 

Change in Benefit Obligation Benefit obligation at beginning of year Company service cost Interest cost Employee contributions Settlements ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Actuarial gain (1) 
 ) ) Exchange rate gain (loss) ) Benefit obligation at end of year Change in Plan Assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) ) Company contributions Employee contributions Settlements ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Exchange rate gain (loss) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded Status Funded status at end of year ) ) ) ) Net pension liability ) ) ) ) 
 (1) For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, the actuarial gain is driven by a large increase in the aggregate discount rate. 
 106 

107 

Current liabilities ) ) Noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) ) Total liability ) ) ) ) Amounts Recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Prior service cost ) ) Net loss (gain) ) ) Total accumulated other comprehensive loss (income) at the end of the fiscal year ) ) Additional Information for Plan with ABO or PBO in Excess of Plan Assets Projected benefit obligation Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost Service cost Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) Amortization of unrecognized: Net loss Settlement/curtailment expense Net periodic benefit cost 
 
 108 

) Exchange rate loss recognized during the year Total recognized in other comprehensive income ) Total Recognized in Net Periodic Benefit Cost and Other Comprehensive Income Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income ) Estimated Amounts to be Amortized from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income into Net Periodic Benefit Cost Amortization of: Net loss Financial Assumptions Used to Determine Benefit Obligations at the Balance Sheet Date Discount rate ) Rate of compensation increases ) n/a n/a Financial Assumptions Used to Determine Net Periodic Benefit Cost for Financial Year Discount rate ) Rate of compensation increases ) n/a n/a Expected long-term rate of return ) n/a n/a Expected Future Contributions Fiscal year 2024 
 109 

2025 2026 2027 2028 2029-2033 Actual Asset Allocation ) Cash Equities Government bonds Corporate bonds Property Insurance contracts Other Total Actual Asset Allocation (Amount) Cash Equities Government bonds Corporate bonds Property Insurance contracts Other Total Target Asset Allocation ) Cash Equities Government bonds Corporate bonds Property Insurance contracts Other Total 
 The Company's Investment Committee employs a building-block approach in determining the long-term rate of return for plan assets, with proper consideration of diversification and rebalancing. Historical markets are studied and long-term historical relationships between equities and fixed income are preserved consistent with the widely accepted capital market principle that assets with higher volatility generate a greater return over the long run. Current market factors such as inflation and interest rates are evaluated before long-term capital market assumptions are determined. Peer data are reviewed to check for reasonability and appropriateness. 
 110 

Debt securities Real estate Other (1) 
 Total 
 (1) Other, as of June 30, 2023, included million of investments in hedge funds related to the Company's U.K. pension plan, which were classified as Level 2. 
 Debt securities Real estate Other (1) 
 Total 
 (1) Other, as of June 30, 2022, included million of investments in hedge funds related to the Company's U.K. pension plan, which were classified as Level 2. 
 Level 3 other assets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 consist of an insurance contract in the U.K. to fulfill the benefit obligations for a portion of the participant benefits. The value of this commitment is determined using the same assumptions and methods used to value the pension liability of the associated plan. Level 3 other assets for the same periods also include the partial funding of a pension liability relating to current and former employees of the Company s Eberbach, Germany facility through a Company promissory note with an annual rate of interest of . The value of this commitment fluctuates due to contributions and benefit payments in addition to loan interest. 
 111 

Actual return on plan assets: Relating to assets still held at the reporting date Purchases, sales, settlements, contributions and benefits paid ) ) ) Transfers in or out of Level 3, net Ending Balance at June 30, 2023 
 The Company's investment policy reflects the long-term nature of the plans funding obligations. The assets are invested to provide the opportunity for both income and growth of principal. This objective is pursued as a long-term goal designed to provide required benefits for participants without undue risk. It is expected that this objective can be achieved through a well-diversified asset portfolio. All equity investments are made within the guidelines of quality, marketability, and diversification mandated by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (for plans subject to the act) and other relevant legal requirements. Investment managers are directed to maintain equity portfolios at a risk level approximately equivalent to that of the specific benchmark established for that portfolio. Assets invested in fixed income securities and pooled fixed-income portfolios are managed actively to pursue opportunities presented by changes in interest rates, credit ratings, or maturity premiums. 
 Healthcare cost trend rate ultimate ) Pre-65 n/a n/a Post-65 Year in which ultimate rates are reached Pre-65 n/a n/a Post-65 

13. EQUITY AND ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 Description of Capital Stock 
 The Company is authorized to issue billion shares of its Common Stock and million shares of preferred stock, par value per share. In accordance with the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, each share of Common Stock has one vote, and the Common Stock votes together as a single class. 
 Public Offerings of Common Stock 
 On June 15, 2020, the Company completed a public offering (the June 2020 Equity Offering ), in which the Company sold million shares of Common Stock at a price of per share, net of underwriting discounts and commissions. The Company obtained total net proceeds from the June 2020 Equity Offering of million after the payment of associated offering expenses, which were used to repay million of prophylactic borrowings from the third quarter of fiscal 2020 under the Revolving Credit Facility, with the remainder available for general corporate purposes. On July 10, 2020, the underwriter for the June 2020 Equity Offering exercised its over-allotment option on million additional shares, resulting in 
 112 

additional net proceeds of million from the June 2020 Equity Offering, which were recorded in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. 
 On February 6, 2020, the Company completed a public offering (the February 2020 Equity Offering ), in which the Company sold million shares of Common Stock at a price of per share, net of underwriting discounts and commissions. The Company obtained total net proceeds from the February 2020 Equity Offering of million after the payment of associated offering expenses, which were used to repay million of borrowings earlier in the quarter under the Revolving Credit Facility and the consideration for the MaSTherCell acquisition due at its closing, with the remainder available for general corporate purposes. 
 Formerly Outstanding Redeemable Preferred Stock 
 In May 2019, the Company designated million shares of its preferred stock, par value , as its Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ), pursuant to a certificate of designation of preferences, rights, and limitations and issued and sold shares of the Series A Preferred Stock for an aggregate price of million, to affiliates of Leonard Green Partners, L.P., each share having an stated value of . 
 Proceeds from the offering of the Series A Preferred Stock, net of stock issuance costs, were million, of which million was allocated to the dividend-adjustment feature at its issuance and separately accounted for as a derivative liability. Each change in the fair value of derivative liability during a fiscal quarter was recorded as a non-operating expense in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 As described in Note 8, (Loss) Earnings per Share , on the Partial Conversion Date, holders of Series A Preferred Stock converted shares (approximately 41 of their holdings) and million of unpaid accrued dividends into shares of Common Stock. The holders received shares of Common Stock for each converted preferred share, resulting in the issuance of shares of Common Stock. The Company recognized no gain or loss upon the Partial Conversion. 
 
 As a result of the Partial Conversion, additional paid in capital increased million, which included million related to the fair value of the portion of the derivative liability that was settled upon the Partial Conversion and million related to the unpaid accrued dividend. 
 
 On the Final Conversion Date, holders of Series A Preferred Stock converted the remaining shares and million of unpaid accrued dividends into shares of Common Stock. These holders received shares of Common Stock for each converted share of Series A Preferred Stock, resulting in the issuance of shares of Common Stock. The Company recognized no gain or loss upon the Final Conversion. 
 
 As a result of the Final Conversion, additional paid in capital increased million, which included million related to the fair value of the portion of the derivative liability that was settled upon the Final Conversion and million related to the unpaid accrued dividend. 
 
 Following the Final Conversion Date, no share of the Series A Preferred Stock remained outstanding, and the Company re-assigned all of the authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock as undesignated shares of preferred stock. 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 113 

) Long-term inter-company loans ) Translation adjustments ) Total foreign currency translation adjustments, pretax ) Tax (benefit) expense ) ) Total foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax ) Net change in derivatives and hedges: Net gain recognized during the year, pretax Tax expense Net change in derivatives and hedges, net of tax Net change in minimum pension liability: Net (loss) gain recognized during the year, pretax ) Tax (benefit) expense ) Net change in minimum pension liability, net of tax Net change in marketable securities: Net gain (loss) recognized during the year, pretax ) ) Tax expense Net change in marketable securities, net of tax ) ) 
 F) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) Balance at June 30, 2021 ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from other comprehensive loss Balance at June 30, 2022 ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from other comprehensive loss Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) 
 
 114 

14. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 
 The Company s stock-based compensation is comprised of stock options, restricted stock units, performance-based restricted stock units, and restricted stock. 
 2014 and 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plans 
 In 2014, the Company s board of directors adopted, and the holder of a majority of the shares approved, the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2014 Plan ). The 2014 Plan provided certain members of management, employees, and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries with the opportunity to obtain various incentives, including grants of stock options, restricted stock units (defined below), and restricted stock. In October 2018, the Company s shareholders approved the 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2018 Plan ), and, as a result, new awards may no longer be issued under the 2014 Plan, although it remains in effect as to any previously granted award. The 2018 Plan is substantially similar to the 2014 Plan, except that (a) a total of shares of Common Stock (subject to adjustment) may be issued under the 2018 Plan, (b) each share of Common Stock issuable under the 2018 Plan pursuant to a restricted stock or restricted stock unit award will reduce the number of reserved shares by shares, and (c) the 2018 Plan imposes a limit on the aggregate value of awards that may be made in a single year to a non-employee director. Both the 2014 Plan and the 2018 Plan permit net settlement of vested awards, pursuant to which the award holder forfeits a portion of the vested award to satisfy the purchase price (in the case of options), the holder s withholding tax obligation, if any (in all cases), or both. Where the holder net-settles the tax obligation, the Company pays the amount of the withholding tax to the U.S. government in cash, which is accounted for as an adjustment to Additional paid in capital. 
 Stock Compensation Expense 
 Stock compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of operations was million, million, and million in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Stock compensation expense is classified in selling, general, and administrative expenses as well as cost of sales. The Company has elected to account for forfeitures as they occur. 
 Stock Options 
 Stock options granted under the 2018 Plan, during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 represent approximately , , and shares of Common Stock, respectively. Each stock option granted under the 2018 Plan vests in equal annual installments over a four-year period from the date of grant, contingent upon the participant s continued employment with the Company. 
 Methodology and Assumptions 
 All outstanding stock options have an exercise price per share equal to the fair market value of one share of Common Stock on the date of grant. All outstanding stock options have a contractual term of years, subject to forfeiture under certain conditions upon separation of employment. The grant-date fair value is recognized as expense on a graded-vesting basis over the vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model for service and performance-based awards, and an adaptation of the Black-Scholes-Merton option valuation model, which takes into consideration the internal rate of return thresholds, for market-based awards. This model adaptation is essentially equivalent to the use of a path dependent-lattice model. 
 Expected life (in years) Risk-free interest rate Dividend yield 
 Public trading of the Common Stock commenced only in July 2014, and, as a result, there was only limited relevant historical volatility experience available; therefore, the expected volatility assumptions for fiscal year 2021 were based on the historical volatility of the closing share prices of a comparable peer group. The Company selected peer companies from the pharmaceutical industry with similar characteristics, including market capitalization, number of employees and product focus. In addition, since the Company did not have a pattern of exercise behavior of option holders, for fiscal year 2021, the Company used the simplified method to determine the expected life of each option, which is the mid-point between the vesting 
 115 

date and the end of the contractual term. Effective in fiscal year 2022, the expected volatility and expected holding period were based on the historical volatility and historical holding period of the Common Stock of the Company. The risk-free interest rate for the expected life of the option is based on the comparable U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of stock options in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 was per share, per share, and per share, respectively. 
 Granted Exercised Forfeited Expired / Canceled Outstanding as of June 30, 2023 Vested/expected to vest as of June 30, 2023 Vested and exercisable as of June 30, 2023 
 The intrinsic value of the options exercised in fiscal 2023 was million. The total fair value of options vested during the period was million. 
 The intrinsic value of the options exercised in fiscal 2022 was million. The total fair value of options vested during the period was million. 
 As of June 30, 2023, million of unrecognized compensation cost related to granted and not forfeited stock options is expected to be recognized as expense over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units 
 The Company may grant to employees and members of its board of directors under the 2018 Plan (and formerly granted under the 2014 Plan) shares of restricted stock and units each representing the right to one share of Common Stock restricted stock units ). Since the IPO, the Company has granted to employees and directors restricted stock units and restricted stock that vest over specified periods as well as restricted stock units and restricted stock that have certain performance-related vesting requirements performance share units and performance shares, respectively). The restricted stock and restricted stock units granted during fiscal 2023 and 2022 had grant date fair values aggregating million and million, respectively, which represent approximately and shares of Common Stock, respectively. Under the 2014 Plan or 2018 Plan, as appropriate, the performance shares and performance share units vest upon achieving Company financial performance metrics established at the outset of the three-year performance period associated with each grant. The metrics for the fiscal 2021, 2022, and 2023 performance share unit grants were based on performance against a mix of adjusted EPS targets and relative total shareholder return RTSR targets. Note that adjusted EPS is calculated as a quotient of tax-effected Adjusted EBITDA by the weighted average number of fully diluted shares, a financial measure that is not defined under U.S. GAAP and is subject to important limitations. The performance share units vest following the end of their respective three-year performance periods upon a determination of achievement relative to the targets. Each quarter during the period in which the performance share units are outstanding, the Company estimates the likelihood of such achievement by the end of the performance period in order to determine the probability of vesting. The number of shares actually earned at the end of the three-year period for the fiscal 2021, 2022, and 2023 grants will vary, based only on actual performance, from 0 to 200 , or from 0 to 150 , of the target number of performance share units specified on the date of grant, in the case of the adjusted EPS and RTSR grants, respectively. Time-based restricted stock units and restricted stock generally vest on the second or third anniversary of the date of grant, subject to the participant s continued employment with the Company. 
 Methodology and Assumptions - Expense Recognition and Grant Date Fair Value 
 The fair values of (a) time-based restricted stock units and restricted stock are recognized as straight-line expense on a cliff-vesting schedule over the applicable vesting period and (b) performance shares and performance share units are re-assessed quarterly as discussed above. 
 116 

The grant date fair values of both time-based stock and units and performance-based shares and units are determined based on the number of shares of Common Stock subject to the grants and the fair value of the Common Stock on the dates of the grants, as determined by the closing market prices. 
 Time-Based Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Stock 
 Granted Vested Cancelled/forfeited Unvested as of June 30, 2023 
 
 Target Number Granted Target Number Vested Target Number Cancelled/forfeited Target Number Unvested as of June 30, 2023 
 
 117 

- - Expected life (in years) - - Risk-free interest rates - - Dividend yield 
 Target Number Granted Target Number Vested Target Number Cancelled/forfeited Target Number Unvested as of June 30, 2023 
 As of June 30, 2023, million of unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock and restricted stock units (including performance shares and performance share units, respectively) is expected to be recognized as expense over a weighted-average period of approximately years. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of restricted stock and restricted stock units in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 was per share, per share, and per share, respectively. The fair value of restricted stock units vested in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 15. 
 Foreign currency (gains) losses (2) 
 ) Other (3) 
 ) ) Total other (income) expense, net ) 
 (1) million of financing charges related to a tranche of U.S. dollar-denominated term loans under its senior secured credit facilities. 
 million of previously capitalized financing charges related to the Company s repayment of U.S. dollar-denominated term loans and the 2026 Notes in February 2021, (b) million of financing charges related to the issuance of an earlier tranche of the Company's U.S dollar-denominated term loans, and (c) an million premium on early redemption of the 2026 Notes. 
 (2) 
 million, and million, respectively, related to the fair value of the derivative liability associated with the formerly outstanding Series A Preferred Stock. 
 118 

16. 
 Operating leases Other long-term assets Current lease liabilities: Finance leases Current portion of long-term obligations and other short-term borrowings Operating leases Other accrued liabilities Non-current lease liabilities: Finance leases Long-term obligations, less current portion Operating leases Other liabilities 
 119 

Interest on lease liabilities Total Operating lease costs Variable lease costs Total lease costs 
 The short-term lease cost amounted to million during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. 
 120 

Operating leases Weighted average discount rate: Finance leases Operating leases 
 Operating cash flows used for finance leases Operating cash flows used for operating leases Non-cash transactions: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: interest Total lease liabilities 
 
 17. 
 121 

18. 
 122 

Pharma and Consumer Health Subtotal Reconciling items to net (loss) earnings Unallocated costs (1) 
 ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Net (loss) earnings ) 
 (1) 
 (Dollars in millions) Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 2021 Impairment charges and gain/loss on sale of assets (a) 
 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) ) Restructuring and other special items (b) 
 ) ) ) Goodwill impairment charges (c) 
 ) Gain on sale of subsidiary (d) 
 Other income (expense), net (e) 
 ) ) Non-allocated corporate costs, net ) ) ) Total unallocated costs ) ) 
 (a) For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, impairment charges are primarily associated with an idle facility in the Biologics segment and obsolete equipment that could not be sold or repurposed in the Pharma and Consumer Health segment. 
 In the three months ended June 30, 2023, the Company identified an indicator of impairment related to one of its facilities in the Biologics segment given the plans to pause any additional spend on site development due to a lack of demand, leading to a partial impairment charge of million. The Company primarily utilized a market and income approach for real property and a cost approach for personal property to record the partial impairment on its idle facility. Impairment charges are recorded in Other operating expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Also, in the three months ended June 30, 2023, the Company identified an indicator of impairment related to obsolete equipment from a terminated project in the Pharma and Consumer Health segment, leading to a full impairment charge of million. 
 For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, impairment charges are primarily due to fixed asset impairment charges associated with dedicated equipment for a product the Company no longer manufactures in its Pharma and Consumer Health segment and obsolete equipment in its Biologics segment. 
 (b) Restructuring and other special items for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 includes (i) restructuring charges associated with plans to reduce costs, consolidate facilities, and optimize our infrastructure across the organization and (ii) transaction and integration costs associated with the Metrics acquisition 
 123 

(c) The goodwill impairment charges for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 was associated with the Company s Consumer Health reporting unit. For further details, see Note 4, Goodwill . 
 (d) Gain on sale of subsidiary for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 was due to the sale of the Company s facility and Blow-Fill-Seal business in Woodstock, Illinois. 
 (e) 
 Pharma and Consumer Health Corporate and eliminations Total assets 
 Pharma and Consumer Health Corporate Total capital expenditures 

Europe Other Total 
 
 For further details on segment and geographic information, see Note 2, Revenue Recognition . 
 
 19. 
 124 

Work-in-process Total inventories, gross Inventory cost adjustment (1) 
 ) ) Total inventories 
 
 (1) Increase in inventory cost adjustment is primarily associated with inventory write-offs resulting from the terminations of certain take-or-pay arrangements. 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other 
 Short-term contract assets Spare parts supplies Prepaid income tax Non-U.S. value-added tax Other current assets Total prepaid expenses and other 
 Property, plant, and equipment, net 
 Machinery and equipment Furniture and fixtures Construction in progress Property, plant, and equipment, at cost Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant, and equipment, net 
 Other long-term assets 
 Note receivable Pension assets Corporate-owned life insurance policies Venture capital investments Interest-rate swap Long-term contract assets Other Total other long-term assets 
 125 

Accrued employee-related expenses Accrued expenses Operating lease liabilities Restructuring accrual Accrued interest Accrued income tax Total other accrued liabilities 
 
 20. 
 
 million associated with the Company's Consumer Health and Biomodalities reporting units in its Pharma and Consumer Health and Biologics segments, respectively. The impairment charges also generated additional deferred tax assets to the extent of the tax goodwill remaining in the reporting units being impaired. The additional deferred tax assets measured against the deferred tax liabilities at the Company s domestic sites, along with the Company s forecast losses triggered in part by the impairment charge itself, resulted in a million valuation allowance to be recorded against the U.S. Federal and state net deferred tax assets for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 126 

Restructuring 
 In October 2023, and in connection with the Company's restructuring plans, the Company committed to a plan to close operations at its San Francisco facility and to transfer those operations to other sites within its network. The costs associated with this site closure are under evaluation, which may affect the amount and expected timing of costs and associated payments. The Company expects to incur cash and non-cash charges of at least million in connection with the site closure, primarily related to accelerated depreciation of the facility in the second half of fiscal 2024. The estimated charges are subject to a number of assumptions, and actual results may differ materially from this initial estimate. 
 127 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our periodic reports under the Exchange Act, such as this Annual Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognizes that any set of controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of June 30, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective, due to the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting form a set of policies and procedures designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 Our internal control over financial reporting include policies and procedures that: 
 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions relating to our business and dispositions of our assets; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of inherent limitations regarding the nature of controls, no set of internal control over financial reporting can guarantee that it will prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because either conditions change or the degree of compliance with our policies and procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023. In making this assessment, management used the framework set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, our management concluded that, as of June 30, 2023, our internal control over financial reporting were not effective because of the unremediated material weaknesses described below. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report, which is included in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ." 
 
 Material Weaknesses in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 128 

A material weakness (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 Previously disclosed Material Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Revenue recognition 
 
 As previously disclosed, management identified during the preparation of our unaudited consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended March 31, 2023 a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting relating to the year ended June 30, 2022, which remained unremediated as of June 30, 2023. 
 
 We did not maintain effective controls over the appropriateness of revenue recognition related to modifications of customer agreements at our Bloomington, Indiana facility. Specifically, we did not maintain effective controls to properly identify and assess the accounting treatment of modifications to arrangements that were accounted for under ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . The reviewer had insufficient knowledge of the requirements of the ASC 606 revenue recognition accounting model, and therefore the review procedures were not performed with the necessary level of competence to prevent or detect a material misstatement on a timely basis. 
 
 Furthermore, the compensating control to review the accounting assessments for contract modifications was not sufficiently designed to detect accounting misstatements. 
 
 Material Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Consolidated financial statement close process 
 
 We did not maintain effective internal control over the evaluation and accounting of certain complex and non-routine transactions. Due to an insufficient complement of technical resources within its corporate accounting function, management was unable to complete its evaluation of certain complex non-routine transactions in a timely manner. Specifically, management did not adequately prepare and maintain sufficient evidence of management s review of (i) significant assumptions, relating to the interim goodwill and long-lived assets impairment assessments as of March 31, 2023, (ii) the evaluation of indicators and assessment of impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets as of June 30, 2023, and (iii) the evaluation of the accounting, measurement and disclosure of events occurring subsequent to the balance sheet date, specifically management s evaluation of disclosure and the related measurement of a goodwill impairment charge disclosed in the subsequent events footnote. 
 
 Material Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Inventory reconciliation 
 
 We did not maintain effective internal controls over inventory reconciliation at our Baltimore, Maryland facility. Specifically, we did not implement and design controls at an appropriate level of precision to (i) properly recognize certain third party costs on the balance sheet separately from the inventory balance, (ii) properly and timely update our perpetual inventory subledger to value inventory at lower of cost or market, and (iii) reconcile our perpetual inventory subledger to the related general ledger accounts. 
 
 Plan to Remediate Material Weakness in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Revenue recognition 
 
 The Company, with oversight by the Audit Committee of the Board, is devoting significant time, attention, and resources to remediating the revenue modification material weakness in our internal control over financing reporting described above. As of June 30, 2023, we had initiated the following steps intended to remediate this material weakness and strengthen our internal controls over financial reporting: 
 
 Hiring additional technical accounting resources within our Bloomington, Indiana site and within the corporate controllership group. 
 Enhancing the design of our management review controls relating to the accounting for contract modifications, including offered concessions. 
 Additional training for our executive leadership team, and other critical customer-facing personnel, on revenue recognition principles, including contract modifications relating to offered concessions. 
 
 We plan to continue to devote significant time and attention to remediate this material weakness as soon as reasonably practicable. We believe these actions will be sufficient to remediate the identified material weakness and strengthen our internal control over financial reporting; however, there can be no guarantee that such remediation will be sufficient. We will continue to monitor the design and effectiveness of these and other processes, procedures, and controls and make any further change 
 129 

management determines appropriate. We expect to complete the remediation of this material weakness by the third quarter of fiscal 2024, although no assurance can be given regarding the time and effort needed to complete the remediation. 
 
 Plan to Remediate Material Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Consolidated financial statement close process 
 
 The Company, with oversight by the Audit Committee of the Board, is actively developing and implementing a comprehensive remediation plan that will include the following key initiatives: 
 
 We have already engaged temporary third-party resources with the appropriate level of technical knowledge and experience in accounting related to complex non-routine transactions and the related internal control activities to complement the existing corporate accounting resources. 
 We plan to hire, develop and retain incremental full-time personnel with appropriate accounting and internal control expertise. 
 We will review and update (as appropriate) our methodologies, policies and procedures designed to ensure we are able to more timely address our evaluation of complex non-routine transactions, including the related evidence of management s review of the significant assumptions used in those evaluations. 
 We will review and update (as appropriate) our training programs related to the relevant internal control over financial reporting matters pertaining to complex non-routine transactions. 
 
 Plan to Remediate Material Weakness in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Inventory reconciliation 
 
 Management, with oversight by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company , has updated our design of controls for the valuation of inventory at our Baltimore location. 
 
 Remediation of Previously Reported Material Weakness in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 As previously disclosed, during the third quarter of fiscal 2023, we identified and disclosed in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on June 12, 2023 a material weakness related to our internal control over financial reporting resulting from ineffective information technology general controls ITGCs in the areas of user access management (privileged and regular users), application change management, operating system/database logical access controls, and segregation of duties for key information technology IT systems that support our financial reporting processes. As a result, the related process-level IT dependent controls and application controls were also ineffective. 
 
 As previously disclosed, we immediately terminated the privileged and regular user access related to the individuals who no longer required such access and developed the following plans to complete the remediation of this IT material weakness: 
 
 increased automation of manual controls; 
 developed and implemented additional training and awareness programs addressing ITGCs and policies, including regarding educating control owners concerning the principles and requirements of each control, with a focus on understanding user access and program changes; 
 strengthened the review process by adding additional reviews and approvals; and 
 provided regular updates to the Audit Committee on the remediation efforts. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we successfully implemented the actions necessary to remediate the control deficiency, and completed the testing necessary to conclude that this material weakness has been remediated. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We are taking actions to complete the remediation of the remaining material weaknesses relating to our internal control over financial reporting, as described above. Except as otherwise described herein, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting . 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 New Severance Arrangements 
 
 130 

On December 8, 2023, the Company entered into new severance agreements with each of Matti Masanovich, Aris Gennadios, and Ricky Hopson (each a Severance Agreement ). The new Severance Agreements provide that in the event of a termination by the Company without cause or by the executive for good reason within 18 months following a change in control, the executive would be entitled to increased cash severance equal to two times the sum of annual base salary plus target annual bonus, payable in equal installments over the one-year period following the date of termination, subject to entering into a release of claims and certain other terms and conditions. In addition, the new Severance Agreements provide that if any of the payments provided for under such Severance Agreement or otherwise payable to the individual would constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code and would be subject to the related excise tax under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code, then such individual will be entitled to receive either full payment of benefits or such lesser amount that would result in no portion of the benefits being subject to the excise tax, whichever results in the greater amount of after-tax benefits to such individual. The new Severance Agreements also include certain technical changes to the prior severance agreements with the executives, but otherwise are substantially the same as prior severance agreements. The foregoing description of the Severance Agreements does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Severance Agreements, a form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.9 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Trading Arrangements 
 
 During the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2023, our directors and officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act adopted or terminated the contracts, instructions or written plans for the purchase or sale of our securities as set forth in the table below: 
 
 Trading Arrangement 
 Name and Title 
 Action 
 Date 
 Rule10b5-1 
 Non-Rule 10b5-1 
 Total Shares of Common Stock to be Sold 
 Expiration Date 
 Scott Gunther, Senior Vice President of Quality Regulatory Affairs 
 Adopt 
 June 16, 2023 
 X 
 Up to 1,286 shares (1) 
 October 3, 2023 
 
 Intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) 
 None-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. 
 
 (1) Represents up to 50 of the shares scheduled to vest under a restricted stock unit award and two performance share unit awards (the PSUs granted to the executive officer (after the sale of shares to cover any applicable taxes). The shares included under the PSUs are an estimate, and the actual number of shares to be sold will depend on the value of the stock on the day the PSUs vests. 
 
 None of the trades anticipated under this trading plan were executed. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Information Regarding Directors 
 
 Set forth below is certain information with respect to our current directors as of December 8, 2023. 
 
 131 

Madhavan Madhu Balachandran Director since 2017 Age: 72 Madhu Balachandran has been a member of the Board since May 2017. Mr. Balachandran was Chief Operating Officer of Nutcracker Therapeutics, a developer of mRNA therapeutics, from September 2020 until March 2022. He previously served as the Chief Executive Officer of ADRx Inc., a preclinical stage biotechnology company, from August 2019 until October 2020. Prior to that he was Executive Vice President, Operations of Amgen Inc., a global biotechnology company, from August 2012 until July 2016 and retired as an Executive Vice President in January 2017. Mr. Balachandran joined Amgen in 1997 as Associate Director, Engineering. He became Director, Engineering in 1998, and, from 1999 to 2001, he held the position of Senior Director, Engineering and Operations Services before moving to the position of Vice President, Information Systems from 2001 to 2002. Thereafter, Mr. Balachandran was Vice President, Puerto Rico Operations from May 2002 to February 2007. From February 2007 to October 2007, Mr. Balachandran was Vice President, Site Operations, and, from October 2007 to August 2012, he held the position of Senior Vice President, Manufacturing. Prior to his tenure at Amgen, Mr. Balachandran held leadership positions at Copley Pharmaceuticals, now a part of Teva Pharmaceuticals Industries Ltd., and Burroughs Welcome Company, a predecessor through mergers of GlaxoSmithKline plc. He has served as a director of A2 Biotherapeutics since September 2019, as a director of Stevanato Group since September 2018, and as a director of uniQure NV since September 2017. He is on the Audit Committee at A2, on the Compensation Committee at uniQure, and on the Remuneration, Strategy, and Nominating and Governance Committees at Stevanato Group. Mr. Balachandran holds a Master of Science degree in Chemical Engineering from The State University of New York at Buffalo and an MBA from East Carolina University. Michael J. Barber 
 Director since 2021 
 Age: 63 
 Committees: 
 Compensation and Leadership 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance 
 
 Michael J. Barber has been a member of the Board since April 2021. He retired as the Chief Diversity Officer for General Electric Company in January 2022. During his forty-year career at GE, Mr. Barber held a variety of progressively senior roles in engineering, operations, and product management, including service as President and CEO of GE Molecular Imaging and Computed Tomography from 2016 until 2020; as Chief Engineer, GE Healthcare and Chief Operating Officer, GE Healthcare Systems from 2013 until 2015; as VP and General Manager, Molecular Imaging, GE Healthcare in 2012; as Vice President, healthymagination (GE Corporate) from 2009 until 2011; and as Vice President and CTO, GE Healthcare from 2007 until 2008. Among other prestigious awards, he was named a Master of Innovation by Black Enterprise in 2009 and elected a Fellow of the American Institute of Medical and Biological Engineering in 2014. He served as a director of Talix, Inc. from 2017 until it was acquired by Edifecs in 2021, and served as a director of Healthline, Inc. from 2009 until its acquisition by Summit Partners in 2016. He also served as a board member of the National Action Council for Minorities in Engineering (NACME) from 2009 until 2022. He also serves on the Board of the Green Bay Packers Football Club and Chairs the Foundation Committee. Mr. Barber received a B.S. in electrical engineering and an honorary doctorate in engineering from the Milwaukee School of Engineering, where he also serves as a Regent. Steven K. Barg 
 Director since 2023 
 Age: 61 
 Committees: 
 Quality Regulatory Compliance 
 Strategic and Operational Review 
 
 Steven Barg has been a member of the Board since September 2023. Mr. Barg is Global Head of Engagement at Elliott. Prior to joining Elliott in February 2020, Mr. Barg spent 30 years in investment banking, most recently as a Participating Managing Director at Goldman Sachs. During his time at Goldman Sachs, Mr. Barg established and led what became the firm's Global Activism and Shareholder Advisory practice; founded and led the M A Capital Markets practice; and ran Asian Equity Capital Markets in Hong Kong. In addition, Mr. Barg served on both the Asian and Global Equity Commitments Committees and was Global Head of Diversity for the Investment Banking Division. Prior to joining Goldman Sachs, Mr. Barg served as a Managing Director in Equity Capital Markets at UBS and Credit Suisse, with postings in New York, Hong Kong, and London. Mr. Barg has served on the Board of Directors of Cardinal Health since September 2022. Mr. Barg holds an M.B.A. from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business and a B.A. from Wesleyan University. In addition, Mr. Barg was a Henry Luce Scholar in Hong Kong and a Coro Fellow in Public Affairs in New York. J. Martin Carroll 
 Director since 2015 
 Age: 74 
 Committees: 
 Compensation and Leadership 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance 
 Quality and Regulatory 
 Compliance (chair 
 
 J. Martin Carroll has been a member of the Board since July 2015 and served as our lead independent director from October 2021 to June 2023 and our non-executive Chair from July 2023 to August 2023. He served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Boehringer Ingelheim Corporation and of Boehringer Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from 2003 until 2011 and as Head, Corporate Strategy and Development of Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH from 2012 until his retirement in 2013. He served as a director of Boehringer Ingelheim Corporation from 2003 until December 2012. Mr. Carroll joined the Boehringer Ingelheim organization in 2002 as President of Boehringer Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Mr. Carroll worked at Merck Company, Inc. from 1976 to 2001. From 1972 to 1976, he served in the United States Air Force where he attained the rank of Captain. Mr. Carroll has been chairperson of the board of directors of Esperion Therapeutics since June 2022. He served as a director of Durata Therapeutics, Inc. from August 2014 until November 2014 when it was acquired by Actavis, as a director of Vivus, Inc. from May 2013 until September 2014, as a director of Therapeutics MD from March 2015 until December 2021, and as a director of Mallinckrodt plc from June 2013 until May 2022. He also served as a director of Inotek from April 2016 to June 2016 and as Chairman of its Board from June 2016 until January 2018 when Inotek was sold to Rocket Pharmaceutical. Mr. Carroll received a B.A. in accounting and economics from the College of the Holy Cross and an M.B.A. from Babson College. 
 132 

Rolf Classon 
 Director since 2014 
 Age: 78 
 Committees: 
 Audit 
 Compensation and Leadership 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance (chair) 
 
 Rolf Classon has been a member of the Board since August 2014. From October 2002 until his retirement in July 2004, Mr. Classon was Chairman of the Executive Committee of Bayer HealthCare AG, a subsidiary of Bayer AG. He served as President of Bayer Diagnostics from 1995 to 2002 and as Executive Vice President of Bayer Diagnostics from 1991 to 1995. Prior to 1991, Mr. Classon held various management positions with Pharmacia Corporation. Mr. Classon currently serves as Vice Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Fresenius Medical Care AG Co. KGaA. He was previously Chairman of the Board of Directors of Perrigo Company plc from 2018 to 2022, having joined that board as a director in 2017, and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Tecan Group Ltd., serving from 2009 until April 2018. Mr. Classon served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Hill-Rom Corporation from 2006 until March 2018, also serving as Vice Chairman of the Board from 2003 through May 2005 and as interim chief executive officer from May 2005 until March 2006. From 2005 to 2015, Mr. Classon served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Auxilium Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and as Vice Chairman from March 2005 to April 2005. He also previously served as a director of Sequanna Medical AG from 2016 to 2017; of Aerocrine AB, Stockholm from 2013 to 2015; of Millipore Corporation from 2005 to 2010; of Prometheus Laboratories Inc. from 2004 to 2010; and of Enzon Pharmaceuticals Inc. from 1997 to 2011. Mr. Classon received his Chemical Engineering Certificate from the Gothenburg School of Engineering and a Business Degree from the Gothenburg University. Mr. Classon was granted a waiver, which will end at our 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, from the resignation obligation imposed by our Corporate Governance Guidelines on directors over the age of 75 Rosemary A. Crane Director since 2018 Age: 64 Rosemary Crane has been a member of the Board since February 2018. Ms. Crane is currently a member of the boards of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited, where she serves as chair of the Human Resources Compensation Committee; of Tarsus Pharmaceuticals, where she serves as chair of the Science and Technology Committee; of Certara, Inc.; and of Hackensack Meridian Health Center for Discovery and Innovation. She previously served as a director of Edge Therapeutics, Inc., Unilife Corporation, Cipher Pharmaceuticals, MELA Sciences, Inc., Epocrates Inc., Targanta Therapeutics, and Zealand Pharma A/S. Ms. Crane retired in 2014 from MELA Sciences, Inc., where she served as President and Chief Executive Officer beginning in 2013. From 2011 to 2013, she was a Partner and Head of Commercialization at Appletree Partners and, from 2008 to 2011, served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Epocrates Inc. From 2002 to 2008, Ms. Crane served in several senior executive positions at the Johnson Johnson Group of Companies, ending as Company Group Chairman, OTC and Nutritional Group. From 1982 to 2002, she was at Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, ending her tenure there as President, U.S. Primary Care. Ms. Crane received her M.B.A. from Kent State University and her B.A. in Communications and English from the State University of New York at Oswego. Frank D Amelio 
 Director since 2023 
 Age: 66 
 Committees: 
 Compensation Leadership 
 Quality Regulatory Compliance 
 
 Frank D Amelio has been a member of the Board since August 2023. Mr. D Amelio is the former Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Global Supply, of Pfizer Inc. where he was responsible for all corporate finance functions including audit, controllers, tax, and treasury, as well as global supply. Prior to joining Pfizer, Mr. D Amelio served as Senior Executive Vice President of Integration and Chief Administrative Officer of Alcatel-Lucent, responsible for the 2006 Alcatel-Lucent merger as well as procurement, real estate, IT, and supply chain. Prior to that, Mr. D Amelio was the Chief Operating Officer of Lucent Technologies, responsible for leading business operations, including sales, the product groups, the services business, the supply chain, information technology operations, human resources, and labor relations. In 2001, he was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Lucent. In addition, Mr. D Amelio held a number of roles while at Lucent Technologies, and before that, served in a variety of positions while at AT T, including CFO, Transmission Systems and Controller, Network Systems. Mr. D Amelio has served on the Board of Directors of Humana since September 2003, where he currently serves as Chair of the Audit Committee, on the Board of Directors of Zoetis, Inc. since July 2012, and on the Board of Directors of Hewlett Packard Enterprise since January 2023. He currently serves as a CFO in residence at the Deloitte CFO Academy. Mr. D Amelio holds an M.B.A. in Finance from St. John s University and a bachelor s degree in Accounting from St. Peter s College. Karen Flynn Director since 2022 Age: 60 Karen Flynn has been a member of the Board since September 2022. Karen Flynn served as Interim President, Division Head for BioModalities from April 2023 until the end of September 2023. Ms. Flynn retired in July 2022 from her position as Catalent s Senior Vice President Chief Commercial Officer, a position she had held since 2021. She joined the Company as President, Biologics and Chief Commercial Officer in 2020. Prior to joining Catalent, she served as the Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer of West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. from 2016 to 2019, having previously served as that company s President of Pharmaceutical Packaging Systems since 2014. Ms. Flynn is also a director of Quanterix Corporation and Sotera Health Company and was a member of the board of directors for Recro Pharmaceuticals. She serves with the University of Notre Dame s Hesburgh Women of Impact mentorship program and also has been on the Chester County Economic Development Council Board of Directors and the Downingtown STEM Academy Advisory Board. Ms. Flynn holds a Master of Science in Business Administration from Boston University, a Master of Science in Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania, and a Bachelor of Science in Pre-Professional Studies (Pre-Med) from the University of Notre Dame. 
 133 

John J. Greisch 
 Director since 2018 
 Executive Chair since August 2023 
 Age: 68 
 Committees: 
 Strategic and Operational Review (chair) 
 
 John Greisch has been a member of the Board since February 2018 and was appointed as Executive Chair on August 28, 2023. Mr. Greisch retired in May 2018 from his position as President and Chief Executive Officer of Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc., a position that he had held since 2010. Prior to that, Mr. Greisch was President International Operations for Baxter International, Inc., a position he held beginning in 2006. During his seven-year tenure with Baxter, he also served as Baxter s Chief Financial Officer and as President of Baxter s BioScience division. Before his time with Baxter, Mr. Greisch was President and Chief Executive Officer for FleetPride Corporation in Deerfield, Illinois, an independent after-market distribution company serving the transportation industry. Prior to his tenure at FleetPride, he held various positions at The Interlake Corporation, including serving as President of its Materials Handling Group. Mr. Greisch currently serves as chairman of the board of Viant Medical LLC and as lead independent director on the board of Carrier Corporation. He previously served on the boards of Cerner Corporation, Idorsia Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc., Actelion Ltd, and TomoTherapy, Inc. Additionally, he serves as a senior advisor to TPG Capital and is on the board of directors for Ann Robert H. Lurie Children s Hospital of Chicago. He received a Masters in Management from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University and a B.S. degree from Miami University. Christa Kreuzburg, PH.D. Director since 2018 Age: 63 Dr. Christa Kreuzburg has been a member of the Board since February 2018. Dr. Kreuzburg has been consulting in the healthcare sector since retiring from Bayer AG in 2009 after 19 years of service in a variety of roles, including service as Head of the Bayer Schering Pharma Europe/Canada unit of Bayer Healthcare from 2007 to 2008 and as Head of the Pharma Primary Care/International Operations unit of Bayer Healthcare from 2006 to 2007. She also held roles in the Strategic Planning and Central Research groups. Dr. Kreuzburg is currently a member of the board of directors of Tecan Trading AG of Switzerland and has previously served as a director of Freedom Innovations LLC. She received her Ph.D. and Bachelor s degrees in Physical Chemistry from Duisburg University in Germany. Gregory T. Lucier 
 Director since 2015 
 Age: 59 
 Committees: 
 Audit 
 Compensation and 
 Leadership (chair) 
 Strategic and 
 Operational Review 
 
 Gregory T. Lucier has been a member of the Board since April 2015. Mr. Lucier has served as the chief executive officer of Corza Health, Inc., a company focused on acquiring companies and assets as part of a strategy to build a market-leading healthcare business since 2019. Prior to that, he served as Chief Executive Officer of NuVasive, Inc., a medical device company, from 2015 to 2018. Before joining NuVasive, Mr. Lucier was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Life Technologies Corporation (formerly Invitrogen Corporation), a global biotechnology company, from May 2003 until it was acquired by Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. in February 2014. Prior to that, Mr. Lucier was a corporate officer at General Electric Company, where he served in a variety of leadership roles. Mr. Lucier is chairman of the board of Berkeley Lights and serves as a director of Dentsply Sirona and Maravai LifeSciences. He previously served as a director of Life Technologies Corporation from May 2003 to February 2014, of Carefusion Corporation from August 2009 until its sale to Becton Dickinson in March 2015, of Invuity, Inc. from October 2014 until its sale to Stryker in October 2018, and of Nuvasive from December 2013 to May 2021. Mr. Lucier received an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and a B.S. in industrial engineering from Pennsylvania State University. Alessandro Maselli Director since 2022 Age: 51 Alessandro Maselli was appointed Catalent s President and Chief Executive Officer and joined the Board of Directors in July 2022. He previously served as the company s President Chief Operating Officer from February 2019 until July 2022. Mr. Maselli joined Catalent in 2010 as Director of Operations at Catalent s pharmaceutical, nutritional and cosmetics plant in Aprilia, Italy. In 2013, he was appointed General Manager of Zydis operations at Catalent s facility in Swindon, U.K., in 2015 he became Vice President of Operations, Europe, for Catalent s Drug Delivery Solutions business unit, and in 2016 he was named Catalent s Senior Vice President, Global Operations. Prior to Catalent, Mr. Maselli held operational and business leadership roles at Alstom and SGS. From 1998 to 2006, he held roles of increasing responsibility from process engineer to operations director at ABB. Mr. Maselli began his career as an automation systems engineer in the food industry. A native of Italy, Mr. Maselli earned bachelor and master degrees in electronic engineering from La Sapienza University of Rome. Donald E. Morel, Jr., Ph.D. 
 Director since 2015 
 Age: 66 
 Committees: 
 Quality Regulatory Compliance 
 
 Dr. Donald E. Morel has been a member of the Board since November 2015. Dr. Morel retired in June 2015 as Chairman of West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc., a leading manufacturer of packaging components and delivery systems for injectable drugs and healthcare products, a position he had held since March 2003. He also served as West s Chief Executive Officer from April 2002 until April 2015 and as its President from April 2002 until June 2005. Currently, Dr. Morel serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the American Oncologic Hospital of the Fox Chase Cancer Center. He also serves as Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Franklin Institute, a trustee of the University of Virginia Darden School Foundation, and an Emeritus Trustee of Lafayette College. Additionally, Dr. Morel has been a Director of Stevanato Group since September 2018 and of Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation since August 2013. Prior to that, he served as a Director of Kensey Nash Corporation from 2010 until 2012. Dr. Morel obtained a Master of Science degree and a Ph.D. in Materials Science from Cornell University and a Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering from Lafayette College. 
 134 

Stephanie Okey 
 Director since 2023 
 Age: 62 
 Committees: 
 Compensation Leadership 
 Nominating Corporate Governance 
 
 Stephanie Okey has been a member of the Board since August 2023. Ms. Okey is the former Senior Vice President, Head of North America, Rare Diseases, and U.S. General Manager, Rare Diseases at Genzyme, a Sanofi company, where she worked for 19 years in various executive management roles. By the time of her retirement in July 2015, Ms. Okey had acquired launch and commercialization experience with nine rare disease therapeutics and 4 large market therapeutics during her career. Prior to joining Genzyme, Ms. Okey served in various positions of increasing responsibility in the biopharmaceutical industry, having held roles in field sales and marketing at Bristol Myers Squibb and later Genentech, Inc. Ms. Okey is currently a member of the board of directors of PTC Therapeutics, Inc. and Crinetics Pharmaceuticals, Inc., both publicly traded biopharmaceutical companies. In addition, Ms. Okey previously served as a member of the board of directors of the California Life Sciences Association from October 2014 to January 2016, and on the board of directors of Albireo Pharma, Inc. from 2018 until its acquisition by Ipsen in March 2023. Ms. Okey holds a B.S. in Zoology from The Ohio State University and an M.S. in Immunology and Medical Microbiology from Wright State University. She has also completed executive training and education in manufacturing resource planning and organizational leadership. Michelle R. Ryan 
 Director since 2023 
 Age: 57 
 Committees: 
 Audit 
 Strategic and Operational Review 
 
 Michelle Ryan has been a member of the Board since August 2023. Ms. Ryan is the former Treasurer of Johnson Johnson, where she worked for almost 30 years. As Treasurer, Ms. Ryan was responsible for providing financial oversight and insights to Johnson Johnson s M A activities. Additionally, she was responsible for managing Johnson Johnson s global retirement assets, capital market transactions, and risk management activities. Prior to her role as Treasurer, Ms. Ryan worked in various financial leadership roles across Johnson Johnson s businesses, including as Chief Financial Officer of its Global Consumer Business and Chief Financial Officer of its Pharmaceutical Business of the Americas. Ms. Ryan has served on the board of directors of Aledade, Inc., a public benefit corporation helping independent practices, health centers, and clinics deliver better care to their patients and thrive in value-based care, since December 2021. Ms. Ryan received a B.S. in Accounting and an M.B.A. in Finance from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and is a Certified Public Accountant (inactive) and Certified Management Accountant (inactive). Jack Stahl 
 Director since 2014 
 Lead Independent Director since August 2023 
 Age: 70 
 Committees: 
 Audit (chair) 
 Strategic and Operational Review 
 
 Jack Stahl has been a member of the Board since August 2014 and was appointed as Lead Independent Director on August 28, 2023. Mr. Stahl was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Revlon Inc. from 2002 until his retirement in 2006. Prior to joining Revlon, Mr. Stahl served as President and Chief Operating Officer of The Coca-Cola Company from 2000 to 2001, having previously served in various management positions at that company, including Executive Vice President of The Americas Group and earlier as Chief Financial Officer, since joining it in 1979. Mr. Stahl is the chair of the board of directors of United Natural Food, Inc. and serves on the U.S. board of advisors of CVC Capital Partners. Additionally, he formerly served on the boards of Schering-Plough Corporation, Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Saks, Inc., Coty Inc., Ahold Delhaize, and Advantage Solutions LLC, Coca-Cola Enterprises, Coca-Cola Amatil Limited, and was chairman of the board of managers of New Avon LLC. Mr. Stahl holds a bachelor s degree in economics from Emory University and a master s degree from the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania. 
 
 Information Regarding Executive Officers 
 
 Set forth below is certain information with respect to our current executive officers as of December 8, 2023. 
 
 Alessandro Maselli President and Chief Executive Officer Age: 51 Mr. Maselli s biography is set forth above. Matti Masanovich Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Age: 51 Matti Masanovich was named Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer in July 2023. Prior to joining Catalent, Mr. Masanovich served as Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer of Tenneco Automotive from August 2020 until it was acquired by Apollo in November 2023. Previously he was Chief Financial Officer at Superior Industries International from September 2018 until August 2020 and General Cable Corporation from November 2016 until July 2018. Earlier in his career, Mr. Masanovich held finance leadership roles of increasing responsibility in a number of companies in the automotive industry, where he demonstrated a strong history of improvement and profitability and operating efficiency. Mr. Masanovich began his career with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. He has Bachelor of Commerce, Finance Accounting and M.B.A. degrees from the University of Windsor and is a Chartered Accountant in Canada. 
 135 

Lisa Evoli Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer Age: 54 Lisa Evoli was named Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer in August 2023. Prior to joining Catalent, Ms. Evoli served as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation from January 2016 until July 2023. Prior to that, she served for over two decades in a number of senior HR leadership roles, including at TE Connectivity Ltd., Johnson Johnson and Motorola. Ms. Evoli holds a bachelor s degree in business administration from the California University of Pennsylvania and a master s degree in human resources development from Villanova University. Joseph A. Ferraro Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer, and Secretary Age: 46 Joseph A. Ferraro was named Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer, and Secretary in February 2023 and is responsible for managing Catalent s global legal and compliance operations. Prior to joining Catalent, Mr. Ferraro served as Chief Legal Officer and Secretary for Innovate Corp. from September 2017 until October 2022, where he managed global legal and compliance operations. Prior to Innovate, Mr. Ferraro served as General Counsel and Deputy Chief Compliance Officer at Prospect Capital from October 2008 until August 2017, having previously spent his early career at two leading law firms, Sullivan Cromwell and Boies, Schiller Flexner, where he focused on corporate and securities law. Mr. Ferraro holds a Juris Doctor degree with honors from The Law School at the University of Chicago, where he was a managing editor of The University of Chicago Law Review, and a Bachelor of Arts cum laude in public and international affairs from Princeton University. He is NACD Directorship Certified . Aristippos Gennadios, Ph.D. Group President, Pharma Consumer Health Age: 58 Aris Gennadios was named Group President, Pharma and Consumer Health in July 2022. Prior to that, he served as President of our Softgel Oral Technologies business since September 2013 and, earlier, as Vice President and General Manager of Softgel Technologies. Dr. Gennadios has worked in the pharmaceutical industry since 1996 in roles including R D, field sales, business development, operations, and leadership. He joined Catalent s predecessor company, Cardinal Health, in 2002 and held several leadership posts within the softgel technologies business, including Global Vice President of Business Development for Softgel Technologies, General Manager of the Oral Development Center in Somerset, NJ, and Vice President and General Manager for Rx Softgel and Consumer Health products. Dr. Gennadios earned his bachelor s degree in chemical engineering from the National Technical University of Athens, Greece and his master s degree in agricultural engineering from Clemson University. Dr. Gennadios holds a doctorate in engineering from the University of Nebraska and an MBA from Wake Forest University. Scott Gunther Senior Vice President, Quality Regulatory Affairs Age: 56 Scott Gunther was named Senior Vice President of Quality Regulatory Affairs in May 2017. Mr. Gunther joined Catalent in 2012 as Vice President, Quality and was responsible for overseeing the quality function for the United States and other countries with sites in the Drug Delivery Solutions business unit. He previously also concurrently served as an interim Vice President of Product Development for the DDS business unit. Prior to joining Catalent, Scott spent 22 years with Bristol-Myers-Squibb in various roles of increasing responsibility. In his last role at BMS, he held the position of Executive Director Quality Operations Americas, where he was responsible for quality operations at its manufacturing sites in the U.S., Puerto Rico, and Latin America. Scott holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the State University of New York at Buffalo and an MBA from Canisius College. Ricky Hopson President, Division Head for BioProduct Delivery and Chief of Staff Age: 48 Ricky Hopson was named President, Division Head for BioProduct Delivery and Chief of Staff in August 2023. From July 2022 until August 2023, he was President, Division Head for Clinical Development and Supply. Concurrently, from April 2023 through July 2023, he served as Interim Chief Financial Officer. Prior to that, he served as Vice President Chief Accounting Officer since June 2021. Mr. Hopson has been with Catalent for more than 20 years, serving in a variety of finance roles, including Vice President Corporate Controller, Global Vice President, Operational Finance, and Vice President of Finance for two different business units. Mr. Hopson graduated from the University of Portsmouth and is a chartered management accountant in the U.K. David McErlane Group President, Biologics Age: 50 David McErlane joined Catalent as Group President of Biologics in September 2023. Prior to joining Catalent, Mr. McErlane served as senior vice president and business unit head for Lonza's Bioscience business from July 2021 to September 2023 - where he led strategy, sales, marketing, innovation, digital, and operations functions for this division while developing transformational business strategies, executing major investments to digitize the customer journey, and acquiring and integrating new technologies. Earlier in his career, Mr. McErlane held several leadership positions at MilliporeSigma from 2016 to 2021 and BioReliance from 2006 to 2016 after beginning his career as an engineering manager at Zeneca from 1990 to 1999. Mr. McErlane holds a bachelor's degree in electronic systems engineering from Glasgow Caledonian University. Karen Santiago Vice President Chief Accounting Officer Age: 52 Karen Santiago was named Vice President Chief Accounting Officer in September 2022. Prior to joining Catalent, she spent 19 years with Bristol-Myers Squibb Company in various roles of increasing responsibility, including Senior Vice President Corporate Controller, Principal Accounting Officer from 2018 to 2022 and Lead Enabling Functions and Finance Transformation from 2016 to 2018. Since 2013 Ms. Santiago has served on the board of The Arc of New Jersey, the state s largest organization advocating for and serving children and adults with intellectual and developmental disabilities and their families. She holds a Masters in Business Administration and a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Rutgers University. 
 
 136 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors, executive officers, and beneficial owners of 10 or more of our shares of common stock to file reports with the SEC about their ownership of and transactions in our common stock. Based solely on our review of reports filed with the SEC and written representations from our executive officers and directors, we believe that all reports required to be filed under Section 16(a) during fiscal 2023 were timely filed. 
 
 Standards of Business Conduct 
 
 Our Board and all of our employees, including our CEO, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, and all other executive officers are required to abide by our Standards of Business Conduct to ensure that our business is conducted in a consistently legal and ethical manner. A copy of our Standards of Business Conduct can be found on our website at investor.catalent.com/corporate-governance . We will disclose on our website any future amendment to, or waiver from, provisions of our Standards of Business Conduct affecting our directors or executive officers as and to the extent required under applicable SEC and NYSE rules. 
 
 Director Nomination Process 
 
 The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (the Nominating Committee considers and recommends the annual slate of director nominees for approval by our Board. The Nominating Committee considers a number of factors and principles in making its recommendations, including the following: 
 individual qualifications, including strength of character, mature judgment, familiarity with our business and industry, independence of thought, an ability to work collegially, and all other factors it considers appropriate, which may include age, gender, and ethnic and racial background 
 existing commitments to other businesses or any other board of directors (or similar body) 
 potential conflicts of interest with other pursuits 
 legal considerations, such as antitrust issues 
 corporate governance background 
 varied and relevant career experience 
 relevant technical skills and education 
 relevant business or government acumen 
 financial and accounting background 
 executive compensation background 
 the size, composition, and combined expertise of the existing Board 
 Although our Board and Nominating Committee consider diversity of viewpoints, background, and experiences when identifying and reviewing candidates for our Board, our Board does not have a separate diversity policy. In identifying and evaluating prospective director candidates, the Nominating Committee may seek referrals and assistance from other members of our Board, management, shareholders, and other sources, including third-party search consultants. The Nominating Committee uses the same criteria for evaluating candidates regardless of the source of the referral. When considering director candidates, the Nominating Committee seeks individuals with backgrounds and qualities that, when combined with those of our incumbent directors, provide a blend of skills and experiences to further enhance our Board s effectiveness. 
 
 Elliott initially identified Mr. Barg and Ms. Ryan as potential candidates for consideration by the Nominating Committee, which interviewed and discussed the candidates before recommending them to the Board. The Nominating Committee also identified Mr. D Amelio and Ms. Okey as candidates for our Board due to their background and leadership experience and recommended each of them to the Board for consideration. 
 
 Shareholders may nominate directors for election by following the provisions set forth in our bylaws concerning such matters. The Nominating Committee, in accordance with our Governance Guidelines, will consider the qualifications of any nominee proposed by one or more shareholders in the same manner in which it evaluates any other candidate. 
 
 Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 
 
 The members of the Audit Committee are Jack Stahl (Chair), Rolf Classon, Gregory T. Lucier and Michelle R. Ryan. All members of the Audit Committee are independent in accordance with the NYSE listing standards and SEC rules applicable to 
 137 

boards of directors in general and audit committee members in particular. Our Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in SEC rules. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Executive Summary 
 
 Our executive compensation program is intended to attract, motivate, retain, and reward our leadership in a manner that will align their interests with those of our shareholders on an annual and long-term basis and promote sustainable shareholder value creation. We believe attracting, motivating, retaining, and rewarding superior talent is needed to maintain and improve our performance and shareholder returns. We therefore seek to maintain a competitive program that ties a significant portion of executive pay to our financial and stock price performance. 
 
 The following is a summary of important aspects of our executive compensation program. 
 
 Balanced mix of pay components and incentives. Our compensation program targets a market-based mix of cash and equity compensation, and of short- and long-term incentives. The principal elements of our program are base salary; performance-based annual bonus; and long-term equity awards, split 80/20 between performance-contingent (PSUs and stock options) and time-vested (RSUs). 
 Pay for Performance. We emphasize pay-for-performance to align executive compensation with our business strategy. Approximately 88 of the target total direct compensation of our CEO in 2023 was variable or performance-based. 
 Share Retention. Our Compensation Committee has established stock ownership guidelines directing our executive officers to hold a multiple of annual salary in the form of shares of common stock in order to align management and shareholder interests. 
 Pledging and Hedging. Our executives are prohibited from pledging our shares (absent our General Counsel s permission, which has never been granted) or hedging against the economic risk of such ownership. 
 Use of Independent Consultant. The Compensation Committee has engaged an independent, third-party consultant, Frederic W. Cook Co., Inc. FW Cook ), to assist it in designing our compensation program and making compensation decisions. 
 Clawback/Forfeiture Provisions. The terms of our long-term, equity-based awards and our short-term, cash-based award plan allow us in certain circumstances to claw back shares and cash received pursuant to such awards or, in the case of the equity-based awards, to require the repayment of all gains realized on the vesting or exercise of such awards. In connection with the revisions to our audited consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2022, under the clawback provisions of the management incentive plan MIP ), the Compensation Committee approved a clawback of a portion of the amounts paid under the MIP for fiscal 2022 for all named executive officers NEOs who received a MIP payment for such fiscal year. The amount of the clawback was determined in the same manner as the original MIP payment by calculating the value of the appropriate business factor in light of the revision to the audited consolidated financial statements and was equal to approximately 3 of the value of the original fiscal 2022 MIP payout to each NEO for fiscal 2022 performance. For NEOs who are active employees, each NEO s 2023 MIP payment or other amounts due to them are being reduced by the amount of the clawback. 
 Compensation Peer Group. The Compensation Committee uses a group of peer companies, selected with the assistance of FW Cook to be aligned with corporate governance best practices, to benchmark target total direct compensation levels, other executive compensation-related programs and policies, and benefit packages. 
 Shareholder Say-on-Pay. At the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, our shareholders voted 95.3 in favor of our say-on-pay proposal, demonstrating their concurrence that our executive compensation program reflects a strong pay-for-performance orientation. In fiscal 2023, the Compensation Committee considered the outcome of the shareholder advisory vote when making decisions relating to the compensation of our NEOs and our executive compensation program and policies. Based in part on the demonstrated level of support reflected in this vote and the success of the program in retaining our talent and incentivizing superior performance, the Compensation Committee determined that no substantive change to our compensation program was necessary for fiscal 2023. 

Overview of 2023 Financial Performance and Executive Compensation 
 
 2023 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE 
 
 Net revenue declined 11 , from 4.8 billion to 4.3 billion on a reported basis and from 4.8 billion to 4.4 billion on a constant-currency basis. 
 Net earnings decreased 151 , from earnings of 499 million to a loss of 256 million. 
 Adjusted EBITDA declined 43 , from 1.3 billion to 0.7 billion on a constant-currency basis. 
 Our net leverage ratio increased from 2.9x at the end of fiscal 2022 to 6.6x at the end of fiscal 2023. 
 
 138 

2023 COMPENSATION HIGHLIGHTS 
 
 In fiscal 2023, our financial performance was muted, with Budget-Based Revenue and Budget-Based EBITDA (both as defined below) missing target by 24 and 50 , respectively. As a result, our performance-based compensation awarded in fiscal 2023 and paid out in fiscal 2023 from prior awards was meaningfully below target. The fiscal 2023 MIP, comprised of 70 business performance and 30 personal goals performance, for our executive officers other than the CEO who remained in service at the payout date, including each of our NEOs besides Mr. Castellano (who departed Catalent prior to payout and therefore received nothing from the MIP), and Dr. Boerman and Mr. Maselli (who received no payout under the MIP), was awarded materially below target, as the business performance factor was 0 for the fiscal year. In addition, our financial performance in fiscal 2023 resulted in materially lower payouts under the long-term incentive program compared to fiscal 2022 payouts, with our Relative Return PSUs, as described below, for the fiscal 2021-2023 performance period having 0 payout, and our Adjusted EPS PSUs, as described below, for the fiscal 2021-2023 performance period vesting at 106 , modestly above target due to our strong performance in fiscal 2021 and 2022 relative to fiscal 2020. Similarly, the values of time-vested RSUs at their vesting in early fiscal 2024 were materially lower than their stated values at the time of their grant due to the decline in our stock price compared to our stock price in early fiscal 2021 when awarded. As of the end of fiscal 2023, outstanding PSUs aligned to both the fiscal 2022-2024 and fiscal 2023-2025 performance periods were also tracking meaningfully below targets. 
 
 EXECUTIVE PAY MIX FOR 2023 
 
 The majority of target total direct compensation for our NEOs during fiscal 2023 consisted of variable pay elements. The Compensation Committee believes this allocation aligns with our pay-for-performance compensation philosophy of motivating our NEOs to achieve our performance objectives in the short-term and to grow the business to create sustainable value for our shareholders in the long term. 

(1) Does not include other compensation, pension values, and nonqualified deferred compensation earnings, which are shown in the Summary Compensation Table below. Mr. Maselli actually received zero short-term compensation for fiscal 2023 due to the performance level of the business for that year. 
 
 CEO 2023 TARGET DIRECT COMPENSATION OVERVIEW 
 
 BASE SALARY 
 925,000 
 MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE PLAN (MIP) 
 1,018,000 at target, equal to 110 of base salary 
 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE AWARD 
 5,500,000 in grant-date fair value awarded under our long-term incentive plan 

Our Executive Compensation Program 
 
 139 

OUR COMPENSATION PHILOSOPHY AND PRINCIPLES 
 
 Our executive compensation program ties pay delivery to the successful execution of our overall business goals and adherence to our core values, which we believe best serves the interests of our shareholders. We believe that attracting, motivating, retaining, and rewarding superior executive talent is a key to delivering attractive shareholder returns, and that an appropriately structured executive compensation program is critical to that end, with each element supporting the achievement of our compensation philosophy. 
 
 Our executives must be of a caliber and level of experience necessary to manage our complex, global business effectively. Given the long-cycle nature of most of our businesses, the complexity and highly regulated nature of our operations, and the competitive nature of our industry, it is especially important for us to retain our executive talent to ensure continuity of management. We seek to implement this philosophy by following three key principles: 

Competitive compensation. Providing a competitive compensation opportunity that enables us to attract, motivate, retain, and reward superior executive talent. 
 Alignment with shareholder interests. Aligning our executives interests with our shareholders through equity compensation, short- and long-term absolute and relative performance metrics and share retention guidelines. 
 Linking compensation to performance. Fostering a pay-for-performance philosophy by tying a significant portion of pay to financial and stock-price performance as well as other goals that support the creation of sustainable long-term shareholder value. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM ELEMENTS 
 
 COMPONENT 
 DESCRIPTION 
 OBJECTIVES AND COMMENTS 
 Cash Compensation 
 Base Salary 
 Fixed cash compensation that is based on scope of responsibilities, experience, prior performance, and the pay practices of key competitors for executive-level talent. 
 Attract, motivate, and retain superior talent. 
 
 Provide a fixed, baseline level of compensation. 
 
 Annual increase, if any, based on market positioning and individual performance. 
 
 Annual Bonus Opportunity: 
 Management Incentive Plan (MIP) 
 Annual cash payment tied to our financial results and a set of individually tailored financial and strategic performance objectives. 
 Variable pay for short-term achievement of financial results and individual goals. 
 
 For fiscal 2023, 70 based on financial performance (Budget-Based EBITDA and Budget-Based Revenue, each as defined below) and 30 based on individual goals. 1 

Note that Budget-Based Revenue and Budget-Based EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures and subject to important limitations. For a discussion of these measures and how they reconcile to our results reported under U.S. GAAP, please see the heading Non-GAAP Metrics under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and at the end of Item 11. Executive Compensation of this Annual Report. 

COMPONENT 
 DESCRIPTION 
 OBJECTIVES AND COMMENTS 
 Long-Term Incentive 
 
 140 

Awards under our Long-Term Incentive Plan LTIP 
 Annual grants of equity-based awards under our 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2018 Omnibus Plan intended to drive (1) absolute and relative long-term performance relative to pre-established objectives and (2) robust, continuous executive retention. Includes grants of Nonqualified Stock Options, RSUs, and PSUs. Align compensation with the creation of shareholder value and achievement of long-term performance objectives. 
 
 Increase equity ownership by executives. 
 
 Promote executive retention. 
 
 Reward absolute and relative stock price performance over a multi-year period. 
 COMPONENT 
 DESCRIPTION 
 OBJECTIVES AND COMMENTS 
 Retirement Benefits U.S Savings Plan A tax-qualified 401(k) defined contribution plan that allows U.S. participants to defer a portion of their compensation, subject to Internal Revenue Code limits, and receive a partial employer matching contribution. Attract, motivate, and retain superior talent. 
 U.K. Retirement Plan A defined contribution retirement plan open to U.K. participants, which also permits a partial employer match on contributions. Attract, motivate, and retain superior talent. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan A nonqualified deferred compensation plan for qualifying U.S. and U.K. employees that provides opportunities to defer income taxation of a portion of compensation beyond what is permitted under our Savings Plan. The plan allows NEOs and certain other executives to defer up to 80 of total cash compensation, to receive matching contributions equal to 50 of the first 6 of compensation deferred, and to invest cash amounts deferred in a variety of investment options. In addition, the plan allows for U.S.-based executives to defer certain grants received under our 2018 Omnibus Plan. Attract, motivate, and retain superior talent. 
 Severance Benefits Executive Severance and Change-in-Control Benefits Severance benefits provided to NEOs and certain other senior executives upon company-initiated involuntary termination of employment without cause, or upon a good reason termination by the executive. Equity grants provide for vesting if employment is terminated involuntarily without cause following a change in control. Attract, motivate, and retain superior talent. 
 
 Facilitate recruitment and retention of executives by providing income security in the event of involuntary job loss. 

The Compensation Process 
 
 THE ROLE OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE, ITS CONSULTANT, AND MANAGEMENT 
 
 The Compensation Committee oversees the compensation program for our CEO and our other executive officers, including our other NEOs. Management typically formulates new proposals concerning executive compensation, including, but not limited to 
 141 

salary levels, the form and content of various incentive or other compensation programs, and benefits such as healthcare and retirement programs (though management does not propose or otherwise participate in the setting of our CEO s compensation). All management proposals as they relate to our NEOs are subject to Compensation Committee review and approval. The Compensation Committee has retained an independent consultant, FW Cook, to help it fulfill its responsibilities, including its review of management proposals. Among other things, FW Cook benchmarks compensation levels using available market data and trends and the Comparison Group approved by the Compensation Committee (see discussion of Comparison Group below). In compliance with the NYSE s listing standards and SEC rules, the Compensation Committee in April 2023 conducted its annual independence assessment of FW Cook and concluded that it remains independent of management and that its work did not raise any conflict of interest. 
 
 THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE S PROCESS 
 
 In accordance with its charter, the Compensation Committee is responsible for, among other duties: 
 
 reviewing and approving our overall executive compensation philosophy; 
 
 overseeing the administration of compensation and benefit programs, policies, and practices; 
 
 reviewing and approving the identification of our peer companies with respect to various benchmarking activities and data sources used in evaluating our compensation competitiveness; 
 
 evaluating the performance of the CEO against performance goals and objectives approved by our Board; and 
 
 approving the performance metric and corresponding goals, evaluating the performance, and approving the compensation of our executive officers. 
 
 THE USE OF MARKET DATA IN DETERMINING COMPENSATION 
 
 The Compensation Committee considers numerous factors as it formulates, reviews, and approves pay components and the overall structure of our executive compensation program. Among these factors are survey data, scoped to focus on companies with revenue comparable to ours, and the compensation practices of select peer companies, which we refer to as the Comparison Group. In January 2022, the Compensation Committee reviewed the Comparison Group that would be used to inform pay decisions for fiscal 2023. One of the peers, Varian Medical, was acquired, leaving 15 companies in the Comparison Group. Catalent's trailing four quarter revenue and market cap at the time the peers in the Comparison Group were reviewed were both near the median of the remaining 15 peers. Additionally, all remaining peers were found to be within a reasonable range of Catalent s revenue and market cap at the time, and the Compensation Committee determined not to make any change to the Comparison Group (other than removing Varian Medical due to its acquisition). 
 
 Six of the 15 peer companies are pharmaceutical / biotechnology companies, and the remaining peer companies are health care equipment/supplies or life sciences tools/services companies. Other factors that are reviewed during the annual Comparison Group selection process include business similarity, profitability, enterprise value, and number of employees. The Compensation Committee further believes that reference to the Comparison Group is appropriate when reviewing our compensation program for fiscal 2023 because of the potential likelihood that this group competed with us for executive talent. The 15 companies in the Comparison Group that informed compensation decisions for fiscal 2023 were: 

The Compensation Committee also considers other factors in addition to the market benchmarks, including individual executives tenure, proficiency in role, and criticality to our performance. The Compensation Committee concluded that our pay strategy is appropriate to assure the attraction and retention of top talent in a competitive market, particularly as we continue to move into areas where the competition for top talent is particularly fierce, including cell and gene therapy, and demands on our 
 142 

senior executives have increased as the business has grown and become more complex. While the Compensation Committee considers peer and market data, it does not target a specific market position when determining executive target compensation levels. In addition to referencing market data, as described above, the Compensation Committee considered prior year compensation history and compensation levels of other Company executives to provide context for fiscal 2023 executive compensation. 
 
 Details of Total Direct Compensation Elements 
 
 For fiscal 2023, compensation paid to our NEOs consisted of base salary; short-term incentive pay in the form of participation in the MIP; equity-based, long-term incentive awards subject to multi-year time- and performance-vesting criteria; and the opportunity to participate in certain benefit programs and other perquisites. 
 
 We generally review the base salary and other incentive compensation target amounts of our executive officers, including our NEOs, annually, consistent with the process for our employees generally. 
 
 BASE SALARY 
 
 Base salary is the principal fixed component of target total direct compensation for NEOs, and is determined by considering the executive s job responsibilities, market data, and the individual s performance and contributions. 
 
 MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 SUMMARY 
 
 The MIP is an annual cash incentive program that rewards performance against annual individual and overall business goals. We extend MIP participation to a broad group of our executives, including our NEOs. For fiscal 2023, 70 of a participant s MIP target payout was based on business goals applicable to that participant and 30 was based on the participant s individual goals. The Compensation Committee selects the overall business goals applicable to the NEOs participating in the MIP from among the corporate financial and strategic growth objectives set each year by our Board. The individual goals for each of our NEOs other than our CEO and former Executive Chair are set jointly by that NEO and the CEO. The individual goals for our CEO and former Executive Chair are set jointly by each of these individuals and the Compensation Committee. These individual goals relate generally to the following categories but are not assigned numerical weightings or measuring criteria: quality and compliance, operational excellence, customer innovation/growth, organizational vitality/leadership, and financial accountability. 
 
 2023 PERFORMANCE TARGETS 
 
 For fiscal 2023, the Compensation Committee based the business goals portion of our MIP on achievement of our Budget-Based EBITDA goal (as defined under Non-GAAP Financial Measures below in this Annual Report) and our Budget-Based Revenue goal (also as defined under Non-GAAP Financial Measures below in this Annual Report). The Compensation Committee uses Budget-Based EBITDA and Budget-Based Revenue because: 
 
 (a) it believes that they are important indicators of our increasing value and growth, 
 
 (b) they are the primary measures by which we set and measure performance for the fiscal year, 
 
 (c) they exclude certain items that would normally be part of a calculation of net earnings but that we believe are not representative of our core business, and 
 
 (d) they are widely used measures of overall financial performance. 
 
 The Compensation Committee concluded for fiscal 2023 that (1) using a combination of these two measures would provide a balanced set of business performance targets that focus on growth, profitability, and the most efficient conversion of revenue to profit, (2) at the time the goals are set, the performance targets provide a reasonably achievable, but challenging, set of goals for our NEOs and other MIP participants, and (3) linking our NEOs bonuses to company-wide performance goals encourages collaboration across the executive leadership team. These goals are intended to incentivize all participants to maximize their performance for the benefit of our shareholders. 
 
 CALCULATING 2023 MIP AWARDS 
 
 When determining MIP awards, the Compensation Committee used a matrix approach that simultaneously evaluates performance of the two components that comprise the business-goal portion of the MIP. Performance at target for each of the metrics results in achievement of the business-goal portion of the MIP award at 100 of a participant s target amount. 
 143 

Performance below or above the targets, subject to a range of 80 to 125 and a minimum 80 achievement of Budget-Based EBITDA target, results in an achievement of the business-goal portion of the MIP award in the manner set forth in the following table (at 0-200 of target), with linear interpolation applied for results that fall between two consecutive revenue or EBITDA achievement levels: 

Achievement by each participant, including each of our NEOs, against individual goals can result in payment of the individual performance portion of the MIP award between 0 and 200 of the target amount. Payout of the MIP requires achievement of the minimum thresholds of both the business-goal portion and the individual-performance portion. The target amount for each participant in our MIP, including each of our NEOs, is a fixed sum and is reviewed annually by the Compensation Committee, consistent with the process for our employees generally. 
 
 For fiscal 2023, the business goals were collectively weighted at 70 of the total payout, the individual goals were weighted at 30 , and the maximum payout under our MIP was 200 of each executive target opportunity (200 x 70 , plus 200 x 30 ). 
 
 CLAWBACK/FORFEITURE 
 
 Participation in the MIP may be cancelled or forfeited and repaid to us if the participant engages in any Detrimental Activity, including but not limited to fraud, breaches of restrictive covenants, and disparagement of the company, as defined in the 2018 Omnibus Plan. In addition, if a participant receives any amount in excess of what the participant should have received for any reason (including by reason of a financial restatement, mistake in calculation, or other administrative error), the participant must repay the excess. Without limiting the foregoing, all MIP awards are subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, or recoupment to the extent necessary to comply with applicable law. 
 
 In connection with the revisions to our audited consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2022, under the clawback provisions of the MIP, the Compensation Committee approved a clawback of a portion of the amounts paid under the MIP for fiscal 2022 for all NEOs who received a MIP payment for such fiscal year. The amount of the clawback was determined in the same manner as the original MIP payment by calculating the value of the appropriate business factor in light of the revision to the audited consolidated financial statements and was equal to approximately 3 of the value of the original fiscal 2022 MIP payout to each NEO for fiscal 2022 performance. For NEOs who are active employees, each NEO s 2023 MIP payment or other amounts due to them are being reduced by the amount of the clawback. 
 
 In October 2023, the Company adopted a Clawback Policy in accordance with Section 10D of the Exchange Act and Rule 10D-1 promulgated thereunder and intended to comply with the NYSE listing standards. 
 
 2023 MIP AWARDS 
 
 The business performance goals and achievement levels for fiscal 2023, which collectively represented 70 of the overall target MIP award, are as follows (in millions of U.S. dollars, using our internal budget-based currency exchange rates, or percentages): 
 144 

Performance Measure 
 Threshold / 
 Target / 
 Maximum Performance (1) 
 Actual Performance 
 Business Performance Factor Payout Percentage Budget-Based Revenue 4,232 / 5,290 / 6,612 4,263 0 Budget-Based EBITDA 1,126 / 1,407/ 1,759 698 
 
 (1) When calculating Budget-Based EBITDA and Budget-Based Revenue performance, the target, threshold, and maximum are adjusted by the Compensation Committee for the projected pro forma performance from completed acquisitions over the measurement period . 
 
 The CEO, together with the Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer during fiscal 2023, evaluated the individual performance of each of our executive officers, including the NEOs other than the CEO, based on each individual s fiscal 2023 goals and objectives. After combining the individual performance metric with the business performance metrics, management determined a recommended MIP award for each such executive officer, which they presented to the Compensation Committee. In approving MIP awards for the NEOs other than the CEO, the Compensation Committee considered our financial performance in fiscal 2023 and the individual assessment of performance and accomplishments relative to their respective goals and objectives. 
 
 The CEO also presented to the Compensation Committee an assessment of his own individual performance, which the Compensation Committee evaluated in determining the CEO s MIP award. The CEO s MIP award was based on his fiscal 2023 goals and objectives in the areas of: (1) continuing to progress Catalent s strategic ambition to build on its broad base of offerings and to expand its position as the preferred strategic CDMO partner in core and advanced technologies, integrated solutions, and first-to-scale innovation, including solidifying and accelerating growth in Catalent s base of product offerings, maximizing growth in Catalent s biologics division, and continuing to invest in growth enablers; (2) strengthening Catalent s foundation, including addressing variabilities in performance and On Time Delivery and driving continuous improvement centrally, including by continuing to enhance the IACP audit program and improving IT; (3) offsetting inflationary pressures with total cost excellence ("TCE") and other cost control and restructuring programs; (4) leveraging a strong financial position to increase M A selectivity, pursuing portfolio management, delivering fiscal year 2023 financials and making working capital improvements; and (5) improving on our culture and organizational vitality, including executing on cultural assimilation, continuing to find ways to deepen Catalent s Patient First culture, and achieving measurable progress against stated D I and ESG goals and targets. The Compensation Committee did not assign weights in considering these areas, but took account of the differing levels of focus in each area as the year progressed. After consideration of all of these factors, the Compensation Committee decided not to award the CEO any MIP bonus for fiscal 2023. 
 
 The former Executive Chair also presented to the Compensation Committee an assessment of his own individual performance, which the Compensation Committee evaluated in determining the former Executive Chair s MIP award, based on his fiscal 2023 goals and objectives in the areas of: (1) advancing our culture and values through acceleration of our ESG goals and targets, focused on sustainability (waste, water usage, and emissions), and acceleration of our TCE goals, including reactivating a LEAN culture; (2) executive coaching to advance our CEO s transition and to activate CEO succession planning; (3) enhancing Board processes to create better interaction among directors; (4) driving key executive and senior leadership talent acquisition, with a primary focus on senior leadership positions within the finance, operations and quality functions in our Biologics segment and development a bench of industry leaders poised for executive leadership team roles; (5) providing active counsel and support to the company on matters of M A strategy and execution, transformational projects, and emerging biotech customer development, among others; and (6) leading the Board through setting meeting agendas, working closely with the Lead Independent Director and CEO to set content and manage Board logistics. The Compensation Committee did not assign weights in considering these areas but took account of the differing levels of focus in each area as the year progressed. After consideration of all of these factors, the Compensation Committee decided not to award the former Executive Chair any MIP bonus for fiscal 2023. 
 
 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE AWARDS 
 
 Our long-term incentive compensation program is potentially available to all our employees, including our NEOs, and includes one or some combination of three types of equity-based awards: 
 time-based stock options, in which there is a fixed grant to the recipient subject only to a time- and service-based vesting requirement; 
 time-based RSUs, in which there is a fixed grant to the recipient subject only to a time- and service-based vesting requirement; and 
 performance-based PSUs, in which vesting is based on the achievement of pre-established performance criteria over a multi-year performance period, subject to continuing service through the date of certification of final performance by the Compensation Committee. 
 145 

By awarding grants with multi-year performance or vesting periods, we appropriately align program participants with the long-term best interests of our shareholders. Those interests are also protected by restrictive covenants that are imposed on our participants, including a confidentiality obligation, a limitation on competing with us for the greater of one year post-departure and the final vesting of outstanding equity-based awards, and an agreement not to solicit our employees for one year after leaving our employ. 
 
 Awards to our NEOs for the fiscal 2023-25 performance period, awarded in early fiscal 2023, were divided into PSUs (with the target number of shares providing 50 of the target value awarded), stock options (30 of the target value awarded), and RSUs (20 of the target value awarded). In turn, the target value awarded as PSUs was divided evenly between PSUs that use Adjusted EPS as their performance metric and those that use relative total shareholder return Relative Return ), as described below in this section. The target size for our NEOs LTIP awards was set by the Compensation Committee using a market-based determination of LTIP grant value, individual performance, and other factors. 
 
 Awards to our NEOs for the fiscal 2023-25 performance period, awarded in early fiscal 2023 under our LTIP were generally determined and approved by the Compensation Committee on a dollar-value basis, which is then translated into a fixed or target number of options, RSUs, or PSUs by dividing the award by the per-instrument price, using a Black-Scholes valuation for options, grant date share price for RSUs and Adjusted EPS PSUs, and the value derived from a Monte Carlo pricing model for Relative Return PSUs, and then rounding up to the nearest whole number of shares. Subject to the recipient s continued service with us through each applicable vesting date, options vest in equal installments over the first four anniversaries of the grant date, RSUs vest on the third anniversary of the grant date, and PSUs vest when and if we determine that the performance criteria are met at the end of the three-year performance period. The continued service requirement is waived in the event of a participant s disability or retirement in accordance with the Rule of 65, which applies if a participant retires on or after the date on which the sum of the participant s age and period of service with us equals sixty-five (65) years, so long as they are at least the age of fifty-five (55) and give at least six-months notice and, beginning with grants awarded in fiscal 2021, have completed at least five years of service with us. 
 
 The performance criteria for the PSUs granted during fiscal 2023 are as follows: 
 
 Adjusted EPS is separately calculated for each fiscal year in the 3-year performance period and then totaled and compared to the 3-year, cumulative target set by the Compensation Committee at the beginning of the performance period. 
 
 Achievement of the target Adjusted EPS will earn the participant the number of shares equal to 100 of the target number of Adjusted EPS PSUs. At 75 achievement, 50 of the target will be earned, with no shares earned for achievement below that threshold. At the maximum achievement level of the greater of (i) 150 of target Adjusted EPS and (ii) the amount determined using the financial goals set forth for the performance period portion of the most recent strategic planning period, the resulting earnout is 200 of the target. Earnouts are interpolated for levels of performance between threshold and target, and between target and maximum. 
 
 Relative Return is the percentile rank of our total shareholder return during the 3-year performance period relative to the total shareholder return of each of the companies comprising the S P 500 Healthcare Index (with total shareholder return being the change in the price per share over the performance period, assuming reinvestment of dividends, if any, paid during the performance period). There were 63 other companies in the comparison group at the start of the fiscal year 2023-2025 three-year performance period. 
 
 Achievement of the median Relative Return will earn the participant the number of shares equal to 100 of the target number of Relative Return PSUs. At the 25 th percentile, 50 of target will be earned, with no shares earned for achievement below that threshold. At the maximum achievement level of the 75 th percentile, the resulting earnout is at 150 of target. Earnouts are interpolated for levels of achievement between threshold and target, and between target and maximum. In addition, earnouts on our Relative Return PSUs are subject to an additional cap so that the total value of the shares earned at payout cannot exceed 300 of the grant date value of such incentive awards. 
 
 The Compensation Committee believes that the performance targets for both the Adjusted EPS PSUs and the Relative Return PSUs represent reasonably achievable but challenging goals and are intended to incentivize all participants to maximize their performance for the long-term benefit of our shareholders. 
 
 Note that Adjusted Net Income is a non-GAAP financial measure, is not a measure of operating income, operating performance, or liquidity presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP and is subject to important limitations. For a discussion of these measures and how they reconcile to our results reported under U.S. GAAP, please see the heading Non-GAAP Metrics under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and at the end of Item 11. Executive Compensation of this Annual Report. 
 
 FISCAL 2021-2023 PSU PERFORMANCE 
 146 

In fiscal 2021, the Compensation Committee granted PSUs representing 50 of the total long-term incentives to executives for the fiscal 2021-23 performance period, awarded one-half as Adjusted EPS PSUs and one-half as Relative Return PSUs. These PSUs issued in respect of the fiscal 2021-23 performance period vested in fiscal 2024 at a performance level of 106 of target for the Adjusted EPS PSUs and 0 of target for the Relative Return PSUs earned by our NEOs. 
 
 Fiscal 2021-2023 Performance Targets 
 Performance Schedule Corresponding Earnout Range of Target) Threshold Goal Maximum Thresh. Goal Max. Adjusted EPS PSUs and Performance Shares 5.69 7.58 9.48 50 100 200 Relative Return PSUs and Performance Shares 25 th Percentile 
 50 th Percentile 
 75 th Percentile 
 50 100 150 
 Fiscal 2021-2023 Performance Achievement 
 Actual Performance Achievement Level of Goal Earnout as of Target Adjusted EPS PSUs 7.69 101 106 Relative Return PSUs 15th Percentile N/A 0 
 
 Other Benefits Under Our Executive Compensation Program 
 
 BENEFITS AND PERQUISITES 
 
 We provide to all our employees, including our NEOs, broad-based benefits that are intended to attract and retain employees while providing them with retirement and health and welfare security. Broad-based employee benefits available to our NEOs include: 
 a 401(k) savings plan for U.S. NEOs, and an equivalent plan under U.K. law for our U.K.-domiciled NEO, both of which provide for a partial employer match of employee contributions; 
 an employee stock purchase plan, allowing the purchase of shares of our common stock at a 10 discount; 
 medical, dental, vision, life and accident insurance, disability coverage, and health savings, dependent care, and healthcare flexible spending accounts; and 
 employee assistance program benefits. 
 
 Under our 401(k) savings plan and the equivalent U.K. plan, we match a portion of the funds set aside by the employee. In the U.S., we match 100 of up to 4 of eligible annual compensation contributed, up to federal tax law limits on both eligible compensation that may be considered for contribution and the amount employees may contribute. In the U.K., the plan provides for an employer matching contribution of 5.5-8 of eligible base salary compensation dependent on the participant contributing 3.5-6 of eligible base salary compensation. 
 
 Our employee stock purchase plan (the "Employee Stock Purchase Plan") is designed to allow our eligible employees to purchase shares of our common stock at designated intervals at a discounted price of 10 through their accumulated payroll deductions or other contributions. Employees who are United States tax residents may benefit from favorable tax treatment as the Employee Stock Purchase Plan is intended to qualify as an employee stock purchase plan under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 We provide basic life and accident insurance coverage valued at two times the employee s annual base salary at no cost to our employees. The employee may also select supplemental life and accident insurance, for a premium to be paid by the employee. 
 
 We also provide our NEOs with limited perquisites and personal benefits that are not generally available to all employees, such as financial counseling services. We provide these limited perquisites and personal benefits in order to further our goal of attracting and retaining our executive talent and to avoid unnecessary personal distractions that may impede maximum personal performance. These benefits and perquisites are reflected in the All Other Compensation column of the Summary Compensation Table and the accompanying footnotes in accordance with SEC rules. Other than with respect to tax equalization and related tax gross-up payments made in respect of two of our NEOs, Mr. Maselli and Dr. Boerman, who lived and worked, at our request, in a jurisdiction other than his or her primary tax domicile, as described below in note 6(C) to our Fiscal 2023 Summary Compensation Table, during fiscal 2023 we did not gross up for the income tax consequences of any benefit or perquisite. 
 147 

DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 
 
 Our deferred compensation programs (collectively, the Deferred Compensation Plan permit a broad group of U.S.- and U.K.-based executives, including all of our NEOs (other than Dr. Boerman), to defer up to 80 of base salary, commissions (not applicable to NEOs), and MIP bonus. We credit the first 6 of cash compensation deferred with a matching contribution equal to 50 of the amount deferred. Participants are immediately vested in all amounts they contribute and the related investment gains, but matching contributions and their related investment gains vest ratably over the participant s first four years of service. Participants may choose from a variety of investment options for the cash amounts deferred. 
 
 Under the Deferred Compensation Plan, we also credit each participant s deferral account with notional earnings and/or losses based on the deemed investment of the accounts in one or more of a variety of investment alternatives selected by such participant. Participants may elect from a variety of forms of payout, including lump-sum payment and various types of annual installments, with the timing depending on the form selected. 
 
 In addition, our Deferred Compensation Plan permits U.S. participants to defer unvested incentive compensation grants (other than options) in order to delay recognition of income on these awards upon vesting. 
 
 Cash and equity deferrals, company contributions, and applicable gains are held in a rabbi trust. Rabbi trust assets are ultimately controlled by us. Operating the Deferred Compensation Plan this way permits participants to defer recognition of income for tax purposes on the amounts deferred until they are paid to the participants. 
 
 Our U.S.- and U.K.-based directors can also participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan on the same terms as our executives, though they are not provided a matching contribution on their cash deferrals. 
 
 We believe that providing the NEOs and other eligible participants with deferred compensation opportunities is a market-based benefit plan necessary for us to deliver competitive benefit packages. Additional details of the Deferred Compensation Plan follow the table entitled Fiscal 2023 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Table, following this Compensation Discussion Analysis ("CD A") section. 
 
 SEVERANCE AND PAYMENTS ON A CHANGE OF CONTROL 
 
 Our NEOs are eligible for severance benefits in connection with a termination of employment and/or a change of control in certain circumstances. The amounts of such benefits and the conditions for their payment are described in the Fiscal 2023 Potential Payments upon Employment Termination or Change of Control Tables, including the accompanying notes. 
 
 Compensation Determinations for 2023 
 
 We generally review the base salary and other incentive compensation target amounts of our executive officers, including our NEOs, annually, consistent with the process for our employees generally. For fiscal 2023, compensation paid to our NEOs consisted of base salary, short-term incentive pay in the form of participation in the MIP, equity-based, long-term incentive awards subject to multi-year time- and performance-vesting criteria, and the opportunity to participate in certain benefit programs and other perquisites. 
 
 The Compensation Committee observed at the beginning of fiscal 2022 that executive compensation opportunities were meaningfully low versus peer and market data overall and the Compensation Committee determined to move targeted pay levels over a multi-year period which resulted in larger pay increases than in the past for certain individuals, particularly in their long-term incentive award grant values. It continued with this strategy when setting fiscal 2023 target pay opportunities in July 2022. Despite the target total direct compensation increases, and due to continued market movement, Catalent s fiscal 2023 target total direct compensation levels generally remained below the market median (except for two NEOs who were provided one-time promotion awards in fiscal 2023 to recognize their increased responsibilities and incentivize continued performance). In line with the above, the Compensation Committee does not target a specific market position when determining executive target compensation levels. 
 
 148 

Alessandro Maselli The following determinations reflect Mr. Maselli s transition to President and Chief Executive Officer in fiscal 2023 
 Base Salary : Increased to 925,000 from 654,183 as President and Chief Operating Officer in fiscal 2022 
 MIP : Zero bonus, equal to 0 of target opportunity of 1,018,000, or 0 of salary (target increased from 80 of salary as President and Chief Operating Officer in fiscal 2022) 
 LTIP : Award with a grant date fair value of 5,500,235 (increased from 1,700,177 as President and Chief Operating Officer in fiscal 2022) 
 Thomas Castellano Base Salary : Increased by 50,000 to 550,000 
 MIP : Target opportunity of 450,000, or 82 of salary (target increased from 80 of salary in fiscal 2022) (forfeited upon his departure from Catalent) 
 LTIP: Award with a grant date fair value of 1,250,101 (increased from 600,166 in fiscal 2022 in his prior role); all fiscal 2023 awards were forfeited upon his departure from Catalent 
 Ricky Hopson Base Salary: 380,000 
 MIP: 139,500 bonus, equal to 45 of target opportunity of 310,000, or 37 of base salary 
 LTIP: Award with a grant date fair value of 350,182 (increased from 280,160 in fiscal 2022) 
 Monthly stipend in the amount of 10,000 for April 2023, 20,000 for May 2023 and 20,000 for June 2023 50,000 paid in fiscal 2023), for his service as Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 Steven L. Fasman The following determinations reflect Mr. Fasman s transition to Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer in fiscal 2023 
 Base Salary: Increased to 625,000 from 600,000 as Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary in fiscal 2022 
 MIP: 135,000 bonus, equal to 27 of target opportunity of 500,000, or 22 of base salary (target increased from 77 of base salary as Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary in fiscal 2022) 
 LTIP: Award with a grant date fair value of 1,500,246 (increased from 1,000,193 in fiscal 2022) 
 Aristippos Gennadios The following determinations reflect Mr. Gennadios transition to Group President, Pharma and Consumer Health in fiscal 2023 
 Base Salary: Increased by 100,000 to 600,000 
 MIP: 135,000 bonus, equal to 27 of target opportunity of 500,000, 23 of salary (target increased from 80 of salary as President, Softgel Oral Technologies in fiscal 2022) 
 LTIP: Award with a grant date fair value of 1,000,197 (increased from 500,207 in fiscal 2022) 
 Award of RSUs with a grant date fair value of 2,000,097 granted in July 2022 in connection with his promotion and additional responsibilities 
 John Chiminski The following determinations reflect Mr. Chiminski s transition to Executive Chair of the Board in fiscal 2023 
 Base Salary: Decreased to 700,000 from 1,075,000 as Chair and CEO in fiscal 2022 
 MIP: Zero bonus, equal to 0 of target opportunity of 700,000, or 0 of salary (target decreased from 126 of salary as Chair and CEO in fiscal 2022) 
 LTIP: Award with a grant date fair value of 4,000,069 (decreased from 9,300,340 in fiscal 2022) 
 Manja Boerman Base Salary: Increased by 75,000 to 500,000 
 MIP: Zero bonus, equal to 0 of target opportunity of 400,000, or 0 of base salary 
 LTIP: Award with a grant date fair value of 650,151 (increased from 500,207 in fiscal 2022) 
 Award of Performance Restricted Stock Units ("PRSUs") with a grant date fair value of 2,000,088 in connection with her expanded responsibilities, which would vest from 0-200 of target based upon the achievement against pre-determined revenue of the BioModalities Division during fiscal 2026 (all outstanding unvested equity-based awards, including the PRSUs, will be cancelled based on the existing terms of the awards, in connection with her termination by mutual consent when such negotiations are complete) 

1 Converted from pounds sterling to U.S. dollars at an exchange rate of 1.3325:1, which represents the average of the monthly rates during fiscal 2022. 
 
 Other Compensation Practices and Policies 
 
 EXECUTIVE AGREEMENTS 
 
 The following is a description of the provisions of employment agreements and offer letters with our NEOs, as in effect during fiscal 2023. In addition, our NEOs have entered into agreements with respect to the long-term incentive grants they have received, the terms of which are described elsewhere in this Annual Report. Severance agreements and arrangements affecting our NEOs are further described in the table entitled "Fiscal 2023 Potential Payments upon Employment Termination or Change of Control Tables" and accompanying notes. 
 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT FOR ALESSANDRO MASELLI 
 149 

On January 4, 2022, we entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Maselli in connection with his transition to his current position as President and Chief Executive Officer. Effective July 1, 2022, (1) his base salary increased to 925,000, (2) his target cash incentive opportunity under the MIP for fiscal 2023 increased to 1,018,000, and (3) his LTIP grant in respect of fiscal 2023 increased to 5,500,000. The terms also include (a) a one-year employment term commencing July 1, 2022, which automatically extends for successive one-year periods unless either party gives notice of non-renewal at least 60 days before the end of the then-current term, and (b) participation in all group health, life, disability, and other employee benefit and perquisite plans and programs in which our other senior executives generally participate. 
 
 Mr. Maselli is subject to a covenant not to (x) compete with us or solicit the business of any client or prospective client while employed and for one year following his termination of employment for any reason or (y) solicit our employees or consultants while employed and for two years following his termination of employment for any reason, in each case subject to certain specified exclusions. The agreement also contains customary confidential information, assignment of intellectual property rights, and indemnification provisions, as well as the severance terms described below under Fiscal 2023 Potential Payments upon Employment Termination or Change of Control Tables Severance and Payments on a Change of Control. 
 
 OFFER LETTER FOR THOMAS CASTELLANO 
 
 On May 10, 2021, we provided a letter to Mr. Castellano, with an effective date of June 1, 2021, in connection with his appointment as our senior vice president and chief financial officer. The letter set his base salary and MIP target at 500,000 and 400,000, respectively, and provided that he be recommended to receive an LTIP grant for fiscal 2022 of 600,000. On July 27, 2022, we provided a letter to Mr. Castellano that increased his base pay to 550,000, effective July 21, 2022, increased his MIP target to 450,000, and increased his LTIP target for the fiscal 2023-2025 performance period to 1,250,000 for fiscal 2023. 
 
 Mr. Castellano ceased serving as Chief Financial Officer effective April 13, 2023 and separated from the Company effective April 21, 2023. For a description of the severance benefits that Mr. Castellano is entitled to receive in connection with his involuntary termination without cause under his pre-existing severance agreement, please see the discussion below under the heading Severance and Termination Benefits Mr. Castellano. 
 
 OFFER LETTER FOR RICKY HOPSON 
 
 On July 1, 2022, we provided a letter to Mr. Hopson in connection with his promotion to President, Division Head for Clinical Development Supply. The letter set his base salary and MIP target at 380,000 and 310,000, respectively, and provided that he be recommended to receive an LTIP grant for fiscal 2023 of 350,000. 
 
 On May 1, 2023, we provided a letter to Mr. Hopson, with an effective date of April 14, 2023, in connection with his appointment as our Interim Chief Financial Officer. The letter provided that he would be entitled to receive an additional cash stipend of 20,000 per month for the duration of his assignment until such time as the Company hired a permanent Chief Financial Officer, and that all other elements of his existing compensation would remain unchanged. 
 
 OFFER LETTER FOR STEVEN L. FASMAN 
 
 On March 13, 2018, we provided a letter to Mr. Fasman setting forth certain terms of his employment, with immediate effect. The letter set his base salary and MIP target at 550,000 and 412,500, respectively, and provided that he be recommended to receive an LTIP grant for fiscal 2019 of 650,000. We increased Mr. Fasman s base salary, effective July 2020, to 600,000. On July 7, 2022, we provided an updated letter to Mr. Fasman in connection with his transition to Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer. Effective July 1, 2022, (1) his base salary increased to 625,000, (2) his target cash incentive opportunity under the MIP for fiscal 2023 increased to 500,000, and (3) his LTIP grant in respect of fiscal 2023 increased to 1,500,000. Mr. Fasman left our company in September 2023 to take another opportunity. 
 
 OFFER LETTER FOR ARISTIPPOS GENNADIOS 
 
 On March 15, 2018, we provided a letter to Dr. Gennadios setting forth certain terms of his employment, with immediate effect. The letter set his base salary and MIP target at 420,000 and 315,000, respectively, and provided that he be recommended to receive an LTIP grant for fiscal 2019 of 450,000. We increased Dr. Gennadios s base salary, effective July 2021, to 500,000. On July 7, 2022, we provided an updated letter to Dr. Gennadios in connection with his transition to Group President, Pharma and Consumer Health. Effective July 1, 2022, (1) his base salary increased to 600,000, (2) his target cash incentive opportunity under the MIP for fiscal 2023 increased to 500,000, and (3) his LTIP grant in respect of fiscal 2023 increased to 1,000,000. In addition, Dr. Gennadios received a one-time grant of RSUs vesting three years from the grant date with a grant-date value of 2,000,000. 
 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT OF JOHN CHIMINSKI 
 150 

As in effect at the beginning of fiscal 2022, Mr. Chiminski s employment agreement, as amended, provided for a three-year employment term commencing August 23, 2017, which automatically extended for successive one-year periods unless either party gave notice of non-renewal at least 60 days before the end of the then-current term. The terms included (1) an annual base salary of 1,075,000, subject to discretionary increases from time to time, (2) continued participation in our MIP, with a minimum annual target amount of 1,350,000, (3) continued participation in our annual LTIP with a minimum annual target grant value of 9,075,000, and (4) participation in all group health, life, disability, and other employee benefit and perquisite plans and programs in which our other senior executives generally participate. He also received annual reimbursements for the reasonable cost of (1) premiums for an executive life insurance policy (not to exceed 15,000) and (2) financial services/planning (not to exceed 15,000). On January 4, 2022, we entered into an amended and restated one-year employment agreement with Mr. Chiminski in connection with his transition to Executive Chair. Effective July 1, 2022, (1) his annual base salary decreased to 700,000, (2) his target cash incentive opportunity under the MIP for fiscal 2023 decreased to 700,000, and (3) his LTIP grant in respect of fiscal 2023 decreased to 4,000,000 (granted entirely in the form of RSUs vesting one year from the grant date). 
 
 Mr. Chiminski is subject to a covenant not to (x) compete with us or solicit the business of any client or prospective client while employed and for one year following his termination of employment for any reason or (y) solicit our employees or consultants while employed and for two years following his termination of employment for any reason, in each case subject to certain specified exclusions. The agreement also contains customary confidential information, assignment of intellectual property rights, and indemnification provisions. 
 
 Effective June 30, 2023, Mr. Chiminski retired from the Company. In connection with Mr. Chiminski s retirement from the Company, all of his then-outstanding equity awards will continue to vest in accordance with the terms of his outstanding award agreements and he continues to be eligible to receive financial planning reimbursements up to 15,000 (per calendar year) for one-year following his departure in accordance with the policy approved by the Compensation Committee for all members of the executive leadership team following their retirement from the Company. 
 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT AND LONG-TERM ASSIGNMENT LETTER FOR MANJA BOERMAN 
 
 On October 8, 2019, Dr. Boerman entered into an employment agreement with Catalent Pharma Solutions GmbH, for employment in the Netherlands as Region President, Biologics EU to commence on January 2, 2020. Effective June 1, 2020, Dr. Boerman was promoted to President, Cell Gene Therapy, her annual base salary increased to 425,000, her MIP target increased to 340,000, and her LTIP target increased to 500,000 for the fiscal 2021-2023 performance period. She was also granted RSUs valued at 200,000 that would vest 100 on the third anniversary of the grant date. Effective July 21, 2022, Dr. Boerman s base salary increased to 500,000, her MIP target increased to 400,000 for fiscal year 2023, and her LTIP target for the fiscal 2023-2025 performance period increased to 650,000. In addition, Dr. Boerman received a PRSU incentive grant with a target value of 2,000,000. The actual number of PRSUs that would ultimately vest would range from 0-200 of the target number of shares. The vesting of the PRSU grant and distribution of shares under the grant, if any, would be based on revenue targets for fiscal year 2026 and would occur after the Board approves the Company s audited consolidated financial statements for that fiscal year. If Dr. Boerman s employment was terminated before the completion of such revenue determination for any reason other than death or disability, the PRSUs would cease vesting and would be forfeited. On October 10, 2022, we provided Dr. Boerman a long-term international assignment letter setting forth certain terms of her long-term assignment from the Netherlands to the United States. Dr. Boerman was provided a car allowance of 24,000 per year, a cost of living differential of 3,455 per month, a lodging stipend of 6,360 net per month, and was enrolled in an international benefit plan. Dr. Boerman s assignment-related allowances and benefits are consistent with our standard practices and polices applicable, by location, to employees on long-term assignments. Dr. Boerman s base salary, MIP and LTIP targets, and other conditions of employment remained unchanged. 
 
 Dr. Boerman was removed from her position as President, Division Head for Biomodalities effective as of April 25, 2023, and upon her removal was offered garden leave for the entirety of the six months notice period under her employment agreement. Dr. Boerman continued to receive her salary through the end of fiscal 2023 while we continued to negotiate the terms of her separation during her period of garden leave. All outstanding unvested equity-based awards granted to Dr. Boerman, including the PRSUs, will be cancelled based upon the existing terms of the awards, in connection with her termination by mutual consent when such negotiations are complete. 
 
 EXECUTIVE STOCK OWNERSHIP GUIDELINES 
 
 Our executive stock ownership guidelines for our CEO and certain of our executives, including the other NEOs, set a multiple of each executive s base salary as the amount of qualifying equity to be acquired and held by each executive. In assessing compliance with the guidelines, we count shares held outright, 50 of the value of unvested RSUs (or restricted stock issued in lieu thereof), and 100 of shares held in benefit plans, if any. Shares underlying stock options (vested or unvested) or unearned PSUs do not count toward achievement of the guidelines. Our guidelines by executive level are as follows: 
 
 151 

If, on the date of any exercise of an option to purchase our common stock or the delivery of our common stock underlying any vested RSU or PSU, an executive has not reached the minimum ownership level under the guidelines, then the executive should retain and not sell that portion of the delivered shares whose market value is equal to at least 50 of the after-tax market value of all shares delivered on that date. For purposes of complying with this provision of the guidelines, the market value is equal to the average closing price per share of our common stock as reported on the NYSE for all trading days in the last month of the prior fiscal year. 
 
 All of our NEOs complied with these guidelines during fiscal 2023 and have remained in compliance through the date of this Annual Report. 
 
 HEDGING AND PLEDGING 
 
 Our Insider Trading Policy prohibits directors and all of our employees, including our executive officers, from engaging in any transactions that are designed to hedge or offset any decrease in the market value of our securities, including, but not limited to, through the use of financial instruments such as exchange funds, variable forward contracts, equity swaps, puts, calls, and other derivative instruments, or through the establishment of a short position in our securities. Though our Insider Trading Policy allows the pledging by our directors and employees, including our executive officers, of our securities in situations approved by our General Counsel, our current policy and practice is that no such pledging is allowed. 
 
 RISK ASSESSMENT OF COMPENSATION PRACTICES AND POLICIES 
 
 With the assistance of its independent consultant, the Compensation Committee annually reviews our compensation program from a risk perspective. Based on that review, the Compensation Committee believes that our program is not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us and our shareholders. Our compensation program achieves this by striking an appropriate balance between short-term and long-term incentives, using a diversity of metrics to assess performance and payout under our incentive programs, placing caps on our incentive award payout opportunities, and having stock ownership and retention requirements. For example, our current long-term equity incentive program incorporates our financial performance and stock price into its performance measures and generally magnifies the impact of changes in our stock price as well as Relative Return performance. 
 
 Compensation Committee Report 
 
 The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed with management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on its review and discussions, the Compensation Committee recommended to our Board that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC. 
 
 Submitted by the Compensation Committee: 
 
 Gregory T. Lucier, Chair 
 Michael J. Barber 
 J. Martin Carroll 
 Rolf Classon 
 Frank D Amelio 
 Stephanie Okey 
 
 Date: December 6, 2023 
 
 Executive Compensation Tables 
 
 Fiscal 2023 Summary Compensation Table 
 152 

Name and Principal 
 position (1) 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary ) (2) 
 
 Bonus ) 
 
 Stock Awards ) (3) 
 
 Option Awards ) (4) 
 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) (5) 
 
 All Other Compensation ) (6) 
 
 Total 
 ) (7) 
 
 Alessandro Maselli 
 
 2023 
 
 925,000 
 - 
 
 3,850,216 
 1,650,019 
 - 
 158,437 
 6,583,672 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2022 
 
 654,183 
 
 - 
 
 1,190,169 
 
 510,008 
 
 733,000 
 
 146,670 
 
 3,234,030 
 
 2021 
 
 639,689 
 
 - 
 
 908,287 
 
 375,022 
 
 770,144 
 
 1,866,588 
 
 4,559,730 
 
 Thomas Castellano (8) 
 
 2023 
 
 443,654 
 - 
 
 875,098 
 375,003 
 - 
 1,036,228 
 2,729,983 
 Former Senior Vice President 
 and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 2022 
 
 500,000 
 
 - 
 
 420,150 
 
 180,016 
 
 548,240 
 
 22,661 
 
 1,671,067 
 
 2021 
 372,949 
 - 
 964,123 
 82,507 
 337,003 
 21,964 
 1,778,546 
 Ricky Hopson (9) 
 
 2023 
 
 380,000 
 - 
 
 245,150 
 105,032 
 139,500 
 102,625 
 972,307 
 President, Division Head for Clinical Development Supply and Former Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 Steven L. Fasman (10) 
 
 2023 
 
 625,000 
 - 
 
 1,050,221 
 450,025 
 135,000 
 50,053 
 2,310,299 
 Former Executive Vice President Chief Administrative Officer 
 2022 
 
 600,000 
 
 - 
 
 1,200,253 
 
 300,016 
 
 644,276 
 
 54,978 
 
 2,799,523 
 
 2021 
 
 591,313 
 
 - 
 
 791,744 
 
 210,008 
 
 670,036 
 
 54,504 
 
 2,317,605 
 
 Aristippos Gennadios (9) 
 
 2023 
 
 600,000 
 - 
 
 2,700,277 
 300,017 
 135,000 
 64,263 
 3,799,557 
 Group President, Pharma and Consumer Health 
 
 2022 
 
 485,769 
 
 - 
 
 850,275 
 
 150,008 
 
 572,240 
 
 67,212 
 
 2,125,504 
 
 John Chiminski 
 
 2023 
 
 700,000 
 - 
 
 4,000,069 
 - 
 - 
 107,698 
 4,807,767 
 Former Executive Chair 
 
 2022 
 
 1,075,000 
 
 - 
 
 6,510,335 
 
 2,790,005 
 
 1,890,810 
 
 141,367 
 
 12,407,517 
 
 2021 
 
 1,052,569 
 
 - 
 
 6,689,674 
 
 2,722,522 
 
 2,000,000 
 
 116,374 
 
 12,581,139 
 
 Manja Boerman (9) (11) 
 
 2023 
 
 511,387 
 - 
 
 2,455,217 
 195,022 
 - 
 818,262 
 3,979,888 
 Former President, Division Head for Biomodalities 
 
 (1) As of June 30, 2023. Mr. Castellano ceased serving as Chief Financial Officer on April 13, 2023 and separated from the Company on April 21, 2023. Mr. Hopson assumed the additional role of Interim Chief Financial Officer effective as of April 14, 2023 until Matti Masanovich was appointed as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer effective as of July 5, 2023. Following Mr. Masanovich s appointment, Mr. Hopson returned to his previous role as President, Division Head of Clinical Development and Supply. Effective June 30, 2023, Mr. Chiminski retired from the Company. Dr. Boerman served as President, Division Head for Biomodalities until April 24, 2023, and, upon her removal from that position, was offered garden leave for the entirety of the six months notice period under her employment agreement. Compensation changes related to these transitions are described in the CD A in the section entitled Executive Agreements. 
 
 (2) Values reflect the amounts paid to the NEOs for each fiscal year reported. Amounts reported include the portion, if any, of base salary each NEO elected to defer under the Deferred Compensation Plan, as applicable. The values reported for Mr. Maselli during fiscal years 2022 and 2021 include a portion of his annual base salary rate expressed in U.K. pounds sterling that was converted to and paid in U.S. dollars, based on average monthly currency exchange rates applicable at the time of payment, in connection with his relocation to the United States. The value reported for Dr. Boerman reflects her U.S. dollar denominated salary, a portion of which is allocated to a statutorily-required holiday allowance in the Netherlands, expressed in Euros based on average monthly currency exchange rates. Dr. Boerman continued to receive her salary through the end of fiscal 2023 while we continued to negotiate the terms of her separation, during her period of garden leave. Please see the CD A for additional details of changes to the salaries of the NEOs during fiscal year 2023, as applicable. 
 
 (3) Represents the aggregate grant date fair value of stock awards for fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021 computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, using the assumptions discussed in Note 14, Stock-Based Compensation, to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. The amounts reported in this column assume, in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, that the NEOs will receive or retain the target number of PSUs awarded to them in each such fiscal year. All of our NEOs, other than Mr. Chiminski, received PSUs during fiscal year 2023. If, instead, the performance during the 2023-25 performance period is such that the NEOs receive or retain the maximum number capable of being awarded (200 of target for Adjusted EPS and 150 of target for Relative Return PSUs), the value of the PSU grants for 2023 would be as follows: 
 
 Name ASC Topic 718 Value at Maximum ) Alessandro Maselli 4,812,785 Thomas Castellano 1,093,889 Ricky Hopson 306,425 Steven L. Fasman 1,312,769 Aristippos Gennadios 875,206 Manja Boerman 568,979 
 
 Relative Return PSUs are subject to market conditions, as opposed to performance conditions, and therefore do not have maximum grant date fair values that differ from the grant date fair values under FASB ASC Topic 718. The actual value of the PSUs, if any, that ultimately convert to shares of our common stock or are no longer subject to forfeiture, respectively, on the vesting dates will depend on (x) our share price on such dates and (y) our performance according to the applicable performance criteria. 
 153 

The amount reported for Dr. Gennadios for fiscal 2023 include RSUs with a grant date fair value of 2,000,097 granted on July 1, 2022 in connection with his promotion to Group President, Pharma and Consumer Health. The amount reported for Mr. Chiminski for fiscal 2023 represents RSUs granted in connection with his role as Executive Chair. The amount reported for Dr. Boerman for fiscal 2023 includes PRSUs with a grant date target value of 2,000,088 granted on July 26, 2022. Under the terms of the award to Dr. Boerman, the actual number of PRSUs that will become payable can range from 0 to a maximum 200 of target 4,000,176 at maximum), based on the future net revenue achievement of the BioModalities division during fiscal 2026. 
 
 (4) Reflects nonqualified stock options to acquire shares of our common stock. Amounts reported reflect the aggregate grant date fair value computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 using the assumptions discussed in Note 14, Stock-Based Compensation, to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. 
 
 (5) Amounts reported reflect the MIP awards earned by our NEOs, which includes the portion of the MIP award, if any, each NEO elected to defer under the Deferred Compensation Plan, as applicable. Amounts reported for Mr. Maselli in fiscal 2021 and 2022 were denominated in U.K. pounds sterling and converted to U.S. dollars (as well as paid in U.S. dollars for fiscal 2021 and 2022) based on the average monthly currency exchange rates applicable to annual bonus payments in each period. 
 
 (6) The amounts set forth as All Other Compensation for fiscal 2023 are further detailed below: 

Name 
 Employer 
 401(k) 
 Matching 
 Contributions 
 ) (A) 
 Employer Non - 
 Qualified Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Matching 
 Contributions ) (B) 
 Assignment- 
 Related 
 Allowances 
 Benefits 
 ) (C) 
 Financial Services 
 Reimbursement ) (D) 
 Severance 
 Benefits ) (E) 
 Other 
 ) (F) 
 Total ) 
 Alessandro Maselli 
 - 
 - 
 139,104 
 19,333 
 - 
 - 
 158,437 
 Thomas Castellano 
 10,831 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,025,397 
 - 
 1,036,228 
 Ricky Hopson 
 12,800 
 23,386 
 - 
 16,439 
 - 
 50,000 
 102,625 
 Steven L. Fasman 
 12,700 
 18,724 
 - 
 16,629 
 - 
 2,000 
 50,053 
 Aristippos Gennadios 
 14,200 
 35,063 
 - 
 15,000 
 - 
 - 
 64,263 
 John Chiminski 
 10,044 
 78,114 
 - 
 10,765 
 - 
 8,775 
 107,698 
 Manja Boerman 
 - 
 - 
 818,262 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 818,262 

(A) Under our 401(k) Savings Plan, we match up to a maximum 4 of annual compensation contributed by participants, up to federal tax law limits on both eligible compensation and individual contributions. 
 
 (B) Represents company contributions under our Deferred Compensation Plans, representing 50 of each participant s contribution up to the first 6 of eligible pay that such participant contributes to the plan, up to any applicable limit. 
 
 (C) Mr. Maselli received certain tax equalization benefits during fiscal 2023 in connection with his relocation from the United Kingdom and long-term assignment in the United States prior to fiscal 2023, resulting primarily from timing differences between the determination and payment of U.S. and U.K. taxes across multiple tax years. Such benefits are consistent with our standard policies and practices applicable, by location, to employees on long-term assignments. 
 
 Dr. Boerman received certain benefits, including tax equalization, during fiscal year 2023 in connection with the start of her long-term assignment from the Netherlands to the U.S. in October 2022. Such benefits are consistent with our standard policies and practices applicable, by location, to employees on long-term assignments. The amount reported in this column for Dr. Boerman comprises the following: allowances through April 2023 for housing, car and cost of living in the amounts of 32,778, 20,958, and 21,643, respectively; a 74,219 pension allowance Dr. Boerman did not participate in any formal pension scheme in fiscal 2023; 40,896 for relocation expenses; and aggregate tax equalization benefits and accompanying tax gross-ups paid by us of 562,616. The amounts reported in this column for Dr. Boerman also include allowances paid during May 2023 and June 2023 while we were continuing to negotiate the terms of her separation for car, cost of living, housing and pension in the amounts of 4,192, 6,378, 11,742 and 15,105, respectively. Dr. Boerman became eligible for health care coverage in the U.S. effective September 1, 2022. The amount reported includes the U.S. employer health benefit cost during fiscal 2023 in the amount of 27,735, including costs paid prior to the start of her assignment in October 2022 and while negotiating the terms of her separation (during May 2023 and June 2023) in the amount of 8,367. Amounts reported in this column include certain benefits that were paid in Euros for Dr. Boerman converted to U.S. dollars using an exchange rate of 1.0479:1, which represents the average of the monthly rates during fiscal 2023. 
 
 (D) Each of the NEOs, pursuant to the terms of an employment agreement or otherwise, is entitled to services, which may be submitted in the form of a reimbursement, for the reasonable cost of financial services/planning, subject to an aggregate cap of 15,000 during each calendar year. The amounts reported in each fiscal year may differ from this cap due to timing differences between each fiscal year and calendar year. During fiscal 2023, Messrs. Maselli, Hopson, and Fasman received financial services/planning services in the amounts of 19,333, 16,439, and 16,629, respectively, applicable to calendar years 2022 and 2023. During fiscal 2023, Dr. Gennadios and Mr. Chiminski received financial services/planning reimbursements totaling 15,000 and 10,765, respectively, applicable to calendar years 2022 and 2023. The amount reported in this column for Mr. Maselli includes 2,704 for tax preparation services paid in connection with his long-term assignment in the U.S. prior to fiscal 2023. 
 
 (E) The amount reported for Mr. Castellano includes a severance benefit in the amount of 1,000,012 that will be paid over a one-year period following his separation from Catalent on April 21, 2023 and a one-time payment of 25,385 representing unused paid-time-off for fiscal 2023. 
 
 (F) The amount reported for Mr. Hopson includes an aggregate stipend of 50,000 paid in connection with Mr. Hopson s services as Interim Chief Financial Officer from April through June 2023. The amount reported for Mr. Fasman represents contributions we made under our Catalent Cares matching gift program. Mr. Chiminski s employment agreement entitled him each calendar year during the employment term to be reimbursed for the reasonable cost of premiums for an executive life insurance policy, subject to an aggregate cap of 15,000 each such year. For fiscal 2023, Mr. Chiminski received a reimbursement in the amount of 8,775. From time to time, family members of executives may accompany them on a business-related flight aboard a private aircraft. There is no incremental cost to the Company, and therefore no incremental costs are reflected in the amounts above, for the use of such flights by family members of executives. 
 
 (7) We have not included columns reporting any amount as Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings because none of our NEOs received or earned any above-market or preferential earnings during fiscal 2021 to 2023. 
 
 (8) The grants awarded to Mr. Castellano in fiscal 2023 were cancelled in accordance with their terms when his employment ended on April 21, 2023. 
 
 (9) Mr. Hopson, Dr. Gennadios, and Dr. Boerman did not qualify as NEOs in one or more previous years. Accordingly, disclosure of their compensation for such prior years is not required. 
 154 

(10) The grants awarded to Mr. Fasman in fiscal 2023 were cancelled in accordance with their terms when his employment ended on September 13, 2023. 
 
 (11) All outstanding unvested equity-based awards granted to Dr. Boerman, including the awards granted during fiscal 2023 and shown in the table above, will be cancelled in accordance with their terms upon her termination by mutual consent when such negotiations are complete. 

Fiscal 2023 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table 
 155 

Estimated Possible Payouts 
 Under Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Awards (1) 
 Estimated Future Payments 
 Under Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Awards (2) 
 All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares of Stock or Units (3) (#) 
 All Other Option Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Options (4) (#) 
 Exercise or Base Price of Option Awards /Sh) Grant Date Fair Value of Stock 
 and 
 Option Awards (5) ) 
 Name Grant Date Threshold ) Target ) Max ) Threshold (#) Target (#) Max (#) Alessandro Maselli 228,032 1,018,000 2,036,000 7/26/2022 44,427 107.63 1,650,019 7/26/2022 10,221 1,100,086 7/26/2022 6,388 12,776 25,552 1,375,081 7/26/2022 6,948 13,895 20,843 1,375,049 Thomas Castellano (6) 
 100,800 450,000 900,000 7/26/2022 10,097 107.63 375,003 7/26/2022 2,323 250,024 7/26/2022 1,452 2,904 5,808 312,558 7/26/2022 1,579 3,158 4,737 312,516 Ricky Hopson 69,440 310,000 620,000 7/26/2022 2,828 107.63 105,032 7/26/2022 651 70,067 7/26/2022 407 813 1,626 87,503 7/26/2022 443 885 1,328 87,580 Steven L. Fasman (7) 
 112,000 500,000 1,000,000 7/26/2022 12,117 107.63 450,025 7/26/2022 2,788 300,072 7/26/2022 1,743 3,485 6,970 375,091 7/26/2022 1,895 3,790 5,685 375,058 Aristippos Gennadios 112,000 500,000 1,000,000 7/01/2022 18,689 2,000,097 7/26/2022 8,078 107.63 300,017 7/26/2022 1,859 200,084 7/26/2022 1,162 2,323 4,646 250,024 7/26/2022 1,264 2,527 3,791 250,072 John Chiminski 156,800 700,000 1,400,000 7/26/2022 37,165 4,000,069 Manja Boerman (8) 
 89,600 400,000 800,000 7/26/2022 5,251 107.63 195,022 7/26/2022 1,208 130,017 7/26/2022 755 1,510 3,020 162,521 7/26/2022 822 1,643 2,465 162,591 7/26/2022 9,292 18,583 37,166 2,000,088 
 
 (1) For each NEO, represents potential cash payments for fiscal 2023 under our MIP. See the section in our CD A entitled Details of Total Direct Compensation Elements Management Incentive Plan for a further description of our MIP. 
 
 (2) The amounts shown reflect PSUs, and for Dr. Boerman, PRSUs, granted to the NEOs during fiscal 2023. In fiscal 2023, the Compensation Committee continued to set the performance metrics for the PSUs awarded under our LTIP using Adjusted EPS and Relative Return, each of which will apply to 50 of the total PSU value awarded, as reflected in the table above. The final number of PSUs can range from 0-200 of the target number of Adjusted EPS PSUs and 0-150 of the target number of Relative Return PSUs, depending on our achievement against each relevant performance metric established by the Compensation Committee at the beginning of the performance period. The final number of PRSUs granted to Dr. Boerman can range from 0 to 200 of the target based on the future Net Revenue achievement of the BioModalities Division during fiscal 2026. See the section in our CD A entitled Details of Total Direct Compensation Elements Long-Term Incentive Awards for a further description of our long-term incentive compensation program. 
 
 156 

(3) Represents RSUs granted to the NEOs during fiscal 2023. Each NEO received RSUs on July 26, 2022 under our LTIP as their fiscal 2023 annual grant. Dr. Gennadios received an additional RSU award on July 1, 2022 in connection with his promotion to Group President, Pharma Consumer Health. The vesting and settlement terms of the RSUs are described in more detail in the section in our CD A entitled Details of Total Direct Compensation Elements Long-Term Incentive Awards. 
 
 (4) Represents nonqualified stock options granted during fiscal 2023 under our LTIP. Stock options have an exercise price based on the closing price per share of our common stock on the date of grant, as reported on the NYSE. Each NEO, except for Mr. Chiminski, was granted stock options on July 26, 2022 under our LTIP as their fiscal 2023 annual grant. See the section in our CD A entitled Details of Total Direct Compensation Elements Long-Term Incentive Awards for a further description of our stock option grants. 
 
 (5) The values of equity-based grants presented in this table were calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 using the assumptions discussed in Note 14, Stock-Based Compensation, to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. The stock price used in each calculation is the closing price per share of our common stock on each respective grant date, as reported on the NYSE. The values of the Adjusted EPS PSU grants reported in this column assume that the awards will vest at their target amounts. 
 
 (6) The grants awarded to Mr. Castellano in fiscal 2023 were cancelled in accordance with their terms when his employment ended on April 21, 2023, which also made him ineligible for a bonus under our MIP for fiscal 2023. 
 
 (7) The grants awarded to Mr. Fasman in fiscal 2023 were cancelled in accordance with their terms when his employment ended on September 13, 2023. 
 
 (8) All outstanding unvested equity-based awards granted to Dr. Boerman, including the awards granted during fiscal 2023 and shown in the table above, will be cancelled in accordance with their terms upon her termination by mutual consent when such negotiations are complete. 
 
 Fiscal 2023 Outstanding Equity Awards at Year-End Table 

Option Awards (1) 
 Stock Awards Name Grant Date Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable (b) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable (c) Option Exercise Price ) (e) Option Expiration Date (2) 
 (f) 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 or Units 
 of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) (3) (g) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That 
 Have Not Vested 
 ) (4) 
 (h) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, 
 Units 
 or Other Rights 
 That Have Not 
 Vested 
 (#) (5) 
 (i) 
 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested 
 ) (4) (5) 
 (J) 
 Alessandro Maselli 7/26/2022 44,427 107.63 7/26/2032 7/26/2022 10,221 443,183 7/26/2022 6,388 276,984 7/26/2022 6,948 301,265 7/26/2021 3,892 11,676 113.00 7/26/2031 7/26/2021 3,009 130,470 7/26/2021 1,881 81,560 7/26/2021 1,949 84,509 7/30/2020 7,696 7,699 88.10 7/30/2030 7/30/2020 2,838 123,056 7/30/2020 3,761 163,077 7/22/2019 10,299 3,436 54.94 7/22/2029 7/23/2018 10,523 43.88 7/23/2028 7/24/2017 10,375 36.02 7/24/2027 9/08/2016 11,093 23.89 9/8/2026 Thomas Castellano (6) 
 7/26/2021 1,373 113.00 7/26/2031 7/30/2020 1,692 88.10 7/30/2030 7/22/2019 2,698 54.94 7/22/2029 7/23/2018 2,806 43.88 7/23/2028 7/24/2017 1,730 36.02 7/24/2027 Ricky Hopson 7/26/2022 2,828 107.63 7/26/2032 7/26/2022 651 28,227 
 157 

7/26/2022 407 17,648 7/26/2022 443 19,208 7/26/2021 641 1,924 113.00 7/26/2031 7/26/2021 496 21,507 7/26/2021 310 13,442 7/26/2021 321 13,919 6/01/2021 3,432 148,812 7/30/2020 1,526 1,529 88.10 7/30/2020 7/30/2020 563 24,412 7/30/2020 747 32,390 7/22/2019 2,432 1,218 54.94 7/22/2029 7/23/2018 2,622 43.88 7/23/2028 7/24/2017 1,550 36.02 7/24/2027 Steven L. Fasman (7) 
 7/26/2022 12,117 107.63 7/26/2032 7/26/2022 2,788 120,888 7/26/2022 1,743 75,576 7/26/2022 1,895 82,167 1/03/2022 4,017 174,177 7/26/2021 2,289 6,869 113.00 7/26/2031 7/26/2021 1,770 76,747 7/26/2021 1,107 48,000 7/26/2021 1,147 49,734 7/30/2020 2,155 4,311 88.10 7/30/2030 7/30/2020 1,590 68,942 7/30/2020 2,838 123,056 7/30/2020 2,107 91,360 7/22/2019 3,311 3,311 54.94 7/22/2029 7/23/2018 3,802 43.88 7/23/2028 Aristippos Gennadios 7/26/2022 8,078 107.63 7/26/2032 7/26/2022 1,859 80,606 7/26/2022 1,162 50,384 7/26/2022 1,264 54,807 7/01/2022 18,689 810,355 1/03/2022 4,017 174,177 7/26/2021 1,144 3,435 113.00 7/26/2031 7/26/2021 885 38,374 7/26/2021 554 24,021 7/26/2021 574 24,889 7/30/2020 3,078 3,080 88.10 7/30/2030 7/30/2020 1,136 49,257 7/30/2020 1,505 65,257 7/22/2019 6,621 2,209 54.94 7/22/2029 7/23/2018 10,523 43.88 7/23/2028 7/24/2017 3,243 36.02 7/24/2027 John Chiminski 7/26/2022 37,165 1,611,474 
 158 

7/26/2021 21,291 63,874 113.00 7/26/2031 7/26/2021 16,461 713,749 7/26/2021 6,859 297,406 7/26/2021 7,107 308,160 7/30/2020 55,880 55,882 88.10 7/30/2030 7/30/2020 20,602 893,303 7/30/2020 27,298 1,183,641 7/22/2019 64,748 32,375 54.94 7/22/2029 7/23/2018 34,638 43.88 7/23/2028 Manja Boerman (8) 
 7/26/2022 5,251 107.63 7/26/2032 7/26/2022 1,208 52,379 7/26/2022 755 32,737 7/26/2022 822 35,642 7/26/2022 18,583 805,759 1/03/2022 4,017 174,177 7/26/2021 1,144 3,435 113.00 7/26/2031 7/26/2021 885 38,374 7/26/2021 554 24,021 7/26/2021 574 24,889 7/30/2020 3,078 3,080 88.10 7/30/2030 7/30/2020 1,136 49,257 7/30/2020 1,505 67,257 12/02/2019 6,333 2,112 51.43 12/2/2029 
 
 (1) Unvested outstanding time-based options are scheduled to vest on the applicable anniversaries of the respective grant dates. Options granted prior to fiscal 2023 for which a portion vested during fiscal 2023 are as follows: options granted July 23, 2018 25 on each of July 23, 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022; options granted July 22, 2019 25 on each of July 22, 2020, 2021 and 2022; options granted July 30, 2020 25 on each of July 30, 2021 and 2022; options granted July 26, 2021 25 on July 26, 2022. All other options shown above were fully vested prior to the start of fiscal 2023. As described in the section of this Annual Report entitled Fiscal 2023 Potential Payments Upon Employment Termination or Change in Control Tables, the vesting of all or a portion of each option grant may potentially differ from the normal vesting schedule due to a change of control of our company or certain terminations of employment. 
 
 (2) The expiration dates shown represent the 10-year anniversary of each respective grant date. Options may terminate earlier under certain circumstances, such as in connection with an NEO s termination of employment or in connection with certain corporate transactions, including a change of control of our company. 
 
 (3) The amounts shown for all of our NEOs include RSUs scheduled to vest on July 30, 2023, July 26, 2024 and July 26, 2025, with additional RSUs granted to the following NEOs as follows: Mr. Hopson June 1, 2024; Mr. Fasman July 30, 2023 and January 3, 2025; Dr. Gennadios January 3, 2025 and July 1, 2025; Dr. Boerman January 3, 2025. Unvested RSUs are scheduled to vest on the third anniversary of each respective grant date. The amounts shown also include PSUs granted on July 30, 2020 that were earned as of the end of the three-year performance period ending on June 30, 2023 and vested on December 8, 2023, the date the Compensation Committee certified the attainment of actual performance levels achieved relative to the pre-determined Adjusted EPS performance targets. No portion of the PSUs granted on July 30, 2020 were earned based on performance relative to pre-determined Relative Return performance targets. As described in the section of this Annual Report entitled Fiscal 2023 Potential Payments Upon Employment Termination or Change in Control, all or a portion of the RSUs or PSUs may vest earlier in connection with a change of control of our company or certain terminations of employment. 
 
 (4) Shares/units are valued based on the 43.36 closing price per share of our common stock on June 30, 2023, as reported on the NYSE. 
 
 (5) The number of shares and payout values reported include PSUs based on achieving the threshold payout percentages, Adjusted EPS PSUs and Relative Return PSUs that vest at the end of the respective three-year performance periods ending on June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2025. Due to Mr. Chiminski s retirement on June 30, 2023, the number and payout values reported for his July 26, 2021 PSUs represent the pro-rated number of units outstanding for the time he was an active employee during the three-year performance period. The number and payout values reported for Dr. Boerman also include PRSUs granted on July 26, 2022 based on achieving the target payout percentage. Actual PSU payout levels will be determined by the Compensation Committee following the end of each applicable three-year performance period beginning with the fiscal year in which such grant is made, based on actual performance levels achieved relative to the pre-determined performance targets. The actual payout level of PRSUs granted to Dr. Boerman are designed to reflect actual performance of the BioModalities Division during fiscal 2026 relative to the pre-determined performance target. However, all outstanding unvested equity-based awards granted to Dr. Boerman, including the awards granted during fiscal 2023, will be cancelled in accordance with their terms upon her termination by mutual consent when such negotiations are complete. 
 
 (6) Mr. Castellano s employment ended on April 21, 2023. As a result of his departure, all of his outstanding unvested awards were immediately forfeited. In addition, Mr. Castellano had the right to exercise all of his 10,299 vested stock options within 90 days of his departure. 
 
 (7) Mr. Fasman s employment ended on September 13, 2023. As a result of his departure, all of his outstanding unvested awards were immediately forfeited. In addition, Mr. Fasman has the right to exercise all vested stock options within 90 days of his departure. 
 
 (8) Dr. Boerman was offered garden leave for the entirety of the six months notice period under her employment agreement while we continue to negotiate the terms of her separation. All of her outstanding unvested awards will be forfeited based on the existing terms of the awards, in connection with her termination by mutual consent when such negotiations are complete. Dr. Boerman will have the right to exercise all vested stock options within 90 days of her separation. 
 
 159 

Fiscal 2023 Option Exercises and Stock Vested Table 
 Option Awards Stock Awards Name Number of Shares Acquired on Exercise (#) Value Realized on Exercise ) Number of 
 Shares 
 Acquired on 
 Vesting 
 (#) (1) 
 Value Realized 
 on Vesting 
 ) (2) 
 Alessandro Maselli 13,081 1,355,829 Thomas Castellano 5,141 532,859 Ricky Hopson 6,256 560,623 Steven L. Fasman 17,164 1,797,055 Aristippos Gennadios 8,410 871,687 John Chiminski 123,302 12,780,095 Manja Boerman 11,136 912,408 
 (1) Represents the vesting during fiscal 2023 of RSU and PSU grants awarded for the fiscal 2020-22 LTIP performance period. In addition to this vesting, the following awards also vested: Mr. Hopson s January 22, 2020 retention grant of 1,620 RSUs, which vested on January 22, 2023; Mr. Fasman s July 22, 2019 recognition-related award of 4,551 RSUs which vested on July 22, 2022; and Dr. Boerman s April 29, 2020 promotion-related grant of 2,904 RSUs which vested on April 29, 2023. 
 (2) Value realized reflects (i) the closing price per share of our common stock on the vesting date, multiplied by (ii) the number of RSUs or PSUs, as applicable, that vested. 
 
 Fiscal 2023 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Table 
 Name Executive Contributions in Last FY 
 ) (1) 
 Registrant Contributions in Last FY 
 ) (2) 
 Aggregate Earnings 
 in Last FY 
 ) (3) 
 Aggregate Withdrawals/ Distributions ) Aggregate Balance 
 at Last FYE 
 ) (4) 
 Alessandro Maselli (5) 
 Thomas Castellano Ricky Hopson 123,700 23,386 60,360 593,774 Steven L. Fasman 37,448 18,724 28,532 327,706 Aristippos Gennadios 70,127 35,063 151,802 1,271,889 John Chiminski 911,327 78,114 731,608 7,999,846 Manja Boerman 
 (1) Represents (a) salary deferrals during fiscal 2023, included in the amounts reported, as applicable, for fiscal 2023 under Salary in the Summary Compensation Table and (b) fiscal 2022 bonus deferrals that otherwise would have been payable during fiscal 2023, included in the amounts reported in the Summary Compensation Table for fiscal 2022, as applicable, under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation. Each NEO s deferral amount during fiscal 2023 is summarized below. 
 
 Name Fiscal 2022 Bonus Deferral ) Fiscal 2023 Salary Deferral ) Alessandro Masselli Thomas Castellano Ricky Hopson 80,114 43,586 Steven L. Fasman 37,448 Aristippos Gennadios 34,334 35,793 John Chiminski 661,784 249,543 Manja Boerman 
 
 (2) The amounts reported for Messrs. Hopson, Fasman, Chiminski and Dr. Gennadios are reported as compensation for fiscal 2023 under All Other Compensation in the Summary Compensation Table. 
 (3) The amounts reported in this column are not above-market or preferential earnings thus not reportable in the Summary Compensation Table. 
 (4) Includes amounts previously reported as compensation in the Salary, Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation, and All Other Compensation columns in the Summary Compensation Table in prior years. 
 (5) Messrs. Maselli and Castellano did not participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan during fiscal 2023. Dr. Boerman was ineligible to participate in our U.S.-based plan as she was an expatriate employee during fiscal 2023. 
 
 Deferred Compensation 
 
 160 

We provide certain of our U.S.- and U.K.-based executives, including our U.S.- and U.K.-based NEOs, with the opportunity to participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan, which allows participating executives to defer receipt of a portion of their compensation. Deferrals occur and may be invested notionally on a pre-tax basis, in addition to the amounts that the executive is allowed to contribute to our tax-qualified 401(k) and U.K. pension plans. 
 
 Deferred Compensation Plan participants may elect to defer up to 80 of base salary, commissions (not applicable to NEOs), and MIP bonus. In addition, U.S.-based executives may elect to defer their PSU and RSU grants. We credit the first 6 of cash compensation deferred with a matching contribution equal to 50 of the amount deferred. Participants are immediately vested in all amounts they contribute and the related investment gains, but matching contributions and their related investment gains vest ratably over the participant s first four years of service to the Company. Participants in the Deferred Compensation Plan may elect from a variety of payout options under the plan, including lump-sum or installment payments, with the timing depending on the form selected at the time of the deferral election. 
 
 Under the Deferred Compensation Plan, we also credit each participant s deferral account with notional earnings and/or losses based on the deemed investment of the accounts in one or more of a variety of investment alternatives available under the plan. Participants are able to make changes to their investment elections on a daily basis. 
 
 The accounts of U.S.-based participants in the prior version of the Deferred Compensation Plan that are paid out in a lump-sum cash payment are paid on the 15th day of the month immediately following the month that includes the six-month anniversary of the participant s separation from our service (other than due to death) separation as defined by Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code). In the event of the death of a participant prior to the commencement of the distribution of benefits under the plan, such benefits will be paid no later than the later of (x) December 31 of the year in which the participant s death occurs and (y) the 90 th day following the date of the participant s death. The accounts for U.K.-based participants are paid in a lump sum cash payment in the next available paycheck following the elected distribution date. 
 
 A U.S.-based participant in the Deferred Compensation Plan may also elect to receive a payout in annual installments over a period of five or ten years after the participant s separation from service (including death), although, notwithstanding any such election, the participant s account will be paid in a lump-sum cash payment in connection with a participant s separation from service within two years following a change of control. The Deferred Compensation Plan also permits participants to receive a distribution in connection with an unforeseeable emergency, in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 A U.K.-based participant receives a lump sum payout of all outstanding cash deferrals six months after the participant s separation from service. 
 
 Cash and equity deferrals, employer contributions, and applicable gains are held in a rabbi trust. Rabbi trust assets are ultimately controlled by us, permitting participants to defer recognition of income for tax purposes on the amounts deferred until they are paid in accordance with their elections. 
 
 Our U.S.- and U.K.-based directors can also participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan by deferring receipt of their cash retainers, though they are not provided a matching contribution. 
 
 Fiscal 2023 Potential Payments upon Employment Termination or Change of Control Tables 
 
 Except in the case of Messrs. Castellano and Chiminski, the tables below set out what the specified NEOs would have received assuming a termination of employment effective as of June 30, 2023. With respect to Mr. Castellano, the table below sets out the actual payments that Mr. Castellano was contractually entitled to receive, which includes a severance payment equal to the sum of his annual base salary and target annual bonus, payment for any unused paid-time-off days accrued in fiscal 2023, and the right to exercise all vested stock options within 90 days of his departure, in each case, as a result of his termination without cause effective April 21, 2023. With respect to Mr. Chiminski, all of his outstanding equity awards will continue to vest and he continues to be eligible to receive financial planning reimbursements for one-year following his departure as a result of his retirement on June 30, 2023 in accordance with the policy approved by the Compensation Committee for all members of the executive leadership team following their retirement from the Company. 
 
 Alessandro Maselli (CEO) 
 
 161 

Triggering Event Value of 
 Option/RSU/PSU/Restricted Stock/Performance Share Acceleration 
 ) (1) 
 Value of Base 
 Salary and Bonus Payments ) (2) 
 Value of Continued Benefits Participation ) (3) 
 Total ) Death or Disability (4) 
 2,472,214 1,018,000 3,490,214 Termination by Us without Cause or By Mr. Maselli for Good Reason 4,904,000 36,670 4,940,670 Terminated by Us without Cause Within 2 Years Following a Change of Control (assuming awards have been assumed, continued, or substituted) 1,604,103 4,904,000 36,670 6,544,773 Termination by Us For Cause or By Mr. Maselli without Good Reason 
 (1) Amounts reported for a termination by us without cause within 18 months following a change of control (assuming awards have been assumed, continued, or substituted) represent accelerated vesting of unvested equity-based awards and reflect (a) the spread value of the options, equal to 0 per share for 44,427 options (same in the case of death) granted on July 26, 2022 (award is underwater as of June 30, 2023 and has no value), 0 per share for 11,676 options (same in the case of death) granted on July 26, 2021 (award is underwater as of June 30, 2023 and has no value), 0 per share for 7,699 options (same in the case of death) granted on July 30, 2020 (award is underwater as of June 30, 2023 and has no value), and 0 per share for 3,436 options (same in the case of death), granted on July 22, 2019 (award is underwater as of June 30, 2023 and has no value), in each case representing the difference between the 43.36 closing price per share of our common stock on June 30, 2023, as reported on the NYSE (the Fiscal 2023 Closing Price ), and the exercise price of the option; and (b) 10,221 RSUs (same in the case of death), granted on July 26, 2022, 3,009 RSUs granted (same in the case of death) on July 26, 2021 2,838 RSUs (same in the case of death), granted on July 30, 2020, 3,761 PSUs (Adjusted EPS) (3,548 in the case of death) and 0 PSUs (Relative Return) (3,070 in the case of death) granted on July 30, 2020, 1,881 PSUs (Adjusted EPS) (3,762 in the case of death) and 1,949 PSUs (Relative Return) (3,897 in the case of death) granted on July 26, 2021, and 6,388 PSUs (Adjusted EPS) (12,776 in the case of death) and 6,948 PSUs (Relative Return) (13,895 in the case of death) granted on July 26, 2022, multiplied by the Fiscal 2023 Closing Price. 
 
 The amount reported for Mr. Maselli for (i) termination by us without cause within 18 months following a change of control (assuming awards have been assumed, continued, or substituted), take into account future performance as disclosed in the Fiscal 2023 Outstanding Equity Awards at Year-End and accompanying footnote in this Annual Report; however, the number of Relative Return PSUs that vest in connection with a change of control may vary based on when a change of control occurs during a performance period. 
 
 Distribution of shares underlying PSUs are accelerated upon termination due to death. In the event Mr. Maselli meets the requirements of disability under the terms of the PSU awards, the shares underlying the PSUs remain subject to adjustment and will be distributed following the end of each relevant performance period based on final performance measured against the relevant pre-determined metrics for each award. The amounts shown above in the Option/RSU/PSU/Restricted Stock/Performance Shares Acceleration column in the event of termination due to death or disability assume that the PSUs vest at target. The amount would equal 1,604,103 when taking into account assumptions for future performance as disclosed in the Fiscal 2023 Outstanding Equity Awards at Year-End and accompanying footnote in this Annual Report. 
 
 (2) Upon termination due to death or disability, Mr. Maselli or his estate is entitled to receive a pro-rata portion of the annual bonus that he would have been entitled to for the bonus year in which the termination occurs, based on our actual performance (the Annual Bonus ). The amount reported above for death or disability represents his target annual bonus for fiscal 2023 and assumes (a) he would have served for the entire year and (b) on-target business and individual performance results. The amounts reported for "Termination by Us Without Cause" or "By Mr. Maselli for Good Reason and Termination by Us Without Cause Within 2 Years Following a Change of Control" (assuming awards have been assumed, continued, or substituted) are comprised of (a) the Annual Bonus plus (b) two (2) times the sum of (i) his annual base salary and (ii) his target annual bonus. 
 
 (3) The amount reported represents income attributable to the health care premiums paid by us with respect to Mr. Maselli s participation in our employee benefit plans for a two-year period. Mr. Maselli would also be entitled to be paid for any unused paid-time-off days accrued during 2023. 
 
 (4) Receipt of shares in the event of disability occurs when the relevant vesting period for each grant ends rather than being accelerated to the date of disability. 
 
 MESSR. HOPSON, FASMAN, CASTELLANO, CHIMINSKI AND DRS. GENNADIOS AND BOERMAN 
 
 162 

Triggering Event Value of 
 Option/RSU/PSU/Restricted Stock/Performance Shares Acceleration ) (1) 
 Value of Base 
 Salary and 
 Target Bonus Payments ) (2) 
 Value of 
 Continued 
 Benefits 
 Participation/Unused 
 Paid-Time-Off Accrued (3) 
 Total ) Death or Disability (4) 
 Ricky Hopson 408,278 690,000 18,204 1,116,482 Steven L. Fasman 1,235,370 1,125,000 12,762 2,373,132 Aristippos Gennadios 1,575,572 1,100,000 6,155 2,681,727 Termination by US Without Cause or By the Executive Officer for Good Reason Ricky Hopson 690,000 18,204 708,204 Steven L. Fasman 1,125,000 12,762 1,137,762 Thomas Castellano 1,000,012 25,385 1,025,397 Aristippos Gennadios 1,100,000 6,155 1,106,155 Manja Boerman (6) 
 900,000 35,083 935,083 Termination by US Without Cause Within 18 Months Following a Change of Control Ricky Hopson 319,563 690,000 18,204 1,027,767 Steven L. Fasman 910,647 1,125,000 12,762 2,048,409 Aristippos Gennadios 1,372,127 1,100,000 6,155 2,478,282 Retirement (5) 
 Steven L. Fasman (7) 
 475,703 475,703 Aristippos Gennadios 301,222 301,222 John Chiminski 5,007,733 5,007,733 
 
 (1) For Mr. Hopson, the amounts reported for a termination by us without cause within 18 months following a change of control (assuming awards have been 
 assumed, continued, or substituted) reflects (a) the spread value of 0 per share for the 2,828 options (same in the case of death) granted on July 26, 2022 (award is underwater as of June 30, 2023 and has no value), 0 per share for the 1,924 options (same in the case of death) granted on July 26, 2021 (award is underwater as of June 30, 2023 and has no value), 0 per share for the 1,529 options (same in the case of death) granted on July 30, 2020 (award is underwater as of June 30, 2023 and has no value) and 0 per share for the 1,218 options (same in the case of death) granted on July 22, 2019 (award is underwater as of June 30, 2023 and has no value), representing the difference between the Fiscal 2023 Closing Price and the exercise of the option, and (b) 651 RSUs (same in the case of death) granted on July 26, 2022, 496 RSUs (same in the case as death) granted on July 26, 2021, 3,432 RSUs (same in the case as death) granted on June 1, 2021, 563 RSUs (same in the case as death), granted on July 30, 2020, 747 PSUs (Adjusted EPS) (704 in the case of death) and 0 PSUs (Relative Return) granted on July 30, 2020 (610 in the case of death), 310 PSUs (Adjusted EPS) (620 in the case of death) and 321 PSUs (Relative Return) (642 in the case of death) granted on July 26, 2021 and 407 PSUs (Adjusted EPS) (813 in the case of death) and 443 PSUs (Relative Return) (885 in the case of death) granted on July 26, 2022, multiplied by the Fiscal 2023 Closing Price. 
 
 For Mr. Fasman, the amounts reported for a termination by us without cause within 18 months following a change of control (assuming awards have been assumed, continued, or substituted) reflects (a) the spread value of 0 per share for the 12,117 options (same in the case of death and retirement) granted on July 26, 2022 (award is underwater as of June 30, 2023 and has no value), 0 per share for the 6,869 options (same in the case of death and retirement) granted on July 26, 2021 (award is underwater as of June 30, 2023 and has no value), 0 per share for the 4,311 options (same in the case of death and retirement) granted on July 30, 2020 (award is underwater as of June 30, 2023 and has no value), and 0 per share for the 3,311 options (same in the case of death and retirement) granted on July 22, 2019 (award is underwater as of June 30, 2023 and has no value), representing the difference between the Fiscal 2023 Closing Price and the exercise price of the option, and (b) 2,788 RSUs (same in the case of death and retirement) granted on July 26, 2022, 4,017 RSUs (same in the case of death) granted on January 3, 2022 (as to which the retirement provisions do not apply), 1,770 RSUs (same in the case of death and retirement) granted on July 26, 2021, 1,590 RSUs (same in the case of death and retirement) granted on July 30, 2020, 2,838 RSUs (same in the case of death) granted on July 30, 2020 (as to which the retirement provisions do not apply), 2,107 PSUs (Adjusted EPS) (same in the case of retirement and 1,987 in the case of death) and 0 PSUs (Relative Return) (1,720 in the case of death and 0 in the case of retirement) granted on July 30, 2020, 1,107 PSUs (Adjusted EPS) (2,213 in the case of death and 738 in the case of retirement) and 1,147 PSUs (Relative Return) (2,293 in the case of death and 765 in the case of retirement) granted on July 26, 2021, and 1,743 PSUs (Adjusted EPS) (3,485 in the case of death and 581 in the case of retirement) and 1,895 PSUs (Relative Return) (3,790 in the case of death and 632 in the case of retirement) granted on July 26, 2022, multiplied by the Fiscal 2023 Closing Price. In the event of retirement, the number of PSUs that vest is pro-rated based on the portion of the relevant performance period during which Mr. Fasman is actively employed. 
 
 Mr. Castellano s employment ended on April 21, 2023. As a result of his departure, all of his outstanding unvested awards were immediately forfeited. In addition, Mr. Castellano had the right to exercise all of his 10,299 vested stock options within 90 days of his departure. 
 
 For Dr. Gennadios, the amount reported for termination by us without cause within 18 months following a change of control (assuming awards have been assumed, continued, or substituted) reflects (a) the spread value of 0 per share for 8,078 options (same in the case of death and retirement) granted on July 26, 2022 (award is underwater as of June 30, 2023 and has no value), 0 per share for 3,435 options (same in the case of death and retirement) granted on July 26, 2021 (award is underwater as of June 30, 2022 and has no value), 0 per share for 3,080 options (same in the case of death and retirement) granted on July 30, 2020 (award is underwater as of June 30, 2023 and has no value), and 0 per share for 2,209 options (same in the case of 
 163 

death and retirement) granted on July 22, 2019 (award is underwater as of June 30, 2023 and has no value), representing the difference between the Fiscal 2023 Closing Price and the exercise price of the option, and (b) 1,859 RSUs (same in the case of death and retirement) granted on July 26, 2022, 18,689 RSUs (same in the case of death) granted on July 1, 2022 (as to which the retirement provisions do not apply), 4,017 RSUs (same in the case of death) granted on January 3, 2022 (as to which the retirement provisions do not apply), 885 RSUs (same in the case of death and retirement) granted on July 26, 2021, 1,136 RSUs (same in the case of death and retirement) granted on July 30, 2020, 1,505 PSUs (Adjusted EPS) (same in the case of retirement and 1,419 in the case of death) and 0 PSUs (Relative Return) (1,228 in the case of death and 0 in the case of retirement) granted on July 30, 2020, 554 PSUs (Adjusted EPS) (1,107 in the case of death and 369 in the case of retirement) and 574 PSUs (Relative Return) (1,147 in the case of death and 383 in the case of retirement) granted on July 26, 2021, and 1,162 PSUs (Adjusted EPS) (2,323 in the case of death and 388 in the case of retirement) and 1,264 PSUs (Relative Return) (2,527 in the case of death and 422 in the case of retirement), multiplied by the Fiscal 2023 Closing Price. In the event of retirement, the number of PSUs that vest is pro-rated based on the portion of the relevant performance period during which Dr. Gennadios is actively employed. 
 
 For Mr. Chiminski, the amounts reported represent accelerated vesting of unvested equity-based awards and reflect (a) the spread value of the options, equal to 0 per share for the 63,874 options granted on July 26, 2021 (award is underwater as of June 30, 2023 and has no value), 0 per share for 55,882 options granted on July 30, 2020 (award is underwater as of June 30, 2023 and has no value), and 0 per share for 32,375 options granted on July 22, 2019 (award is underwater as of June 30, 2023 and has no value), in each case representing the difference between the Fiscal 2023 Closing Price, and the exercise price of the option; and (b) 37,165 RSUs granted on July 26, 2022, 16,461 RSUs granted on July 26, 2021, 20,602 RSUs granted on July 30, 2020, 27,298 PSUs (Adjusted EPS) and 0 PSUs (Relative Return) granted on July 30, 2020, and 6,859 PSUs (Adjusted EPS) and 7,107 PSUs (Relative Return) granted on July 26, 2021, multiplied by the Fiscal 2023 Closing Price. 
 
 Distribution of shares underlying PSUs are accelerated upon termination due to death. In the event an NEO meets the requirements of disability under the terms of the PSU awards, the shares underlying the PSUs remain subject to adjustment and will be distributed following the end of each relevant performance period based on final performance measured against the relevant pre-determined metrics for each award. The amounts shown above in the Option/RSU/PSU/Restricted Stock/Performance Shares Acceleration column in the event of termination due to death or disability assume that the PSUs vest at target. The amounts would differ, as follows, when taking into account assumptions for future performance as disclosed in the Fiscal 2023 Outstanding Equity Awards at Year-End and accompanying footnote in this Annual Report: Mr. Hopson - 319,563; Mr. Fasman - 910,647; Dr. Gennadios - 1,372,127. 
 
 The amounts reported for Messrs. Hopson and Fasman and Dr. Gennadios for (i) termination by us without cause within 18 months following a change of control (assuming awards have been assumed, continued, or substituted) and (ii) for Messrs. Fasman and Chiminski and Dr. Gennadios under retirement, take into account future performance as disclosed in the Fiscal 2023 Outstanding Equity Awards at Year-End and accompanying footnote in this Annual Report; however, the number of Relative Return PSUs may vary based on when a change of control occurs during a performance period. 
 
 (2) The amounts reported represent, for each executive, the sum of that executive s annual base salary and target annual bonus. 
 
 (3) The amounts reported for Messrs. Hopson and Fasman, Dr. Gennadios, and Dr. Boerman represent income attributable to the health care premiums paid by us with respect to their continued participation in our employee benefit plans for a one-year period. Each executive would also be entitled to be paid for any unused paid-time-off days accrued during 2023. The amount reported for Mr. Castellano represents payment for unused paid-time-off accrued in fiscal 2023 as a result of his departure on April 21, 2023. 
 
 (4) Receipt of shares in the event of disability occurs when the relevant vesting period for each grant ends rather than being accelerated to the date of disability. 
 
 (5) Messrs. Chiminski and Fasman and Dr. Gennadios were the only NEOs eligible for retirement as of June 30, 2023. Receipt of shares occurs when the relevant vesting period for each grant ends rather than being accelerated to the date of retirement. 
 
 (6) Dr. Boerman was removed as President, Division Head for Biomodalities effective April 25, 2023 and was offered garden leave for the entirety of the six months notice period under her employment agreement. As of the date of this Annual Report, the terms of Dr. Boerman s separation payments and benefits from the Company are still being negotiated and were not finalized. Accordingly, the figures included in the table above are not necessarily representative of actual payments to be received by Dr. Boerman. 
 
 (7) Mr. Fasman left our employ on September 13, 2023 to take another opportunity. The figures included in the table above set out what Mr. Fasman would 
 have received assuming one of the enumerated termination of employment events occurred effective as of June 30, 2023. 
 
 Payments that would be made under our Deferred Compensation Plan are described above in the Fiscal 2023 Nonqualified 
 Deferred Compensation Table. 
 
 SEVERANCE AND PAYMENTS ON A CHANGE OF CONTROL 
 MR. MASELLI S SEVERANCE, TERMINATION, AND CHANGE OF CONTROL BENEFITS 
 
 Mr. Maselli s employment agreement, the Omnibus Plans, and the grant agreements thereunder each provide for certain benefits to be paid to him upon termination. 
 
 Upon disability or death, a pro-rata portion of any annual bonus he would have earned for the year of termination, based on our actual performance in respect of the full fiscal year in which the date of termination occurs, and the prior fiscal year s annual cash bonus if earned but not then paid, payable as if Mr. Maselli s employment had not been terminated. 
 
 Should Mr. Maselli s employment terminate due to death, his beneficiaries (i) will receive a death benefit equal to 1.5 times his base salary under a group life insurance program we provide that covers all eligible active U.S.-based employees, and (ii) will be entitled to accelerated vesting of all unvested grants under the Omnibus Plans. If his employment is terminated due to disability, all unvested grants under the Omnibus Plans will continue to vest as if he had continued employment through each applicable anniversary of the grant date. 
 
 164 

Under his employment agreement, upon any termination for good reason or due to his election not to extend the term, Mr. Maselli receives certain accrued amounts and benefits and a pro-rata portion of any annual bonus he would have earned for the year of termination, and the prior fiscal year s annual cash bonus if earned but not then paid, payable as if Mr. Maselli s employment had not been terminated. 
 
 The employment agreement further provides that upon termination by us without cause, or by Mr. Maselli for good reason, or due to our election not to extend the term, subject to a release of claims, he will also be entitled to receive an amount equal to two times the sum of (x) his annualized base salary and (y) his annual target bonus, payable in equal monthly installments over a two-year period; provided, however , that, if such termination occurs within the two-year period following a change in control, such payment will instead be made in a single lump-sum payment within thirty days following termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our obligation to make such payments will cease in the event of an uncured material breach by Mr. Maselli of the restrictive covenants contained in the employment agreement. 
 
 In addition to the payments described above, if Mr. Maselli s employment is terminated by us without cause, by Mr. Maselli for good reason, or due to our election not to extend the term, Mr. Maselli (and his spouse and eligible dependents, to the extent covered prior to such termination) will also be entitled to continued participation in our group health plans for up to two years. 
 
 For grants under the Omnibus Plans, if Mr. Maselli incurred a termination, other than for death, disability, or a change of control that occurs during the period commencing on the date of the consummation of a change of control and ending on the date that is eighteen months following the consummation of such change of control, we could cancel any unvested option, RSU, or PSU. Any vested option will remain outstanding and exercisable generally for 90 days, and vested options will terminate immediately if we terminate Mr. Maselli s employment for cause. Any vested option that he does not exercise within the applicable post-termination exercise period will terminate. 
 
 SEVERANCE, TERMINATION, AND CHANGE OF CONTROL BENEFITS FOR MESSRS. HOPSON AND FASMAN AND DR. GENNADIOS 
 
 The severance and equity grant agreements with each of Messrs. Hopson, Fasman and Dr. Gennadios, as well as the Omnibus Plans and the grant agreements thereunder, provide (or in the case of Mr. Fasman, provided) for benefits in the event of certain events of termination. 
 
 Under the Omnibus Plans, any unvested equity-based grant would become fully vested and exercisable in the event of termination due to death; however, if termination was due to disability, unvested equity-based awards would continue to vest as if the executive had continued employment through each applicable anniversary of the date of grant. Under the Omnibus Plans, in the event of a change in control, to the extent the acquiring or successor entity does assume, continue, or substitute for a grants option, if the NEO were to incur a termination without cause during the eighteen months following the consummation of such change in control, the then-outstanding equity awards thereunder would become fully vested and exercisable. Other than in the cases of change of control, death, or disability, a termination will result in the cancellation of unvested equity-based awards under the Omnibus Plans held by any of the NEOs. 
 
 Our group life insurance program, which covers all eligible active U.S.-based employees, provides for a death benefit equal to 1.5 times current base salary (currently, the benefit would pay a total of 637,500 (with respect to Mr. Hopson), 937,500 (with respect to Mr. Fasman), and 900,000 (with respect to Dr. Gennadios)). 
 
 Under our standard severance arrangement, in the event of death, disability, or termination by us without cause or by the executive for good reason, the executive would be entitled to severance equal to annual base salary plus target annual bonus, payable in equal installments over the one-year period following the date of termination. The NEOs would also be entitled to continued participation in our group health plans (to the extent receiving such coverage as of immediately prior to the termination date), at the premium rates charged to our employees generally, until the earlier of (1) one year after termination and (2) the date the executive becomes eligible for coverage under at least one group health plan of another employer. Each NEO must enter into a release of claims as a condition of receiving most severance payments and benefits. 
 
 On December 8, 2023, the Company entered into new Severance Agreements with each of Messrs. Masanovich and Hopson and Dr. Gennadios. The new Severance Agreements provide that in the event of a termination by the Company without cause or by the executive for good reason within 18 months following a change in control, the executive would be entitled to increased cash severance equal to two times the sum of annual base salary plus target annual bonus, payable in equal installments over the one-year period following the date of termination, subject to entering into a release of claims and certain other terms and conditions. In addition, the new Severance Agreements provide that if any of the payments provided for under such Severance Agreement or otherwise payable to the individual would constitute "parachute payments" within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code and would be subject to the related excise tax under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code, then such individual will be entitled to receive either full payment of benefits or such lesser amount that would result in no portion of the benefits being subject to the excise tax, whichever results in the greater amount of after-tax benefits to such 
 165 

individual. The new Severance Agreements also include certain technical changes to the prior severance agreements with the executives, but otherwise are substantially the same as the prior severance agreements. 
 
 SEVERANCE, TERMINATION, AND CHANGE OF CONTROL BENEFITS FOR DR. BOERMAN 
 
 Dr. Boerman was removed from her position as President, Division Head for Biomodalities effective as of April 25, 2023, and upon her removal was offered garden leave for the entirety of the six months notice period under her employment agreement. Under Dr. Boerman s employment agreement with the Company, if each of Dr. Boerman and the Company agree to termination by mutual consent and enter into a written settlement agreement in that regard, she is entitled to six months notice of such termination and a severance payment equal to her base salary and target MIP following a termination without cause (as such term is defined under Dutch law). As of the date of this Annual Report, the terms of Dr. Boerman s separation payments and benefits from the Company are still being negotiated and were not finalized. Accordingly, the figures included in the table above are not necessarily representative of actual payments to be received by Dr. Boerman. 
 
 SEVERANCE AND TERMINATION BENEFITS FOR MR. CASTELLANO 
 
 In connection with Mr. Castellano s separation from the Company effective April 21, 2023, he is contractually entitled to receive a severance payment equal to the sum of his annual base salary and target annual bonus equivalent to 1,000,012, payment for any unused paid-time-off days accrued in fiscal 2023, and the right to exercise all vested stock options within 90 days of his departure. In fiscal 2023, Mr. Castellano received 153,848 of severance pay and 25,385 representing unused paid-time-off days he accrued in fiscal 2023. 
 
 SEVERANCE AND TERMINATION BENEFITS FOR MR. CHIMINSKI 
 
 In connection with Mr. Chiminski s retirement from the Company effective June 30, 2023, all outstanding equity awards will continue to vest in accordance with the terms of his outstanding award agreements and he continues to be eligible to receive financial planning reimbursements up to 15,000 (per calendar year) for one-year following his departure in accordance with the policy approved by the Compensation Committee for all members of the executive leadership team following their retirement from the Company. 
 
 Pay Ratio 
 
 Presented below is the ratio of annual total compensation in fiscal 2023 of our CEO to the annual total compensation of our median employee (excluding our CEO). We believe the ratio presented below is a reasonable estimate calculated in a manner consistent with the rules set forth in Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Exchange Act (the Pay Ratio Rules ). 
 
 In identifying our median employee, we calculated the annual total cash compensation for fiscal 2023 of each employee as of June 30, 2023. For these purposes, annual total cash compensation included base salary or hourly wages, cash incentives, commissions, and comparable cash elements of compensation in non-U.S. jurisdictions and was calculated using internal human resources records. All amounts were annualized for permanent employees who did not work for the entire year, such as new hires, employees on paid or unpaid leave of absence and employees called for active military duty. We did not apply any cost-of-living adjustment as part of the calculation. 
 
 We selected the median employee from among 17,219 full-time and part-time workers who were employed as of June 30, 2023. We did not exclude any employee (whether pursuant to the de minimis exemption for foreign employees or any other permitted exclusion). 
 
 In accordance with the Pay Ratio Rules, we calculated the median employee s annual total compensation in the same manner as the CEO s annual total compensation was calculated in the Fiscal 2023 Summary Compensation Table. The median employee s annual total compensation was 59,026. The CEO s annual total compensation was 6,583,672, the amount reported in the Total column of the Summary Compensation Table. Accordingly, the ratio of our CEO s total compensation to our median employee s total compensation for fiscal 2023 was 112 to 1. 
 
 In considering this pay ratio, please note that the Pay Ratio Rules permit companies to calculate pay ratios using a variety of methods, both in determining the median employee and in determining the compensation to be used in calculating the ratio. Thus, our ratio may not be comparable to the ratio determined by any other company. 
 
 Director Compensation 
 
 We provide competitive compensation to our non-employee directors to attract and retain qualified individuals. The principal elements of our non-employee director compensation are an annual cash retainer; an annual equity award of RSUs, each of which represents the right to receive one share of our common stock; and additional cash fees for our Lead Independent 
 166 

Director, Committee Chairs (other than the Strategic and Operational Review Committee (the Strategic Committee )), Audit Committee members, and Strategic Committee members. In addition, non-employee directors are reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. Mr. Maselli, our CEO, and Mr. Chiminski, our former Executive Chair, did not receive additional compensation for their service as directors during fiscal 2023. Mr. Greisch received compensation as a non-employee director in fiscal 2023 and in fiscal 2024 until his election as Executive Chair, at which point he ceased being eligible for such compensation. In addition, Ms. Flynn, our former Interim President, Division Head for Biomodalities did not receive any additional compensation for her service as a director during her appointment to such position during fiscal 2023 and for the portion of fiscal 2024 in which she served in that role. 
 
 The Compensation Committee biennially reviews and considers information from its independent compensation consultant regarding the amounts and type of compensation paid to our non-employee directors at companies within the same Comparison Group (as defined in the CD A above under the heading The Use of Market Data in Determining Compensation used by the committee to assess executive compensation. 
 
 Cash Retainer Equity Award Committee Fees Deferred Compensation Annual 100,000 cash retainer, with an additional 45,000 retainer for the Lead Independent Director. Annual SU grant with a grant date fair value of 275,000, vesting on the first anniversary of the grant date (subject to continued service) or upon a change of control. Annual cash fees to the Chair and each member of the Audit Committee of 25,000 and 10,000, respectively. Annual cash fees to the Chair and each member of the Finance Capital Markets Committee (prior to its dissolution) of 15,000 and 2,500, respectively, and annual cash fees to each member of the Strategic Committee of 5,000. Annual cash fees to the Chair of the Compensation Committee of 12,500 and 10,000 to the Chairs of each of the Nominating and Quality and Regulatory Compliance Committees, as well as the M A Committee (prior to its dissolution). Directors may elect to defer any portion of their cash fees or RSUs on a pre-tax basis under our Deferred Compensation Plan. The terms of the plan are described in the executive compensation section above. 
 
 Matching Gift Program 
 
 Our directors may also participate in the Catalent Cares matching gift program, which matches on a 1-to-1 basis gifts made by our employees and non-employee directors to eligible nonprofit organizations, subject to a yearly maximum of 2,000. In addition, gifts of up to 1,000 made during fiscal 2023 to support humanitarian efforts in Ukraine were matched on a 2-to-1 basis. 
 
 Director Stock Ownership Policy 
 
 Each of our non-employee directors is required to own stock in an amount equal to five times the annual cash retainer. For purposes of this requirement, a director s holdings include shares held directly or indirectly, individually or jointly, and shares held under a deferral or similar plan. Each non-employee director is required to retain 100 of the shares received upon settlement of vested RSUs (net of shares used to satisfy applicable tax withholding obligation, if any) until the ownership level is met. All of our non-employee directors complied with the retention provisions of this policy throughout fiscal 2023 and through the date of this Annual Report. 
 
 Director Compensation for Fiscal 2023 
 
 For fiscal 2023, our non-employee directors received the amounts shown in the schedule below. All cash fees were paid on a quarterly basis, in arrears. 

167 

Name (1) 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) Stock Awards 
 ) (2) 
 Total ) Madhavan Balachandran (3)(4) 
 100,000 274,954 374,954 Michael J. Barber (3) 
 100,000 274,954 374,954 J. Martin Carroll 151,401 274,954 426,355 Rolf Classon (3) (4) 
 110,000 274,954 384,954 Rosemary A. Crane (3) 
 110,000 274,954 384,954 Karen Flynn (1) 
 60,440 296,818 357,258 John J. Greisch (3) (4) (6) 
 125,907 274,954 400,861 Christa Kreuzburg 100,151 274,954 375,105 Gregory T. Lucier (3) 
 112,651 274,954 387,605 Donald E. Morel, Jr. 110,000 274,954 384,954 Jack Stahl (3) 
 120,151 274,954 395,105 Peter Zippelius (5) 
 58,611 274,954 333,565 

(1) Neither Mr. Chiminski nor Mr. Maselli received any compensation as a director during fiscal 2023, though they received compensation as our employees, as reported in the 
 executive compensation tables in this Annual Report. In addition, Ms. Flynn only received director compensation during fiscal 2023 between September 15, 2022, when she joined the Board and April 23, 2023, the day before she was named Interim President, Division Head for BioModalities. 
 
 (2) Represents the aggregate grant date fair value of stock awards for fiscal 2023, computed in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards 
 Codification FASB ASC Topic 718, using the assumptions discussed in Note 14, Stock-Based Compensation, to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. Each non-employee director had 4,149 unvested RSUs as of June 30, 2023, except for Ms. Flynn who had 4,394 unvested RSUs as of the date she was named Interim President, Division Head for BioModalities and as of June 30, 2023 due to a pro-rated RSU grant received on September 15, 2022 when she joined the Board. 
 
 (3) Messrs. Balachandran, Barber, and Classon, Ms. Crane, Messrs. Greisch and Lucier and Mr. Stahl elected to defer their annual RSU award under the Deferred Compensation 
 Plan, as defined and described below under Other Benefits Under Our Executive Compensation Program Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 
 (4) Messrs. Balachandran and Greisch elected to defer 100 of their annual cash retainers for calendar 2022 and 2023 under the Deferred Compensation Plan. Mr. Classon elected 
 to defer 50 of his annual cash retainer for calendar 2022 and 2023 under the Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 
 (5) Mr. Zippelius instructed that his cash retainer should be paid to his employer, Leonard Green. He also disclaimed beneficial ownership of his stock award and is holding it on 
 behalf of Leonard Green. Mr. Zippelius retired from the Board, effective as of the end of January 2023 in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Stockholders Agreement, and forfeited the RSUs granted through his stock award for fiscal 2023 pursuant to the terms of the award agreement. 
 
 (6) The annual RSU award made to Mr. Greisch was reduced by 45,284 through a cancellation/forfeiture of awarded RSUs on August 27, 2023 due to his appointment as Executive 
 Chair of the Company on August 28, 2023, at which time he became ineligible to receive compensation pursuant to the Company s non-employee director compensation plan. 
 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 
 The individuals that served as a member of the Compensation Committee during fiscal 2023 were Gregory T. Lucier, Michael J. Barber, Rolf Classon and John J. Greisch. During fiscal 2023, no member of our Compensation Committee was an employee or officer or former officer of Catalent or had any relationship requiring disclosure under Item 404 of Regulation S-K. None of our executive officers has served on the board of directors or compensation committee of any other entity that has or has had one or more executive officers who served as a member of our Board or our Compensation Committee during fiscal 2023. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 For a discussion of these measures and how they reconcile to our results reported under U.S. GAAP, please see the heading Non-GAAP Metrics under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition of this Annual Report, as well as the following: 
 
 Use of Constant Currency, Budget-Based Revenue, and Budget-Based EBITDA 
 
 When we set the financial goals that we use to operate the business, including the goals that our executives must meet to qualify for our fiscal 2021 performance-based incentive compensation, and when we determine whether those goals have been met, we use, among other metrics, revenue and Adjusted EBITDA computed using the currency exchange rates that we use internally in budgeting and in measuring performance against budget, in part because we believe that the compensation of our executives should not be affected, to the extent practicable, by factors beyond those executives control. We refer in this Annual Report to revenue and Adjusted EBITDA computed on this type of constant-currency basis as Budget-Based Revenue and Budget-Based EBITDA, respectively. 
 
 168 

Results on a constant-currency basis, Budget-Based Revenue, and Budget-Based EBITDA should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, results reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Results on a constant-currency basis, Budget-Based Revenue, and Budget-Based EBITDA, as we present them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies and are not measures of performance presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 The reconciliation of net earnings to Adjusted EBITDA also includes a reconciliation to Budget-Based EBITDA. The reconciliation of fiscal 2023 consolidated net revenue reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP to net revenue at budgeted foreign exchange rates is as follows (in millions of U.S. dollars): 
 
 Revenue (GAAP) 
 4,263 Foreign exchange impact 
 (108) Budget-Based Revenue 
 4,155 
 
 Catalent, Inc. 
 Reconciliation of Net Earnings to EBITDA from operations, 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Budget-Based EBITDA 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended June, 30 (In million of U.S. dollars) 2023 2022 Net (loss) earnings (256) 499 Depreciation and Amortization 422 378 Interest expense, net 186 123 Income tax (benefit) expense (86) 80 EBITDA from operations 266 1,080 Goodwill impairment charges 210 Stock-based compensation 35 54 Impairment charges and gain/loss on sale of assets 98 31 Financing-related expenses and other 4 Restructuring costs 66 10 Acquisition, integration, and other special items 31 46 Gain on sale of subsidiary (1) Foreign exchange loss (gain) included in other, net) (1) 
 (11) 31 Inventory fair value step-up charges 7 Other adjustments 2 (3) Adjusted EBITDA 697 1,259 Favorable (unfavorable) FX impact (17) (23) Adjusted EBITDA at constant currency 714 1,282 Adjusted EBITDA 697 1,259 Foreign exchange impact (1) (30) Budget-Based EBITDA 698 1,289 
 (1) Foreign exchange gain of 11 million for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, includes 10 million of unrealized gains related to foreign trade receivables and payables 
 and intercompany transactions. 
 
 Foreign exchange gain of 31 million for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, includes: (a) 12 million of unrealized gains related to foreign trade receivables and payables, (b) 11 million of unrealized losses on the unhedged portion of our euro-denominated debt, and (c) 34 million of unrealized losses on inter-company loans. The foreign exchange adjustment was also affected by the exclusion of realized foreign currency exchange rate gains from the settlement of inter-company loans of 2 million. Inter-company loans exist between our subsidiaries and do not reflect the ongoing results of our trade operations. 

169 

Catalent, Inc. 
 Reconciliation of Net Earnings to Adjusted Net Income and 
 Adjusted Net Income per share 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended June 30, (In million of U.S. dollars, except per share data) 2023 2022 Net (Loss) Earnings (256) 499 Amortization (1) 
 136 123 Goodwill impairment charges 210 Stock-based compensation 35 54 Impairment charges and gain/loss on sale of assets 98 31 Financing-related expenses 4 Restructuring Costs 66 10 Acquisition, integration, and other special items 31 46 Gain on sale of subsidiary (1) Foreign exchange (gain) loss (included in other, net) (2) 
 (11) 31 Inventory fair value step-up charges 7 Other adjustments 2 (4) Estimated tax effect of adjustments (3) 
 (126) (72) Discrete income tax benefit items (4) 
 (18) (54) Adjusted net income (ANI) 167 674 ANI per share: ANI per basic share (5) 
 0.92 3.82 ANI per diluted share (6) 
 0.92 3.73 
 
 (1) Represents the amortization attributable to purchase accounting for previously completed business combinations. 
 
 (2) Foreign exchange loss of 11 million for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, includes 10 million of unrealized gains related to foreign trade receivables and payable intercompany transactions. 
 
 Foreign exchange loss of 31 million for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, includes: (a) 12 million of unrealized gains related to foreign trade receivables and payables, (b) 11 million of unrealized losses on the unhedged portion of the euro-denominated debt, and (c) 34 million of unrealized losses on inter-company loans. The foreign exchange adjustment was also affected by the exclusion of realized foreign currency exchange rate gains from the settlement of inter-company loans of 2 million. Inter-company loans exist between our subsidiaries and do not reflect the ongoing results of our trade operations. 
 
 (3) We computed the tax effect of adjustments to net earnings by applying the statutory tax rate in the relevant jurisdictions to the income or expense items that are adjusted in the period presented. If a valuation allowance exists, the rate applied is zero. 
 
 (4) Discrete period income tax expense (benefit) items are unusual or infrequently occurring items, primarily including: changes in judgment related to the realizability of deferred tax assets in future years, changes in measurement of a prior-year tax position, deferred tax impact of changes in tax law, and purchase accounting. 
 
 (5) Represents Adjusted Net Income divided by the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the weighted average was 181 million and 176 million, respectively. 
 
 (6) Represents Adjusted Net Income divided by the weighted average sum of (a) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding, plus (b) the number of shares of Common Stock that would be issued assuming exercise or vesting of all potentially dilutive instruments, plus, in fiscal 2022, (c) the number of shares of Common Stock equivalent to the shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding under the if-converted method. For the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the weighted average was 181 million. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Securities Owned by Certain Beneficial Owners, Directors, and Management 
 
 The table below shows how many shares of our common stock were beneficially owned as of October 31, 2023 by (1) owners of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock, (2) our current directors, (3) our NEOs, and (4) all current directors and executive officers as a group. A person has beneficial ownership of shares if the person has voting or investment power over the shares or the right to acquire such power within 60 days. Investment power means the power to direct the sale or other disposition of the shares. Each person has (a) an address at 14 Schoolhouse Road, Somerset, NJ 08873 and (b) sole voting 
 170 

and investment power over the shares, in each case except as described below. The percent of class is based upon 180,633,402 shares of common stock outstanding as of October 31, 2023. 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Shares Owned Percent of Class The Vanguard Group (1) 
 19,588,103 10.8 Capital World Investors (2) 
 18,029,128 10.0 T. Rowe Price Investment Management, Inc. (3) 
 16,578,946 9.2 BlackRock, Inc. (4) 
 13,788,094 7.6 Veritas Asset Management LLP (5) 
 11,169,815 6.2 Alessandro Maselli (6) 
 112,029 Thomas Castellano 12,545 Ricky Hopson (6) 
 20,544 Steven L. Fasman (6) 
 76,467 Aristippos Gennadios (6) 
 87,088 John Chiminski (6) 
 548,321 Manja Boerman (6) 
 25,897 Madhavan Balachandran (7) 
 20,448 Michael J. Barber (7) 
 6,396 Steven K. Barg (9) 
 0 J. Martin Carroll 32,186 Rolf Classon (7) 
 36,328 Rosemary A. Crane (7) 
 16,880 Frank A. D Amelio (9) 
 0 Karen Flynn 17,346 John J. Greisch (7) 
 29,196 Christa Kreuzburg 11,813 Gregory T. Lucier (7) 
 25,258 Donald E. Morel, Jr. (7) 
 58,462 Stephanie Okey (9) 
 0 Michelle R. Ryan (9) 
 1,000 Jack Stahl (7) 
 36,328 Current directors and executive officers as a group (24 persons) (8) 
 554,265 
 Represents less than 1 
 (1) Information shown is based on information reported by the filer on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 9, 2023, in which The Vanguard Group reported that it and its affiliates have shared voting power over 252,698 shares, sole dispositive power over 18,859,037 shares, and shared dispositive power over 729,066 shares. Filer s address is 100 Vanguard Boulevard, Malvern, PA 19355. 
 (2) Information shown is based on information reported by the filer on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on October 10, 2023, in which Capital World Investors reported that it and its affiliates have sole voting power over 18,012,132 shares and sole dispositive power over 18,029,128 shares. Filer s address is 333 South Hope Street, 55th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90071. 
 (3) Information shown is based on information reported by the filer on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023, in which T. Rowe Price Investment Management, Inc. (Price Investment Management) reported that it has sole voting power over 5,925,659 shares and sole dispositive power over 16,578,946 shares. Filer s address is 101 E. Pratt Street, Baltimore, MD 21201. 
 (4) Information shown is based on information reported by the filer on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 7, 2023, in which Blackrock, Inc. reported that it has sole voting power over 12,670,195 shares and sole dispositive power over 13,788,094 shares. Filer s address is 55 East 52nd Street, New York, NY 10055. 
 (5) Information shown is based on information reported by the filer on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on January 27, 2023, in which Veritas Asset Management LLP reported that it and its affiliates have shared voting power over 11,169,815 shares and shared dispositive power over 11,169,815 shares. Filer s address is 1 Smart s Place, London, WC2B 5LW, United Kingdom. 
 (6) The number of shares beneficially owned includes shares of common stock issuable upon (a) vesting of restricted stock units within 60 days after October 31, 2023, (b) vesting of performance share units within 60 days after October 31, 2023, or (c) exercise of options that are currently exercisable and/or will be exercisable within 60 days after October 31, 2023, as follows: Mr. Chiminski 285,461, Mr. Fasman 24,448, Dr. Gennadios 33,025, Mr. Maselli 79,921, Mr. Hopson 12,847 and Dr. Boerman 18,167. 
 (7) Includes vested restricted stock units that that have been deferred under our Deferred Compensation Plan (described below), as follows: Mr. Balachandran 15,687, Mr. Barber 4,149, Mr. Classon 25,258, Ms. Crane 8,337, Mr. Greisch 6,632, Mr. Lucier 23,856, Dr. Morel 11,548, and Mr. Stahl 8,337. 
 (8) Includes 438,964 shares of common stock issuable upon (a) vesting of restricted stock units within 60 days after October 31, 2023 or (b) exercise of options that are currently exercisable and/or will be exercisable within 60 days after October 31, 2023. 
 (9) Mr. D Amelio and Mses. Ryan and Okey joined the Board on August 28, 2023, and Mr. Barg joined the Board on September 10, 2023. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 171 

The following table provides certain information as of June 30, 2023 regarding our equity compensation plans. 
 
 Plan category 
 
 (a) 
 Number of 
 securities to be 
 issued upon exercise 
 of outstanding 
 options, warrants 
 and rights 
 
 (b) 
 Weighted-average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights 
 
 (c) 
 Number of securities 
 remaining available for 
 future issuance under 
 equity compensation 
 plans (excluding 
 securities reflected in 
 column (a)) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 
 2,772,082 (2) 
 
 71.19 (3) 
 
 7,882,520 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan approved by security holders (4) 
 - 
 - 
 3,180,009 

(1) The amounts set forth in this row relate to grants under (a) our 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2014 Omnibus Plan ), which was approved by a majority shareholder prior to our IPO, and (b) our 2018 Omnibus Plan together with the 2014 Omnibus Plan, the Omnibus Plans ), which was approved by our shareholders at the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. No additional award will be issued under the 2014 Omnibus Plan, but the shares that otherwise would have been available for issuance thereunder are available for issuance under the 2018 Omnibus Plan. Under the terms of the 2018 Omnibus Plan, each issued RSU and PSU reduces the amount remaining available by 2.25 shares, which is reflected in the amount reported in column c above, as well as incremental shares underlying PSUs representing performance at maximum above the respective targets. 
 
 (2) The amount shown includes 120,075 vested RSUs and PSUs that have been deferred under our Deferred Compensation Plan (described below), and (b) Adjusted EPS PSUs and Relative Return PSUs at target (each as described in the CD A), which may increase by up to an additional 445,596 shares (not included in the number above) representing the number of shares above target if the maximum performance thresholds are met. 
 
 (3) The weighted-average exercise price shown above reflects stock options only and does not take into account outstanding RSUs or PSUs as these forms of equity securities by their nature have no exercise price. 
 
 (4) The amount set forth in this row relates to our 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and reflects shares purchased through the end of the purchase period that ended on June 30, 2023. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Transactions with Related Persons 
 
 Our Board has adopted a written policy regarding the review, approval, and ratification of transactions with related persons. This policy provides that a related person must promptly disclose to our Board any related person transaction. No related person transaction will be executed without the approval or ratification of our Board or the Audit Committee. It is our policy that directors interested in a related person transaction will recuse themselves from any vote on a related person transaction in which they have an interest if the amount involved exceeds 120,000 and a related person has a direct or indirect material interest. In general, related persons are our directors and executive officers, shareholders beneficially owning more than 5 of our outstanding stock, and their immediate family members. We refer to such a transaction as a related person transaction. 
 
 Except as set forth below with respect to the Stockholders Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement (each as defined below), during fiscal 2023 we did not enter into or have outstanding any reportable related person transaction, nor is any related person transaction currently proposed, in which any of our directors, CEO, or executive officers has a direct or indirect material interest. 
 
 Stockholders Agreement 
 
 In connection with our sale of our formerly outstanding Series A Preferred Stock in May 2019, we entered into a stockholders agreement (the Stockholders Agreement with certain affiliates of Leonard Green Partners, L.P. that purchased those securities (the Leonard Green Investors ). Pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, as long as the holders of common stock issued upon conversion of Series A Preferred Stock (the Relevant Holders beneficially owned shares of common stock having an aggregate value of at least 250 million (measured in accordance with the Stockholders Agreement), they had the right to designate one nominee for election to our Board and certain customary access and information rights. Peter Zippelius was the designated director of the Relevant Holders; however, on December 14, 2022, Mr. Zippelius notified the Board of his intent to retire, which was made effective as of the end of January 2023 in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Stockholders Agreement. The Relevant Holders no longer hold shares of common stock converted from the Series A Preferred Stock having an aggregate value in excess of 250 million, and, therefore, the right to designate a nominee has lapsed. 
 
 For so long as the Relevant Holders were entitled to designate a nominee, they were generally required to vote in the manner recommended by our Board in connection with director elections, our say-on-pay and other equity compensation proposals, ratification of the appointment of our independent registered public accounting firm, and with respect to any proposed merger or other similar transaction between us and another party. The Relevant Holders were also subject to standstill restrictions that, subject to certain exceptions, prohibited them from purchasing our common stock, publicly proposing any merger or other 
 172 

extraordinary corporate transaction, initiating any shareholder proposal, or soliciting proxies until the date on which they were no longer entitled to designate a nominee to our Board. Restrictions on the ability of the Relevant Holders to transfer the shares of common stock they hold that were issued upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock expired on November 17, 2021. 
 
 REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
 
 We also entered into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement with the Leonard Green Investors, pursuant to which we must provide to the Leonard Green Investors certain customary registration rights with respect to the shares of common stock they hold that were issued upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock. The Registration Rights Agreement contains customary terms and conditions, including certain customary indemnification obligations. 
 
 The foregoing descriptions of the Stockholders Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement do not purport to be complete and are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by, the full text of the Stockholders Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement, which are filed with the SEC as exhibits to this Annual Report. 
 
 Director Independence 
 
 Our Governance Guidelines define an independent director in accordance with Section 303A.02 of the NYSE s Listed Company Manual. In addition, members of the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee are subject to the additional independence requirements of applicable SEC rules and NYSE listing standards. Under our Governance Guidelines and the NYSE listing standards, a director is not independent if the director has or had certain specified relationships with us. As part of its process to approve for nomination the current slate of nominees, our Board determined that each of our director nominees is independent for purposes of our Governance Guidelines, applicable NYSE standards, and applicable SEC rules, including with respect to committee service, other than Mr. Maselli, who is also our CEO, and Mr. Greisch, who is our Executive Chair. The Board previously determined that each of our directors who is not seeking re-election at the Annual Meeting was independent, other than Ms. Flynn, due to her prior service as our Chief Commercial Officer and Interim President, Division Head for BioModalities. In addition, the Board had previously determined that Peter Zippelius, who retired from the Board effective January 31, 2023, was independent. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The following table presents the fees for professional services rendered by Ernst Young for the audit of our annual financial statements for the fiscal years that ended on June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, and the fees billed for other services rendered by Ernst Young during those same periods. 
 
 SERVICES 2023 
 2022 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 
 12,967,500 6,229,100 Audit-Related Fees (2) 
 
 7,200 366,200 Tax Fees (3) 
 
 597,500 1,283,700 All Other Fees (4) 
 
 Total 13,572,200 7,879,000 
 (1) Includes fees associated with the integrated audit of our annual consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting, review of our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and other services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 
 
 (2) Includes the aggregate fees recognized in each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by Ernst Young that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit of our financial statements. Specifically, these costs include fees for accounting and audit consultation and other attest services. 
 
 (3) Includes the aggregate fees recognized in each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by Ernst Young for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 
 
 (4) Ernst Young did not provide any other services during the last two fiscal years. 
 
 All of the services covered under the captions Audit Fees, Audit-Related Fees, and Tax Fees were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 
 
 Pre-Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services 
 
 Consistent with requirements of the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding auditor independence, the Audit Committee charter provides that the Audit Committee has responsibility for appointing, setting compensation for, and overseeing the work of the independent auditor. Accordingly, all audit and permitted non-audit services for which Ernst Young was engaged were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 
 
 173 

Prior to engagement of the independent auditor for 2024, management will submit for Audit Committee approval a list of services and related fees expected to be rendered in 2024 within each of the following categories of services: 
 
 Audit services include audit work performed on the financial statements and internal control over financial reporting, as well as work that generally only the independent auditor can reasonably be expected to provide, including comfort letters, statutory audits, and discussions surrounding the proper application of financial accounting and/or reporting standards. 
 
 Audit-Related services are for assurance and related services that are traditionally performed by the independent auditor, including due diligence related to mergers and acquisitions, employee benefit plan audits, and special procedures required to meet certain regulatory requirements. 
 
 Tax services include all services, except those services specifically related to the financial statements, performed by the independent auditor s tax personnel, including tax analysis; assisting with coordination of execution of tax-related activities, primarily in the area of corporate development; supporting other tax-related regulatory requirements; tax planning; and tax compliance and reporting. 
 
 All Other services are those services not captured in the audit, audit-related or tax categories. 
 174 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements. The Financial Statements listed in the Index to Financial Statements are filed under Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report. 
 
 (a)(2) Financial Statements Schedule. The valuation allowance for credit losses is not material to the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 Deferred Tax Assets - Valuation Allowance (Dollars in millions) Beginning Balance Current Period (Charge) Benefit Deductions and Other Ending Balance Fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 Tax valuation allowance (53) 6 (18) (65) Fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 Tax valuation allowance (65) (94) 10 (149) Fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 Tax valuation allowance (149) (5) (5) (159) 
 
 (b) Exhibits. 
 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representation or warranty made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 
 Exhibit No. Description 2.1 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated August 29, 2021, by and among Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc., Bettera Holdings, LLC, the members of Bettera Holdings, LLC, and Highlander Partners Candy, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2021). 
 3.1 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Catalent, Inc., as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 28, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 2, 2021). 
 3.2 
 Bylaws of Catalent, Inc., effective February 2, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 7, 2023). 
 4.1 
 Indenture, dated June 27, 2019, by and among Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors named therein, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 27, 2019). 4.1.1 
 Form of 5.00 Senior Notes due 2027 (included as part of Exhibit 4.1 above). 4.2 
 Indenture, dated March 2, 2020, by and among Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors named therein, Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, as trustee, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, as principal paying agent, and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A., as transfer agent and registrar (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 3, 2020). 4.2.1 
 Form of 2.375 Senior Notes due 2028 (included as part of Exhibit 4.2 above). 4.3 
 Indenture, dated February 22, 2021, by and among Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors named therein, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 21, 2021). 4.3.1 
 Form of 3.125 Senior Notes due 2029 (included as part of Exhibit 4.3 above). 
 175 

4.4 
 Indenture, dated September 29, 2021, by and among Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors named therein, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2021). 
 4.4.1 
 Form of 3.500 Senior Notes due 2030 (included as part of Exhibit 4.4 above). 
 4.5 
 Description of the Company s Capital Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 1, 2022). 10.1 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2014, relating to the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 10, 2007, as amended, among Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc., PTS Intermediate Holdings LLC, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as the administrative agent, collateral agent and swing line lender and other lenders as parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 27, 2014). 10.1.1 
 Amendment No. 1, dated December 1, 2014 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2014 among Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc., PTS Intermediate Holdings LLC, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as the administrative agent, collateral agent and swing line lender and other lenders as parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2014). 10.1.2 
 Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2016, by and among Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc., PTS Intermediate Holdings LLC, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. as administrative agent, collateral agent and swing line lender and the lenders party thereto, which amends that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2014 (as amended), by and among Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc. PTS Intermediate Holdings LLC, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. as L/C Issuers, the other lenders party thereto and the other agents party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 12, 2016). 10.1.3 
 Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2017, by and among Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc., PTS Intermediate Holdings LLC, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent, collateral agent and swing line lender and the lenders party thereto, which amends that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2014 (as amended), by and among Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc., PTS Intermediate Holdings LLC, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as L/C Issuers, the other lenders party thereto and the other agents party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2017). 10.1.4 
 Amendment No. 4 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2019, by and among Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc., PTS Intermediate Holdings LLC, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent, collateral agent and swing line lender and the lenders party thereto, which amends that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2014 (as amended), by and among Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc., PTS Intermediate Holdings LLC, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as L/C Issuers, the other lenders party thereto and the other agents party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 22, 2019). 10.1.5 
 Amendment No. 5 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2021, by and among Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc., PTS Intermediate Holdings LLC, JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the administrative agent, collateral agent, swing line lender, and letter of credit issuer, and the lenders and other parties thereto, which amends that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2014 (as amended), by and among Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc., PTS Intermediate Holdings LLC, JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the successor administrative agent, collateral agent, swing line lender, and letter of credit issuer, and the lenders and other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 22, 2021). 10.1.6 
 Amendment No. 6 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2021, by and among Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc., PTS Intermediate Holdings LLC, JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the administrative agent, collateral agent, swing line lender, and letter of credit issuer, and the lenders and other parties thereto, which amends that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2014 (as amended), by and among Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc., PTS Intermediate Holdings LLC, JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the successor administrative agent, collateral agent, swing line lender, and letter of credit issuer, and the lenders and other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2021). 
 
 176 

10.1.7 
 Amendment No. 7 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2022, by and among Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc., PTS Intermediate Holdings LLC, JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the administrative agent, collateral agent, swing line lender, and letter of credit issuer, and the lenders and other parties thereto, which amends that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2014 (as amended), by and among Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc., PTS Intermediate Holdings LLC, JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the successor administrative agent, collateral agent, swing line lender, and letter of credit issuer, and the lenders and other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2022). 10.1.8 
 Amendment No. 8 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2023, by JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the administrative agent, which amends that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2014 (as amended), by and among Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc., PTS Intermediate Holdings LLC, JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the administrative agent, collateral agent, swing line lender, and letter of credit issuer, and the lenders and other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 27, 2023). 10.2 
 Intellectual Property Security Agreement, dated as of April 10, 2007, among PTS Acquisition Corp., Cardinal Health 409, Inc., PTS Intermediate Holdings LLC, Certain Subsidiaries of Holdings Identified Therein and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on December 6, 2007). 10.2.1 
 Intellectual Property Security Agreement Supplement, dated as of July 1, 2008, to the Intellectual Property Security Agreement, dated as of April 10, 2007, among PTS Acquisition Corp., Cardinal Health 409, Inc., PTS Intermediate Holdings LLC, Certain Subsidiaries of Holdings Identified Therein and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 29, 2008). 10.3 
 Stockholders Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2019, by and among Catalent, Inc., Green Equity Investors VII, L.P., Green Equity Investors Side VII, L.P., LGP Associates VII-A LLC and LGP Associates VII-B LLC (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 22, 2019). 10.4 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2019, by and among Catalent, Inc., Green Equity Investors VII, L.P., Green Equity Investors Side VII, L.P., LGP Associates VII-A LLC and LGP Associates VII-B LLC (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 22, 2019). 10.5 
 Catalent, Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 5, 2014). 10.6 
 Catalent, Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 6, 2018). 10.6.1 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Non-Employee Directors 10.6.2 
 Form of 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Employees 10.6.3 
 Form of 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan Option Agreement for Employees 10.6.4 
 Form of 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan Performance Share Unit Agreement for Employees 10.7 
 Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective October 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 1, 2022). 
 10.8 
 Management Incentive Plan Summary for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 1, 2022). 10.9 
 Form of Severance Agreement between US-based executive officers and Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc. 10.9.1 
 Form of Severance Agreement between non-US-based executive officers and Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc. 10.10 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 4, 2022, by and between Catalent, Inc. and Alessandro Maselli (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2022). 10.11 
 Offer letter, dated June 15, 2023, between Matti Masanovich and Catalent, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 20, 2023) 10.12 
 Offer letter, dated July 7, 2022, between Steven Fasman and Catalent, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 29, 2022) 10.13 
 Offer letter, dated July 7, 2022, between Aristippos Gennadios and Catalent, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 29, 2022) 
 
 177 

10.14 
 Offer letter, dated August 29, 2022, between Karen Santiago and Catalent, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2022). 10.15 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated January 4, 2022, by and between Catalent, Inc. and John R. Chiminski (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2022). 10.16 
 Offer letter, dated May 10, 2021, between Thomas Castellano and Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 11, 2021). 10.16.1 
 Offer letter, dated July 27, 2022, by and between Catalent, Inc. and Thomas Castellano (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 1, 2022). 10.17 
 Offer letter, dated July 1, 2022, by and between Catalent, Inc. and Ricky Hopson 10.17.1 
 Offer letter, dated May 1, 2023, by and between Catalent, Inc. and Ricky Hopson 10.17.2 
 Amendment to Offer letter, dated August 14, 2023, by and between Catalent, Inc. and Ricky Hopson 10.18 
 Employment Agreement, dated October 8, 2019, by and between Catalent Pharma Solutions GmbH and Manja Boerman 10.18.1 
 Long Term International Assignment Letter, dated October 10, 2022, by and between Catalent Pharma Solutions LLC and Manja Boerman 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 23.1 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP. 31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 97.1 
 Catalent, Inc. Executive Compensation Recoupment Policy 101.1 The following materials are formatted in inline XBRL (inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 The cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101.1. 
 Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 
 Represents a management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement in which directors and/or executive officers are eligible to participate. 
 178 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Registrants may voluntarily include a summary of information required by Form 10-K under this Item 16. We elect not to include such summary information. 
 179 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 CATALENT, INC. Date: December 8, 2023 By: /s/ KAREN SANTIAGO Karen Santiago Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ ALESSANDRO MASELLI President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director 12/8/2023 Alessandro Maselli /s/ MATTI MASANOVICH Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer 12/8/2023 Matti Masanovich (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ KAREN SANTIAGO Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 12/8/2023 Karen Santiago /s/ MADHAVAN BALACHANDRAN Director 12/8/2023 Madhavan Balachandran /s/ MICHAEL J. BARBER Director 12/8/2023 Michael J. Barber /s/ STEVEN BARG Director 12/8/2023 Steven Barg /s/ J. MARTIN CARROLL Director 12/8/2023 J. Martin Carroll /s/ ROLF CLASSON Director 12/8/2023 Rolf Classon /s/ ROSEMARY A. CRANE Director 12/8/2023 Rosemary A. Crane /s/ FRANK D'AMELIO Director 12/8/2023 Frank A. D'Amelio /s/ KAREN FLYNN Director 12/8/2023 Karen Flynn 
 180 

/s/ JOHN J. GREISCH Executive Chair 12/8/2023 John J. Greisch /s/ CHRISTA KREUZBURG Director 12/8/2023 Christa Kreuzburg /s/ GREGORY T. LUCIER Director 12/8/2023 Gregory T. Lucier /s/ DONALD E. MOREL, JR. Director 12/8/2023 Donald E. Morel, Jr. /s/ STEPHANIE OKEY Director 12/8/2023 Stephanie Okey /s/ MICHELLE RYAN Director 12/8/2023 Michelle R. Ryan /s/ JACK STAHL Director 12/8/2023 Jack Stahl 

<EX-10.6 1>
 2
 catalent-2023630xex1061.htm
 EX-10.6 1

Document 
 Exhibit 10.6.1 

 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS 
 UNDER THE 
 CATALENT, INC. 
 2018 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 Pursuant to the Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice for Non-Employee Directors (the Grant Notice delivered to the Participant (as defined in the Grant Notice), and subject to the terms of this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Non-Employee Directors (the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement including, if applicable, any special terms and conditions for the Participant s country set forth in Appendix A attached hereto (collectively, this Agreement ), and the Catalent, Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan, Catalent, Inc. (the Company and the Participant agree as follows. 
 
 1. Definitions . Whenever the following terms are used in this Agreement, they shall have the meanings set forth below. Other capitalized terms are defined throughout this Agreement or in the Plan or the Grant Notice, as applicable. 
 
 a. Person . The term Person means any individual, person, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, corporation, limited liability company, trust, or other business organization, entity or enterprise. 
 b. Plan . The term Plan means the Company s 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as in effect from time to time. 
 c. Service . The term Service means the Participant s services as a Non-Employee Director. 
 d. Termination Date . The term Termination Date shall mean the date upon which the Participant incurs a Termination for any reason. 
 
 2. Grant of Restricted Stock Units . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Grant Notice and the Plan, for good and valuable consideration, the Company hereby grants to the Participant the number of Restricted Stock Units provided in the Grant Notice. 
 
 3. Vesting . Subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, the Grant Notice, and the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest as provided in the Grant Notice, except as otherwise set forth in Section 6 of this Agreement. With respect to any Restricted Stock Unit, the period during which such Restricted Stock Unit remains subject to vesting requirements shall be its Restricted Period. 
 
 4. Dividend Equivalents . The Company will credit Restricted Stock Units with dividend equivalent payments following the payment by the Company of dividends on shares of Common Stock. The Company will provide such dividend equivalents in shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value per Restricted Stock Unit, as of the date of such dividend payment, equal to the per-share amount of such applicable dividend, and shall be payable at the same time as (and only if) the Restricted Stock Units are settled in accordance with Section 5 below. In the event that any Restricted Stock Unit is forfeited by its terms, the Participant shall have no right to dividend equivalent payments in respect of such forfeited Restricted Stock Units. 
 1 

Exhibit 10.6.1 

 5. Settlement of Restricted Stock Units . Upon expiration of the Restricted Period with respect to any outstanding Restricted Stock Unit not previously forfeited in accordance with Section 6 of this Agreement, the Company shall issue to the Participant within sixty (60) days one share of Common Stock for such Restricted Stock Unit and such Restricted Stock Unit shall be cancelled, subject to Section 14(t)(ii) of the Plan, if applicable. To the extent that (i) the Restricted Stock Units constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A (ii) the Participant is subject to U.S. federal taxation and (iii) the aforementioned sixty (60) day period spans two calendar years, the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in the second of such calendar years. The Company may, in its sole discretion, defer the issuance of such shares beyond the expiration of the Restricted Period if such extension would not cause adverse tax consequences under Section 409A (as defined below). 
 
 6. Treatment on Termination . Except as provided in the Grant Notice, if the Participant incurs a Termination prior to the Vesting Date, (i) the Participant s Restricted Stock Units shall cease vesting and (ii) the Participant shall forfeit all unvested Restricted Stock Units to the Company for no consideration as of the Termination Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant incurs a Termination due to death or Disability, the Restricted Stock Units shall, to the extent not then vested or previously forfeited or cancelled, become fully vested and the Restricted Period shall expire. 
 
 7. Non-Transferability . The Restricted Stock Units are not transferable by the Participant except to Permitted Transferees in accordance with Section 14(b) of the Plan. Whenever the word Participant is used in any provision of this Agreement under circumstances where the provision should logically be construed to apply to executors, administrators, or the Person or Persons to whom the Restricted Stock Units may be transferred by will or by the laws of descent and distribution in accordance with Section 14(b) of the Plan, the word Participant shall be deemed to include such executors, administrators, or Person or Persons. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or the Plan, no assignment or transfer of the Restricted Stock Units, or of the rights represented thereby, whether voluntary or involuntary, by operation of law or otherwise, shall vest in the assignee or transferee any interest or right in this Agreement or the Plan whatsoever, but immediately upon such assignment or transfer the Restricted Stock Units shall be forfeited and become of no further effect. 
 
 8. Rights as Stockholder . The Participant or a Permitted Transferee of the Restricted Stock Units shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any share of Common Stock underlying a Restricted Stock Unit unless and until the Participant becomes the holder of record or the beneficial owner of such Common Stock, and no adjustment shall be made for dividends or distributions or other rights in respect of such share of Common Stock for which the record date is prior to the date upon which the Participant becomes the holder of record or the beneficial owner thereof. 
 
 9. Notice . Every notice or other communication relating to this Agreement between the Company and the Participant shall be in writing, and shall be mailed to or delivered to the party for whom it is intended at such address as may from time to time be designated by it in a notice mailed or delivered to the other party as in this Agreement provided provided that, unless and until some other address be so designated, all notices or 
 2 

Exhibit 10.6.1 

 communications by the Participant to the Company shall be mailed or delivered to the Company at its principal executive office, to the attention of the Company s General Counsel, and all notices or communications by the Company to the Participant may be given to the Participant personally or may be mailed to the Participant at the Participant s last known address, as reflected in the Company s records. Notwithstanding the above, all notices and communications between the Participant and any third-party plan administrator shall be mailed, delivered, transmitted or sent in accordance with the procedures established by such third-party plan administrator and communicated to the Participant from time to time. 
 
 10. No Right to Continued Service . Neither the Plan nor this Agreement nor the granting of the Restricted Stock Units that are the subject of this Agreement shall be construed as giving the Participant the right to be retained in any service relationship to the Company. 
 
 11. Tax Withholding . The Participant acknowledges that the Participant is solely responsible for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to the Participant s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to the Participant Tax-Related Items ). The Participant further acknowledges that the Company (1) makes no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the subsequent sale of shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividend and or any dividend equivalent and (2) does not commit to and is under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular result. 
 
 12. Nature of Grant . In accepting the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, the Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that 
 
 a. the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 
 b. the grant of the Restricted Stock Units is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past 
 
 c. all decisions with respect to future Restricted Stock Units or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 
 d. the Participant s participation in the Plan is voluntary 
 
 e. the grant of Restricted Stock Units and the Participant s participation in the Plan shall not be interpreted as forming an employment or service agreement with the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate, and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company to terminate Participant s Service at any time 
 3 

Exhibit 10.6.1 

 f. the future value of the underlying shares of Common Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 g. no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from termination of the Participant s Service (for any reason whatsoever) 
 
 h. unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units or any such benefit transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Common Stock 
 
 i. the Company is not liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between the Participant s local currency, if any, and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock Units or of any amounts due to the Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the subsequent sale of any share of Common Stock acquired upon settlement and 
 
 13. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal, or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan, or the Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying shares of Common Stock. The Participant is hereby advised to consult with the Participant s own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 14. Data Privacy . The Participant hereby explicitly and without reservation consents to the collection, use, and transfer, in electronic or other form, of the Participant s personal data as described in this Agreement and any other Restricted Stock Unit grant material by and among, as applicable, the Company, and its other Affiliates or Subsidiaries for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering, and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. 
 
 The Participant understands that the Company, and its other Affiliates or Subsidiaries may hold certain personal information about the Participant, including, but not limited to, the Participant s name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social insurance number, passport or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any share of Common Stock or directorships held in the Company, or details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to shares of Common Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested, or outstanding in the Participant s favor Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering, and managing the Plan. 
 
 The Participant understands that Data will be transferred to any third-party administrator or stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration, and management of the Plan. The Participant understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country (e.g., the United States) may have different data 
 4 

Exhibit 10.6.1 

 privacy laws and protections than the Participant s country. The Participant understands that the Participant may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipient of the Data by contacting Privacy Catalent.com . The Participant authorizes the Company and any other possible recipient that may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering, and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain, and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering, and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer, and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that the Participant may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendment to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents in this Section 14, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing Privacy Catalent.com . Further, the Participant understands that the Participant is providing on a purely voluntary basis the consents described in this Agreement. If the Participant does not consent, or if the Participant later seeks to revoke the Participant s consent, the Participant s service with the Company will not be adversely affected the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing the Participant s consent is that the Company may be unable to grant Restricted Stock Units or other awards to the Participant or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, the Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing the Participant s consent may affect the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of the Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, the Participant understands that the Participant may contact Privacy Catalent.com . 
 
 The Participant understands that the Company may rely on a different legal basis for the collection, processing, and or transfer of Data either now or in the future and or request the Participant to provide another data privacy consent. If applicable and upon request of the Company, the Participant agrees to provide an executed acknowledgment or data privacy consent (or any other acknowledgments, agreements, or consents) to the Company that the Company may deem necessary to obtain under the data privacy laws in the Participant s jurisdictions, either now or in the future. The Participant understands that the Participant may be unable to participate in the Plan if the Participant fails to execute any such acknowledgment, agreement, or consent requested by the Company. 
 
 15. Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon the heirs, executors, 
 administrators, successors and, to the extent permitted, assigns or other Permitted Transferees of the parties to this Agreement. 
 
 16. Waiver and Amendments . Subject to Section 13(b) of the Plan, the Committee 
 may waive any condition or right under, amend any term of, or alter, suspend, discontinue, cancel or terminate, this Agreement, prospectively or retroactively (including after the Participant s Termination) provided that any such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancellation or termination that would materially and adversely affect the rights of the Participant under this Agreement shall not to that extent be effective without the consent of the Participant. No waiver by either of the parties hereto of their rights under this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute a waiver with respect to any subsequent occurrence or transaction under this Agreement unless such waiver specifically states that it is to be construed as a continuing waiver. 
 5 

Exhibit 10.6.1 

 17. Governing Law Venue . This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in 
 accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its principles of conflicts of law. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this grant or this Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in the State of New Jersey, and hereby waive any objection to proceeding in such jurisdiction, including any objection regarding an inconvenient forum. 
 
 18. Plan . The terms and conditions of the Plan are incorporated in this Agreement by 
 reference. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Plan shall govern and control. 
 
 19. Language . The Participant acknowledges that the Participant is sufficiently proficient 
 in English to understand the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If the Participant has received this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 
 20. Severability . The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and if any one or more 
 provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable 
 . 
 21. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide 
 to deliver any document related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 
 22. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose any 
 other requirements on the Participant s participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any share of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require the Participant to sign any additional agreement or undertaking that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 23. Section 409A of the Code . It is intended that the Restricted Stock Units be exempt 
 from or compliant with Section 409A of the Code (together with any Department of Treasury regulation and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including without limitation any such regulation or other guidance that may be issued after the date hereof, Section 409A and this Agreement shall be interpreted, construed, and operated to reflect such intent. However, notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Grant Notice, or this Agreement, if at any time the Committee determines that the Restricted Stock Units (or any portion thereof) may be subject to Section 409A, the Committee shall have the right in its sole discretion (without any obligation to do so or to indemnify the Participant or any other Person for failure to do so) to adopt such amendments to the Plan, the Grant Notice or this Agreement, or adopt other policies and procedures (including amendments, policies, and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other action, as the Committee determines is necessary or appropriate either for the Restricted Stock Units to be exempt from the application of Section 409A or to comply with the requirements of Section 409A. 
 
 6 

Exhibit 10.6.1 

 24. Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . The Participant acknowledges 
 that he or she may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws based on the exchange (if any) on which shares of Common Stock are listed and in applicable jurisdictions, including but not limited to the United States, the Participant s country and the designated broker s country, which may affect the Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell, or otherwise dispose of shares of Common Stock, rights to shares of Common Stock (e.g., Restricted Stock Units) or rights linked to the value of shares of Common Stock under the Plan during such times as the Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in applicable jurisdictions). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders the Participant placed before he or she possessed inside information. Further, the Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party, which may include fellow directors and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restriction that may be imposed under any applicable Company securities trading policy. The Participant acknowledges he or she is responsible for complying with any applicable restrictions and is encouraged to speak to his or her personal legal advisor for further details regarding any applicable insider trading and or market abuse laws in the Participant s country. 
 
 25. Appendix . Notwithstanding any term or condition in this Agreement, the Restricted 
 Stock Unit grant shall be subject to any special terms or condition set forth in Appendix A to this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for the Participant s country. Moreover, if the Participant relocates to one of the countries included in Appendix A, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. Appendix A constitutes part of this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. 
 
 26. Foreign Asset Account, Exchange Control and Tax Reporting . The Participant s 
 country may have certain foreign asset account, exchange control and or tax reporting requirements, which may affect the Participant s ability to acquire or hold shares of Common Stock under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including any dividends received or sale proceeds arising from the sale of shares of Common Stock) in a brokerage or bank account outside the Participant s country. The Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in his or her country. The Participant may also be required to repatriate the sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan to his or her country through a designated bank or broker and or within a certain time after receipt. The Participant acknowledges that it is his or her responsibility to be compliant with such regulations and the Participant should consult with his or her personal legal advisor for any details. 
 
 27. Entire Agreement Miscellaneous . This Agreement, the Grant Notice and the Plan 
 constitute the entire understanding between the Participant and the Company regarding the Restricted Stock Units. This Agreement, the Grant Notice, and the Plan supersede any prior agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning the Restricted Stock Units. The headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect its interpretation. 

7 

Exhibit 10.6.1 

APPENDIX A 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 FOR NON-U.S. NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS 
 UNDER THE 
 CATALENT, INC. 
 2018 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 COUNTRY-SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 All capitalized terms used in this Appendix A that are not defined in this Appendix A have the meanings defined in the Plan or the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. The Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and this Appendix A are collectively the Agreement . 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 This Appendix A includes additional or different terms and conditions that govern the Restricted Stock Units if the Participant resides in one of the countries listed below. The Participant understands that if the Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which he or she is currently residing, transfers residency after the Date of Grant or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the Company shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained in this Appendix A shall apply to the Participant. 
 
 Notifications 
 
 This Appendix A also includes information regarding exchange controls and certain other issues of which the Participant should be aware with respect to participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of July 2022. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Participant should not rely on the information in this Appendix A as the only source of information relating to the consequences of participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time the Restricted Stock Units vest or at the time the Participant sells the shares of Common Stock. 
 
 In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to the Participant s particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure the Participant of a particular result. Accordingly, the Participant should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in the Participant s country may apply to his or her situation. 
 
 Finally, if the Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which he or she is currently residing, transfers residency after the Date of Grant or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information contained herein may not apply to the Participant. 

8 

Exhibit 10.6.1 

GERMANY 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Exchange Control Information . Cross-border payments in excess of 12,500 must be reported electronically to the German Federal Bank Bundesbank ). In the case of payments made or received in connection with securities (including proceeds realized upon the sale of shares of Common Stock or the receipt of dividends), the report must be made by the 5th day of the month following the month in which the payment was made or received. The form of the report Allgemeine Meldeportal Statistik can be accessed via the Bundesbank s website www.bundesbank.de and is available in both German and English. In addition, the Participant may be required to report the acquisition of shares of Common Stock under the Plan to the Bundesbank via email or telephone if the value of the shares acquired exceeds 12,500. The Participant understands that if the Participant makes or receives a payment in excess of this amount, the Participant is responsible for complying with applicable reporting requirements. The Participant should consult his her personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable reporting requirements. 
 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . If the acquisition of shares of Common Stock under the Plan leads to a qualified participation at any point during the calendar year, the Participant will need to report the acquisition of shares of Common Stock when the Participant files his or her tax return for the relevant year. A qualified participation is attained if (i) the value of the shares of Common Stock acquired exceeds 150,000 or (ii) the shares of Common Stock exceed 10 of the Company s total shares of Common Stock. However, if the shares of Common Stock are listed on a recognized U.S. stock exchange (as is currently the case) and the Participant owns less than 1 of the Company, this requirement will not apply to the Participant. The Participant should consult with his or her personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting obligations. 
 
 Taxes 
 
 Satisfaction of Withholding Obligations . Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the Participant will make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, the Participant authorizes the Company and or its agents, at their discretion, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items as set forth in this Section. The Company will satisfy any withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items by the mean set forth in Section 14(d)(ii)(B) of the Plan, unless the use of such withholding method is problematic under applicable tax or securities law or has materially adverse accounting consequences, in which case the withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items may be satisfied by any of the other means set forth in Section 14(d) of the Plan or by such other means or method as the Committee in its sole discretion and without notice to the Participant deems appropriate provided however, that if the Participant is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act then the Participant may elect, in advance of any tax withholding event, to satisfy the amount of any required withholding taxes in respect of the Restricted Stock Units in cash, and in the absence of Participant s timely election, the Company will withhold in shares of Common Stock to satisfy any withholding obligations upon the relevant tax withholding event. 
 9 

Exhibit 10.6.1 

 Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates. If the maximum or another rate that is higher than the Participant s actual rate is used, the Company may refund any over-withheld amount to the Participant in cash (with no entitlement to the Common Stock equivalent), or, if not refunded, the Participant may seek a refund from the local tax authorities. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in shares of Common Stock, for tax purposes, the Participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of Common Stock subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the shares of Common Stock is held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. 
 Finally, the Participant agrees to pay to the Company any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company may be required to withhold or account for as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the shares of Common Stock or the proceeds of the sale of shares of Common Stock, if the Participant fails to comply with the Participant s obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 
 10 

</EX-10.6 1>

<EX-10.6 2>
 3
 catalent-2023630xex1062.htm
 EX-10.6 2

Document 
 
 Exhibit 10.6.2 

 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT UNDER THE CATALENT, INC. 2018 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 Pursuant to the Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (the Grant Notice delivered to the Participant (as defined in the Grant Notice), and subject to the terms of this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, including, as applicable, any special terms and conditions for the Participant s country set forth in Appendix 1 attached hereto (collectively, this Agreement and the Plan (as defined below), Catalent, Inc. (the Company and the Participant agree as follows. 
 1. Definitions . Whenever the following terms are used in this Agreement, they shall have the meanings set forth below. Other capitalized terms are defined throughout this Agreement or in the Plan or the Grant Notice, as applicable. 
 (a) Continuous Catalent Service . The term Continuous Catalent Service means the continuous period of the Participant s Employment beginning on the later of (i) the date the Participant s employer becomes an Affiliate or a Subsidiary of the Company, or (ii) the first day of the Participant s Employment, and ending on the Termination Date. For clarity, Employment with an Affiliate or Subsidiary prior to the date such entity, together with the Company, is first treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code will be disregarded in calculating Continuous Catalent Service. 
 (b) Employment . The term Employment means the Participant s employment as an employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries. 
 (c) Period of Service . The term Period of Service means the continuous period of the Participant s Employment up to the Termination Date, and also includes any prior period of Employment separated by (i) any break in Employment as a result of a leave of absence authorized by the Company or by law and (ii) any break in Employment not authorized by the Company or by law lasting twelve (12) months or less. 
 (d) Person . The term Person means any individual, person, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, corporation, limited liability company, trust, or other business organization, entity or enterprise. 
 (e) Plan . The term Plan means the Company s 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as in effect from time to time. 
 (f) Restrictive Covenant Violation . The term Restrictive Covenant Violation means the Participant s breach of any of the Restrictive Covenants set forth in Section 10 of this Agreement or any covenant regarding confidentiality, competitive activity, solicitation of the Company s or any of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries vendors, suppliers, customers or employees or any similar provision applicable to or agreed to by the Participant, all to the extent permitted by law. 
 (g) Retirement . The term Retirement means a Termination (other than a Termination when grounds existed for a Termination for Cause at the time thereof) initiated by the Participant that occurs on or after the date on which the sum of the Participant s age and Period of Service (calculated in months) equals sixty-five (65) years, so long as the Participant is at least fifty-five (55) years old, has a period of Continuous Catalent Service of at least five (5) years as of the Termination Date, and provides at least six (6) months notice of Participant s intention to retire. 
 (h) Termination . The term Termination means a cessation of a Participant s Employment for any reason. 
 (i) Termination Date . The term Termination Date means the date upon which the Participant incurs a Termination for any reason. 
 2. Grant of Restricted Stock Units . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Grant Notice, and the Plan, for good and valuable consideration, the Company hereby grants to the Participant the number of Restricted Stock Units provided in the Grant Notice. 
 11 

3. Vesting . Subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, the Grant Notice, and the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest as provided in the Grant Notice, except as otherwise set forth in Section 6 of this Agreement. With respect to any Restricted Stock Unit, the period during which such Restricted Stock Unit remains subject to vesting requirements shall be its Restricted Period. 
 4. Dividend Equivalents . The Company will credit Restricted Stock Units with dividend equivalent payments following the payment by the Company of dividends on shares of Common Stock. The Company will provide such dividend equivalents in shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value per Restricted Stock Unit, as of the date of such dividend payment, equal to the per-share amount of such applicable dividend, and shall be payable at the same time as (and only if) the Restricted Stock Units are settled in accordance with Section 5 below. In the event that any Restricted Stock Unit is forfeited by its terms, the Participant shall have no right to dividend equivalent payments in respect of such forfeited Restricted Stock Units. 
 3. Settlement of Restricted Stock Units . Upon expiration of the Restricted Period with respect to any outstanding Restricted Stock Unit not previously forfeited in accordance with Section 6 of this Agreement, the Company shall issue to the Participant within sixty (60) days one share of Common Stock for such Restricted Stock Unit and such Restricted Stock Unit shall be cancelled, subject to Section 14(t)(ii) of the Plan, if applicable. To the extent that (i) the Restricted Stock Units constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A (ii) the Participant is subject to U.S. federal taxation and (iii) the aforementioned sixty (60) day period spans two calendar years, the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in the second of such calendar years. The Company may, in its sole discretion, defer the issuance of such shares beyond the expiration of the Restricted Period if such extension would not cause adverse tax consequences under Section 409A (as defined below). 
 4. Treatment on Termination . 
 (a) Subject to clauses (b) (d) below, if the Participant incurs a Termination prior to the Vesting Date, (i) the Participant s Restricted Stock Units shall cease vesting and (ii) the Participant shall forfeit all unvested Restricted Stock Units to the Company for no consideration as of the Termination Date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, in the event a Participant incurs a Termination of Employment and such Participant continues to provide services to the Company, or any of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries in a non-employee capacity pursuant to a written consulting or similar agreement (a Consulting Agreement with the Company or any of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries expressly providing for continued vesting through the earlier of (x) the duration of such post-employment period or (y) the vesting date , subject to the Participant s execution, delivery, and non-revocation of a waiver and release of claims in favor of the Company and its Affiliates and Subsidiaries in a form prescribed by the Company on or prior to the 60th day following the Termination Date, then the Participant, solely for purposes of this Section 6(a), shall be deemed not to have incurred a Termination (solely for vesting purposes) until the date the Participant ceases to provide services pursuant to such Consulting Agreement, such that the Participant shall not forfeit any unvested Restricted Stock Units as of the Participant s Termination of Employment and the Participant shall continue to be eligible to vest in the Participant s Restricted Stock Units with respect to any Vesting Date that occurs during the period in which the Participant provides services pursuant to such Consulting Agreement. 
 (b) Death . If the Participant incurs a Termination due to death, the Restricted Stock Units shall, to the extent not then vested or previously forfeited or cancelled, become fully vested and the Restricted Period shall expire. 
 (c) Disability Retirement . If the Participant incurs a Termination due to Disability or Retirement, the Restricted Stock Units shall, to the extent not then vested or previously forfeited or cancelled, continue to vest as provided in the Grant Notice as if the Participant had continued Employment through the Vesting Date, subject to the Participant s compliance with the restrictive covenants set forth in Section 10 of this Agreement and the Participant s execution, delivery, and non-revocation of a waiver and release of claims in favor of the Company and its Affiliates and Subsidiaries in a form prescribed by the Company on or prior to the 60 th day following the Termination Date. Upon the Vesting Date, the Restricted Period shall expire. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company receives an opinion of counsel that there has been a legal judgment or development in the Participant s jurisdiction that would cause the continued vesting of the Restricted Stock Units after Termination due to Retirement 
 2 

being deemed unlawful or discriminatory, the unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be treated as set forth in the remaining provisions of this Section 6. 
 (d) Change in Control . In the event of a Change in Control, to the extent the acquiring or successor entity does assume, continue, or substitute for the Restricted Stock Units, if the Participant incurs a Termination by the Service Recipient without Cause (other than due to death or Disability Retirement) during the period commencing on the date of the consummation of a Change in Control and ending on the date that is eighteen (18) months following the consummation of such Change in Control, subject to Section 14(t) of the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units shall, to the extent not then vested or previously forfeited or cancelled, become fully vested and the Restricted Period shall expire. 
 5. Non-Transferability . The Restricted Stock Units are not transferable by the Participant except to Permitted Transferees in accordance with Section 14(b) of the Plan. Whenever the word Participant is used in any provision of this Agreement under circumstances where the provision should logically be construed to apply to executors, administrators, or the Person or Persons to whom the Restricted Stock Units may be transferred by will or by the laws of descent and distribution in accordance with Section 14(b) of the Plan, the word Participant shall be deemed to include such executors, administrators, or Person or Persons. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or the Plan, no assignment or transfer of the Restricted Stock Units, or of the rights represented thereby, whether voluntary or involuntary, by operation of law or otherwise, shall vest in the assignee or transferee any interest or right in this Agreement or the Plan whatsoever, but immediately upon such assignment or transfer the Restricted Stock Units shall be forfeited and become of no further effect. 
 6. Rights as Stockholder . The Participant or a Permitted Transferee of the Restricted Stock Units shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any share of Common Stock underlying a Restricted Stock Unit unless and until the Participant becomes the holder of record or the beneficial owner of such Common Stock, and no adjustment shall be made for dividends or distributions or other rights in respect of such share of Common Stock for which the record date is prior to the date upon which the Participant becomes the holder of record or the beneficial owner thereof. 
 7. Repayment of Proceeds Clawback Policy . If a Restrictive Covenant Violation occurs or the Company discovers after a Termination or termination of any Consulting Agreement that grounds existed for Cause at the time thereof, then the Participant shall be required, in addition to any other remedy available (on a non-exclusive basis), to pay to the Company, within ten (10) business days of the Company s request to the Participant therefor, an amount equal to the aggregate after-tax proceeds (taking into account all amounts of tax that would be recoverable upon a claim of loss for payment of such proceeds in the year of repayment) the Participant received upon the sale or other disposition of, or distributions in respect of, the Restricted Stock Units and any shares of Common Stock issued in respect thereof. Any reference in this Agreement to grounds existing for a Termination for Cause shall be determined without regard to any notice period, cure period, or other procedural delay or event required prior to finding of, or termination with, Cause. The Restricted Stock Units and all proceeds thereof shall be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture and or recoupment to the extent necessary to comply with applicable laws, stock exchange listing requirements and or any clawback or recoupment policy of the Company and the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines or other similar requirements, whenever adopted and as in effect from time to time. 
 8. Restrictive Covenants . 
 (a) To the extent that the Participant is a party to an employment or similar agreement with the Company or one of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries containing non-competition, non-solicitation, non-interference, or confidentiality restrictions (or two or more such restrictions), those restrictions and related enforcement provisions under such agreement shall govern and the corresponding provisions of this Section 10 shall not apply, with no change to Participant s obligations under the remaining provisions of this Section 10. 
 (b) Competitive Activity . 
 (i) The Participant shall be deemed to have engaged in Competitive Activity if, during the period commencing on the Date of Grant and ending on the date that is the later of (x) 12 months after the Termination Date and (y) the Vesting Date (in either case, the Restricted 
 3 

Activity Period ), the Participant, whether on the Participant s own behalf or on behalf of or in conjunction with any other Person, directly or indirectly, violates any of the following prohibitions 
 (I) During the Restricted Activity Period, the Participant will not, whether on the Participant s own behalf or on behalf of or in conjunction with any Person, directly or indirectly, solicit or assist in soliciting in competition with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, the business of any client or prospective client 
 (1) with whom the Participant had personal contact or dealings on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates during the one-year period preceding the later of the Termination Date and the end of the provision of services pursuant to any Consulting Agreement 
 (2) with whom employees reporting to the Participant have had personal contact or dealings on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates during the one-year period preceding the later of the Termination Date and the end of the provision of services pursuant to any Consulting Agreement or 
 (3) for whom the Participant had direct or indirect responsibility during the one-year period preceding the later of the Termination Date and the end of the provision of services pursuant to any Consulting Agreement. 
 (II) During the Restricted Activity Period, the Participant will not directly or indirectly 
 (1) engage in any business that competes with the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, including, but not limited to, providing formulation dose form technologies and or contract services to pharmaceutical, biotechnology, over-the-counter and vitamins minerals supplements companies related to pre-clinical and clinical development, formulation, analysis, manufacturing and or packaging, and any other technology, product, or service of the type developed, manufactured, or sold by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates (including, without limitation, any other business that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates have plans to engage in as of the Termination Date) in any geographical area where the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates conducts business (a Competitive Business 
 (2) enter the employ of, or render any services to, any Person (or any division or controlled or controlling Affiliate of any Person) who or which engages in a Competitive Business 
 (3) acquire a financial interest in, or otherwise become actively involved with, any Competitive Business, directly or indirectly, as an individual, partner, shareholder, officer, director, principal, agent, trustee, or consultant or 
 (4) interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, any business relationship (whether formed before, on, or after the Date of Grant) between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates and any customer, client, supplier, or investor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Participant may, directly or indirectly own, solely as an investment, securities of any Person engaged in any Competitive Business that are publicly traded on a national or regional stock exchange or on the over-the-counter market if the Participant (i) is not a controlling person of, or a member of a group that controls, such Person and (ii) does not, directly or indirectly, own 5 or more of any class of securities 
 4 

of such Person. Any such qualifying ownership shall not be deemed to be engaging in Competitive Activity or a Restrictive Covenant Violation for purposes of this Agreement. 
 (III) During the Restricted Activity Period, the Participant will not, whether on the Participant s own behalf or on behalf of or in conjunction with any Person, directly or indirectly 
 (1) solicit or encourage any employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates to leave such Employment or 
 (2) hire any such employee who was employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates as of the Termination Date or who left such employment coincident with, or within six (6) months prior to or after, the Termination Date provided, however , that this restriction shall cease to apply to any employee who has not been employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates for at least six (6) months. 
 (IV) During the Restricted Activity Period, the Participant will not, directly or indirectly, solicit or encourage to cease to work with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates any consultant then under contract with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates. 
 (i) It is expressly understood and agreed that although the Participant and the Company consider the restrictions contained in this Section 10(b) to be reasonable, if a final judicial determination is made by a court of competent jurisdiction that the time or territory or any other restriction contained in this Agreement is an unenforceable restriction against the Participant, the provisions of this Agreement shall not be rendered void but shall be deemed amended to apply as to such maximum time and territory and to such maximum extent as such court may judicially determine or indicate to be enforceable. Alternatively, if any court of competent jurisdiction finds that any restriction contained in this Agreement is unenforceable, and such restriction cannot be amended so as to make it enforceable, such finding shall not affect the enforceability of any of the other restrictions contained in this Section 10(b). 
 (ii) To the extent a Participant (i) lives in a jurisdiction where restrictive covenants are void as against public policy or (ii) has a business title below the level of director and receives base compensation of less than 100,000 (or its local currency equivalent) per year, this Section 10(b) of this Agreement shall be considered deleted from and therefore not part of this Agreement. 
 (c) Confidentiality . 
 (i) The Participant will not at any time (whether during or after the Participant s Employment) (x) retain or use for the benefit, purposes or account of the Participant or any other Person or (y) disclose, divulge, reveal, communicate, share, transfer or provide access to any Person outside the Company and its Affiliates and Subsidiaries (other than its professional advisors who are bound by confidentiality obligations), any non-public, proprietary or confidential information (including, without limitation, trade secrets, know-how, research and development, software, databases, inventions, processes, formulae, technology, designs and other intellectual property, information concerning finances, investments, profits, pricing, costs, products, services, vendors, customers, clients, partners, investors, personnel, compensation, recruiting, training, advertising, sales, marketing, promotions, and government and regulatory activities and approvals) concerning the past, current, or future business, activities, and operations of the Company, its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, and or any third party that has disclosed or provided any of same to the Company on a confidential basis Confidential Information without the prior written authorization of the Board. 
 (ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 10(c)(i), Confidential Information shall not include any information that (w) is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10(c) (x) is already known by the recipient of the disclosed information at the time of disclosure as evidenced by the recipient s written records, (y) becomes available to the recipient of the disclosed information on a non-confidential basis from a source that is entitled to disclose it on a non-confidential basis, or (z) 
 5 

was or is independently developed by or for the recipient of the information without reference to Confidential Information, as evidenced by the recipient s written records. 
 (iii) Except as required by law, the Participant will not disclose to anyone, other than the Participant s immediate family and legal or financial or tax advisors or lender, each of whom the Participant agrees to instruct not to disclose, the existence or contents of this Agreement (unless this Agreement shall be publicly available as a result of a regulatory filing made by the Company or one of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries) provided , that the Participant may disclose to any prospective future employer the provisions of Section 10 of this Agreement provided such prospective future employer agrees to maintain the confidentiality of such terms. 
 (iv) Upon Termination, the Participant shall (x) cease and not thereafter commence use of any Confidential Information or intellectual property (including without limitation, any patent, invention, copyright, trade secret, trademark, trade name, logo, domain name, or other source indicator) owned or used by the Company, its Subsidiaries, or Affiliates (y) immediately destroy, delete, or return to the Company, at the Company s option, all originals and copies in any form or medium (including memoranda, books, papers, plans, computer files, letters, and other data) in the Participant s possession or control (including any of the foregoing stored or located in the Participant s office, home, laptop, or other computer, whether or not Company property) that contain Confidential Information or otherwise relate to the business of the Company or one of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries, except that the Participant may retain only those portions of any personal notes, notebooks, and diaries that do not contain any Confidential Information and (z) notify and fully cooperate with the Company regarding the delivery or destruction of any other Confidential Information of which the Participant is or becomes aware. 
 (v) Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1833(b), the parties to this Agreement have the right to disclose in confidence trade secrets to federal, state, and local government officials, or to an attorney, for the sole purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. The parties to this Agreement also have the right to disclose trade secrets in a document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, but only if the filing is made under seal and protected from public disclosure. 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) states An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (A) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets where such disclosure is expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. 1833(b). 
 (b) Equitable Relief. Notwithstanding the remedies set forth in Section 9 above and notwithstanding any other remedy that would otherwise be available to the Company at law or in equity, the Company and the Participant agree and acknowledge that if an actual or threatened Restrictive Covenant Violation occurs, the Company will be entitled to an injunction and or other equitable relief restraining the Participant from the Restrictive Covenant Violation without the necessity of posting a bond or proving actual damages. 
 9. Tax Withholding . 
 (a) Responsibility for Taxes . The Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, the Service Recipient, the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to the Participant s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to the Participant Tax-Related Items is and remains the Participant s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Service Recipient. The Participant further acknowledges that neither the Company nor the Service Recipient (1) makes any representation or undertaking regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting, or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the subsequent sale of shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividend or any dividend equivalent and (2) commits to or is under any obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if the Participant is subject to Tax-Related Items in more than 
 6 

one jurisdiction, the Participant acknowledges that the Company or the Service Recipient (or former Service Recipient, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 (b) Satisfaction of Withholding Obligations . Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the Participant shall make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company or the Service Recipient, as appropriate, to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, the Participant authorizes the Company and the Service Recipient, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy their withholding obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by any of the means described in the Plan or by such other means or method as the Committee in its sole discretion and without notice to the Participant deems appropriate provided, however , that, if the Participant is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, then the Participant may elect, in advance of any tax withholding event, to satisfy the amount of all required Tax-Related Items in respect of the Restricted Stock Units in cash, and, in the absence of Participant s timely election, the Company will withhold shares of Common Stock to satisfy any withholding obligations upon the relevant tax withholding event. 
 Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates. If the maximum or another rate that is higher than the Participant s actual rate is used, the Company or the Service Recipient may refund any over-withheld amount to the Participant in cash (with no entitlement to the Common Stock equivalent), or, if not refunded, the Participant may seek a refund from the local tax authorities. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding shares of Common Stock, the Participant shall be deemed for tax purposes to have been issued the full number of shares of Common Stock subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a portion of the shares of Common Stock is held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. 
 Finally, the Participant shall pay to the Company or the Service Recipient any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Service Recipient may be required to withhold or account for as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the shares of Common Stock or the proceeds of the sale of shares of Common Stock, if the Participant fails to comply with the Participant s obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 10. Notice . Every notice or other communication relating to this Agreement between the Company and the Participant shall be in writing, and shall be mailed to or delivered to the party for whom it is intended at such address as may from time to time be designated by it in a notice mailed or delivered to the other party as provided in this Agreement provided , that, unless and until some other address be so designated, all notices or communications by the Participant to the Company shall be mailed or delivered to the Company at its principal executive office, to the attention of the Company s General Counsel, and all notices or communications by the Company to the Participant may be given to the Participant personally or may be mailed to the Participant at the Participant s last known address, as reflected in the Company s records. Notwithstanding the above, all notices and communications between the Participant and any third-party plan administrator shall be mailed, delivered, transmitted, or sent in accordance with the procedures established by such third-party plan administrator and communicated to the Participant from time to time. 
 11. No Right to Continued Employment . Neither the Plan nor this Agreement nor the granting of the Restricted Stock Units that are the subject of this Agreement shall be construed as giving the Participant the right to be retained in the employ of, or in any consulting relationship to, the Company or any of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries. Further, the Company, or, if different, the Service Recipient, may at any time dismiss the Participant or discontinue any consulting relationship, free from any liability or any claim under the Plan or this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement. 
 12. Nature of Grant . In accepting the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, the Participant acknowledges, understands, and agrees that 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended, or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 7 

(b) the grant of the Restricted Stock Units is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future Restricted Stock Units or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 (d) neither the Restricted Stock Unit grant nor the Participant s participation in the Plan shall create any right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment or service contract with the Company, the Service Recipient or any Affiliate or Subsidiary of the Company or interfere with the ability of the Company, the Service Recipient or any Affiliate or Subsidiary of the Company, as applicable, to terminate the Participant s employment or service contract (if any), to the extent otherwise permitted by law or any applicable agreement other than this Agreement 
 (e) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, none of the Restricted Stock Units, the shares of Common Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Units, and the income and value of same is granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service the Participant may provide as a director of the Company, the Service Recipient, or any Affiliate or Subsidiary of the Company 
 (f) the Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 (g) none of the Restricted Stock Units, the shares of Common Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Units, and the income and value of same is intended to replace any pension right or other form of compensation 
 (h) none of the Restricted Stock Units, the shares of Common Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Units, and the income and value of same is part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose, including, without limitation, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, or end-of-service payments, any bonus, holiday pay, long-service award, pension, or retirement or welfare benefit, or any similar payment 
 (i) the future value of the underlying shares of Common Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 (j) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from any forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from a Termination or end of provision of services pursuant to any Consulting Agreement (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of any employment-related law in any jurisdiction applicable to the Participant s employment or the terms of the Participant s employment agreement, if any) 
 (k) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, neither the Restricted Stock Units nor any benefit evidenced by this Agreement creates any entitlement either (i) to have the Restricted Stock Units or any such benefit transferred to or assumed by another company or (ii) to be exchanged, cashed out, or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Common Stock and 
 (l) the Participant acknowledges and agrees that none of the Company, the Service Recipient, and any Affiliate or Subsidiary of the Company shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between the Participant s local currency, if any, and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock Units or of any amount due to the Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the subsequent sale of any share of Common Stock acquired upon settlement. 
 13. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal, or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendation regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan, or the Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying shares of Common Stock. The Participant is hereby advised to consult with the Participant s own personal tax, legal, and financial advisors regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 14. Data Privacy . The Participant hereby explicitly and without reservation consents to the collection, use, and transfer, in electronic or other form, of the Participant s personal data as described in this Agreement and any other Restricted Stock Unit grant material by and among, as applicable, the 
 8 

Service Recipient, the Company, and its other Affiliates or Subsidiaries for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering, and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. 
 The Participant understands that the Service Recipient, the Company and its other Affiliates or Subsidiaries may hold certain personal information about the Participant, including, but not limited to, the Participant s name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social insurance number, passport or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Common Stock or directorships held in the Company, or details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to shares of Common Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested, or outstanding in the Participant s favor Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering, and managing the Plan. 
 The Participant understands that Data will be transferred to any third-party administrator or stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration, and management of the Plan. The Participant understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than the Participant s country. The Participant understands that the Participant may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipient of the Data by contacting the Participant s local human resources representative. The Participant authorizes the Company and any other possible recipient that may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering, and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain, and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering, and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer, and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that the Participant may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendment to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents in this Section 16, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing the Participant s local human resources representative. Further, the Participant understands that the Participant is providing on a purely voluntary basis the consents described in this Agreement. If the Participant does not consent, or if the Participant later seeks to revoke the Participant s consent, the Participant s Employment or service with the Service Recipient will not be adversely affected the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing the Participant s consent is that the Company may be unable to grant Restricted Stock Units or other awards to the Participant or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, the Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing the Participant s consent may affect the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of the Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, the Participant understands that the Participant may contact the Participant s local human resources representative. 
 The Participant understands that the Company may rely on a different legal basis for the collection, processing, and or transfer of Data either now or in the future and or request the Participant to provide another data privacy consent. If applicable and upon request of the Company or the Service Recipient, the Participant agrees to provide an executed acknowledgment or data privacy consent (or any other acknowledgments, agreements, or consents) to the Company and or the Service Recipient that the Company and or the Service Recipient may deem necessary to obtain under the data privacy laws in the Participant s country, either now or in the future. The Participant understands that the Participant may be unable to participate in the Plan if the Participant fails to execute any such acknowledgment, agreement, or consent requested by the Company and or the Service Recipient. 
 15. Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon the heirs, executors, administrators, successors, and, to the extent permitted, assigns or other Permitted Transferees of the parties to this Agreement. 
 16. Waiver and Amendments . Subject to Section 13(b) of the Plan, the Committee may waive any condition or right under, amend any term of, or alter, suspend, discontinue, cancel, or terminate, this Agreement, prospectively or retroactively (including after the Participant s Termination) provided , that any such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancellation, or termination that would materially and adversely affect the rights of the Participant under this Agreement shall not to that extent be effective without the consent of the Participant. No waiver by either of the parties hereto of their rights under this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute a waiver with respect to 
 9 

any subsequent occurrence or transaction under this Agreement unless such waiver specifically states that it is to be construed as a continuing waiver. 
 17. Governing Law Venue . This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its principles of conflicts of law. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this grant or this Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in the State of New Jersey, and hereby waive any objection to proceeding in such jurisdiction, including any objection regarding an inconvenient forum. 
 18. Plan . The terms and conditions of the Plan are incorporated in this Agreement by reference. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Plan shall govern and control. 
 19. Language . The Participant acknowledges that the Participant is sufficiently proficient in English to understand the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If the Participant has received this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 20. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any document related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 21. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose any other requirement on the Participant s participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units, and on any share of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require the Participant to sign any additional agreement or undertaking that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 22. Section 409A of the Code . It is intended that the Restricted Stock Units be exempt from or compliant with Section 409A of the Code (together with any Department of Treasury regulation and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including without limitation any such regulation or other guidance that may be issued after the date hereof, Section 409A and this Agreement shall be interpreted, construed, and operated to reflect such intent. However, notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Grant Notice, or this Agreement, if at any time the Committee determines that the Restricted Stock Units (or any portion thereof) may be subject to Section 409A, the Committee shall have the right in its sole discretion (without any obligation to do so or to indemnify the Participant or any other Person for failure to do so) to adopt such amendments to the Plan, the Grant Notice, or this Agreement, or adopt other policies and procedures (including amendments, policies, and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other action, as the Committee determines is necessary or appropriate either for the Restricted Stock Units to be exempt from the application of Section 409A or to comply with the requirements of Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision herein to the contrary, if the Participant is a specified employee as determined by the Company in accordance with its established policy, any settlement of Restricted Stock Units hereunder that would be a payment of deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A with respect to the Participant as a result of the Participant s separation from service as defined under Section 409A (other than as a result of death) and that would otherwise be paid within six months of the Participant s separation from service shall be payable on the date that is one day after the earlier of (i) the date that is six months after the Participant s separation from service, or (ii) the date that otherwise complies with the requirements of Section 409A. The payment of amounts and delivery of shares hereunder is hereby designated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. The Participant understand and agrees that the participant is solely responsible for the payment of any taxes and penalties due pursuant to Section 409A. 
 23. Appendix . Notwithstanding any term or condition in this Agreement, the Restricted Stock Unit grant shall be subject to any special term or condition set forth in Appendix 1 to this 
 10 

Agreement for the Participant s country. Moreover, if the Participant relocates to one of the countries included in Appendix 1, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Participant to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. Appendix 1 constitutes part of this Agreement. 
 24. Foreign Asset Account, Exchange Control and Tax Reporting . The Participant s country may have certain foreign asset account, exchange control, and or tax reporting requirements, which may affect the Participant s ability to acquire or hold shares of Common Stock under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including any dividend received or sale proceeds arising from the sale of shares of Common Stock) in a brokerage or bank account outside the Participant s country. The Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets, or transactions to the tax or other authorities in Participant s country. The Participant may also be required to repatriate the sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan to Participant s country through a designated bank or broker and or within a certain time after receipt. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant s responsibility to be compliant with such regulations and the Participant should consult Participant s personal legal advisor for further details. 
 25. Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . The Participant acknowledges that the Participant may be subject to the insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws of one or more countries that may affect the Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell, or otherwise dispose of shares of Common Stock, rights to shares of Common Stock e.g. , Restricted Stock Units), or rights linked to the value of shares of Common Stock under the Plan during such times as the Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in applicable jurisdictions). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders the Participant placed before the Participant possessed inside information. Further, the Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party, which may include fellow employees, and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restriction that may be imposed under any applicable Company securities trading policy. The Participant acknowledges that Participant is responsible for complying with any applicable restrictions and is encouraged to speak to Participant s own personal legal advisor for further details regarding any insider trading and or market abuse laws applicable to the Participant. 
 26. Entire Agreement Miscellaneous . This Agreement, the Grant Notice, and the Plan constitute the entire understanding between the Participant and the Company regarding the Restricted Stock Units. This Agreement, the Grant Notice, and the Plan supersede any prior agreements, commitments, or negotiations concerning the Restricted Stock Units. The headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect its interpretation. 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank 
 11 

APPENDIX 1 
 GLOBAL RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT UNDER THE 
 CATALENT, INC. 
 2018 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 COUNTRY-SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NON-U.S. PARTICIPANTS 
 All capitalized terms used in this Appendix 1 that are not defined in this Appendix 1 have the meanings defined in the Plan, the Agreement or the Grant Notice. 
 Terms and Conditions 
 This Appendix 1 includes additional or different terms and conditions that govern the Restricted Stock Units if the Participant works or resides in one of the countries listed below. The Participant understands that if the Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which the Participant is currently residing and or working, transfers Employment and or residency after the Date of Grant, or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the Company shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained in this Appendix 1 shall apply to the Participant. 
 Notifications 
 This Appendix 1 also includes information regarding exchange controls and certain other issues of which the Participant should be aware with respect to participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of July 2023. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Participant should not rely on the information in this Appendix 1 as the only source of information relating to the consequences of participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time the Restricted Stock Units vest or at the time the Participant sells the shares of Common Stock. 
 In addition, the information contained in this Appendix 1 is general in nature and may not apply to the Participant s particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure the Participant of a particular result. Accordingly, the Participant should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in the Participant s country may apply to the Participant s situation. 
 Finally, if the Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which the Participant is currently residing and or working, transfers Employment and or residency after the Date of Grant or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information contained in this Appendix 1 may not apply to the Participant. 
 
 12 

EUROPEAN UNION EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA SWITZERLAND UNITED KINGDOM 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Data Privacy . If the Participant is employed in the European Union EU ), the European Economic Area, Switzerland or the United Kingdom (collectively, EEA+ ), the following provision replaces Section 16 of the Agreement 
 The Company is located at 14 Schoolhouse Road, Somerset, New Jersey 08873, USA and grants employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries or Affiliates the opportunity to participate in the Plan, at the Company s sole discretion. If the Participant would like to participate in the Plan, the Participant understands that the Participant should review the following information about the Company s data processing practices. The Company s representative in the EU is 
 
 Catalent Pharma Solutions GmbH 
 Riedstrasse 1 
 Cham, Switzerland CH-6330 
 +41 41 747 4250 
 Privacy Catalent.com 
 (a) Data Collection and Usage . Pursuant to applicable data protection laws, the Participant is hereby notified that the Company collects, processes, uses, and transfers certain personally identifiable information about the Participant for the exclusive legitimate purpose of implementing, administering, and managing the Plan and generally administering employee equity awards, specifically, the Participant s name, home address and telephone number, e-mail address, date of birth, social insurance number, passport or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any equity or directorships held in the Company and any Affiliate or Subsidiary, and details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to shares of stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested, or outstanding in the Participant s favor, which the Company receives from the Participant or the Service Recipient Personal Data ). In order to facilitate Participant s participation in the Plan, the Company will collect, process, use, and transfer the Participant s Personal Data for purposes of allocating shares of Common Stock and implementing, administering, and managing the Plan. The Company s collection, processing, use, and transfer of the Participant s Personal Data is necessary for the performance of the Plan and pursuant to the Company s legitimate business interests of managing the Plan and generally administering employee equity awards. The Participant s refusal to provide Personal Data would make it impossible for the Company to perform its contractual obligations and may affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. As such, by participating in the Plan, Participant voluntarily acknowledges the collection, use, processing, and transfer of Participant s Personal Data as described herein. 
 (b) Stock Plan Administration Service Providers . The Company transfers participant data to Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, an independent service provider based in the United States, which assists the Company with the implementation, administration, and management of the Plan. In the future, the Company may select a different service provider and share the Participant s data with another company that serves in a similar manner. The Company s service provider will open an account for the Participant to receive and trade shares of Common Stock. The Participant s Personal Data will only be accessible by those individuals requiring access to it for purposes of implementing, administering, and operating the Plan. 
 (c) International Data Transfers . The Company and its service providers operate, relevant to the Company, in the United States, which means that it will be necessary for Personal Data to be transferred to, and processed in, the United States. By participating in the Plan, the Participant understands that the service providers will receive, possess, use, retain, and transfer the Participant s Personal Data for the purposes of implementing, administering, and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. When transferring the Participant s Personal Data to these service providers, the Company provides appropriate safeguards in accordance with the EU Standard Contractual Clauses. The Participant may request a copy of the safeguards used to protect the Participant s Personal Data by contacting Privacy Catalent.com . 
 (d) Data Subject Rights . To the extent provided by law, the Participant has the right to request access to Personal Data, rectification of Personal Data, erasure of Personal Data, restriction of 
 13 

processing of Personal Data, and portability of Personal Data. The Participant may also have the right to object, on grounds related to a particular situation, to the processing of Personal Data, as well as opt-out of the Plan herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing Privacy Catalent.com. The Participant s provision of Personal Data is a contractual requirement. The Participant understands, however, that the only consequence of refusing to provide Personal Data is that the Company may not be able to allow the Participant to participate in the Plan or grant other equity awards to the Participant or administer or maintain such awards. For more information on the consequences of the refusal to provide Personal Data, the Participant may contact Privacy Catalent.com. The Participant may also have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection supervisory authority. 
 (e) Data Retention . The Company will use the Participant s Personal Data only as long as is necessary to implement, administer, and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan or as required to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including under tax and security laws. When the Company no longer needs the Participant s Personal Data, which will generally be seven (7) years after the Participant participates in the Plan, the Company will remove it from it from its systems. If the Company keeps data longer, it would be to satisfy legal or regulatory obligations and the Company s legal basis would be relevant laws or regulations. 
 ARGENTINA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Acknowledgment of Nature of Plan and Restricted Stock Units . The following provision supplements the Nature of Grant paragraph of the Agreement 
 In accepting the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that the grant of the Restricted Stock Units is made by the Company (not the Service Recipient) in its sole discretion and that the value of any Restricted Stock Units or shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan shall not constitute salary or wages for any purpose under Argentine labor law, including the calculation of (i) any labor benefits including, but not limited to, vacation pay, thirteenth salary, compensation in lieu of notice, annual bonus, disability, and leave of absence payments, or (ii) any termination or severance indemnities. 
 If, notwithstanding the foregoing, any benefits under the Plan are considered for purposes of calculating any termination or severance indemnities, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that such benefits shall not accrue more frequently than on an annual basis. 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information. Neither the Restricted Stock Units nor the underlying shares of Common Stock are publicly offered or listed on any stock exchange in Argentina. 
 Personal Assets Tax Information . The Participant may be subject to a personal assets tax depending on the value of Participant s computable assets per year (including any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan). The rules for determining the Participant s personal assets tax liability, if any, are complex, and the Participant is advised to speak with Participant s personal tax advisor to determine the Participant s obligations with respect to the personal assets tax. 
 Bank Tax Information . The Tax on Checking Accounts Bank Tax is imposed on funds transferred to or from bank accounts in Argentina. It is possible that the Bank Tax may apply to payments made to the Participant s bank account in relation to the sale of any shares of Common Stock acquired upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units and or the receipt of any cash dividends paid with respect to shares of Common Stock, although there are some limited exemptions from the Bank Tax. The Participant should speak with Participant s personal tax advisor to determine Participant s obligations with respect to the Bank Tax and whether the Participant may be eligible for an exemption from the Bank Tax. 
 Exchange Control Information . Certain restrictions and requirements may apply if and when the Participant transfers proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock or any cash dividends paid with respect to such shares of Common Stock into Argentina. 
 Please note that exchange control regulations in Argentina are subject to change. The Participant should speak with Participant s personal legal advisor regarding any exchange control obligations that the 
 14 

Participant may have prior to vesting in the Restricted Stock Units or remitting funds into Argentina, as the Participant is responsible for complying with applicable exchange control laws. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information. The Participant must report any share of Common Stock acquired under the Plan and held by the Participant on December 31 st of each year on the Participant s annual tax return for that year. The Participant is strongly advised to consult the Participant s personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with this tax reporting obligation. 
 
 AUSTRIA 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information . If the Participant holds securities (including shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan) or cash (including proceeds from the sale of shares) outside of Austria, the Participant may be subject to reporting obligations to the Austrian National Bank. If the value of the shares of Common Stock meets or exceeds a certain threshold, the Participant must report the securities held on a quarterly basis to the Austrian National Bank as of the last day of the quarter, on or before the 15th day of the month following the end of the calendar quarter. In all other cases, an annual reporting obligation applies and the report has to be filed as of December 31 on or before January 31 of the following year using the form P2. Where the cash amounts held outside of Austria meets or exceeds a certain threshold, monthly reporting obligations apply as explained in the next paragraph. 
 
 If the Participant sells shares of Common Stock, or receives other cash payments in connection with the Plan, the Participant may have exchange control obligations if the Participant holds the cash amounts outside of Austria. If the transaction volume of all of the Participant's accounts abroad meets or exceeds a certain threshold, the Participant must report to the Austrian National Bank the movements and balances of all accounts on a monthly basis, as of the last day of the month, on or before the 15th day of the following month, on the prescribed form Meldungen SI-Forderungen und oder SI-Verpflichtungen ). 
 
 BELGIUM 
 Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information. The Participant is required to report any security or bank account (including a brokerage account) opened and maintained outside Belgium on Participant s annual tax return. In a separate report, the Participant must provide the National Bank of Belgium with certain details regarding such foreign accounts (including the account number, bank name and country in which such account was opened). This report, as well as additional information on how to complete it, can be found on the website of the National Bank of Belgium at www.nbe.be, under the Kredietcentrales Centrales des cr dits caption. 
 Stock Exchange Tax Information . A stock exchange tax applies to transactions executed by a Belgium resident through a non-Belgian financial intermediary. The stock exchange tax likely will apply when shares of Common Stock are sold. The Participant is responsible for paying and reporting the stock exchange tax due on the sales transaction and should consult with the Participant s tax advisor for details on the applicability of this tax. 
 Annual Securities Account Tax Information. A new annual securities accounts tax has been implemented, which imposes a 0.15 annual tax on the value of qualifying securities held in a Belgian or foreign securities account. The tax will not apply unless the total value of securities the Participant holds in such an account exceeds an average of 1 million on four reference dates within the relevant reporting period (i.e., December 31, March 31, June 30 and September 30). Different payment obligations may apply, depending on whether the securities account is held with a Belgian or foreign financial institution. The Participant should consult his her personal tax advisor for more information regarding the Participant's annual securities accounts tax payment obligations. 
 BRAZIL 
 Terms and Conditions 
 15 

Nature of Grant. The following provisions supplement Section 14 of the Agreement 
 In accepting the Restricted Stock Units, the Participant agrees that (i) Participant is making an investment decision, (i) the shares of Common Stock will be issued to the Participant only if the vesting conditions are met, and any necessary service is rendered by the Participant over the Restricted Period, and (iii) the value of the underlying shares of Common Stock is not fixed and may increase or decrease in value over the Restricted Period without compensation to the Participant. 
 The Participant agrees, for all legal purposes, (a) the benefits provided under the Agreement and the Plan are the result of commercial transactions unrelated to the Participant s service relationship with the Service Recipient (b) the Agreement and the Plan are not a part of the terms and conditions of the Participant s service relationship with the Service Recipient and (c) the income from the Restricted Stock Units, if any, is not part of the Participant s remuneration from service for the Service Recipient. 
 Compliance with Law. By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, the Participant acknowledges Participant s agreement to comply with applicable Brazilian laws and to pay any and all applicable Tax-Related Items associated with the Restricted Stock Units, the receipt of any dividend, and the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan. 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Notification. Brazilian residents and persons domiciled in Brazil are required to submit an annual declaration of assets and rights held outside of Brazil to the Central Bank of Brazil if the aggregate value of such assets and rights is equal to or greater than US 1,000,000. Quarterly reporting is required if such value exceeds US 100,000,000. The assets and rights that must be reported include shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan and may include the Restricted Stock Units . The thresholds are subject to change annually. 
 Tax on Financial Transactions. Repatriation of funds into Brazil and the conversion between Brazilian Real and United States Dollars associated with such fund transfers may be subject to the Tax on Financial Transactions. It is the Participant's responsibility to comply with any applicable Tax on Financial Transactions arising from the Participant's participation in the Plan. The Participant should consult with his her personal tax advisor for additional details. 
 CANADA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 The following terms and conditions apply if the Participant resides in Quebec 
 Data Privacy. The following provision supplements Section 16 of the Agreement The Participant hereby authorizes the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan. The Participant further authorizes the Company and its Affiliates and Subsidiaries, and any designated broker that may be selected by the Company, to assist with the Plan to disclose and discuss the Plan with their respective advisors. The Participant further authorizes the Company and its Subsidiaries to record such information and to keep such information in Participant s employee file. The Participant also acknowledges and agrees that the Participant s personal information, including any sensitive personal information, may be transferred or disclosed outside the province of Quebec, including to the U.S. If applicable, the Participant also acknowledges and authorizes the Company, its Subsidiaries and Affiliates, and any stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company to assist with the Plan to use technology for profiling purposes and to make automated decisions that may have an impact on the Participant or the administration of the Plan. 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information. The Participant is permitted to sell shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan through the Company s designated broker, provided the resale of such shares of Common Stock takes place outside of Canada through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the shares of Common Stock are listed. The shares of Common Stock are currently listed on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 16 

Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . Foreign property, including Restricted Stock Units, shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, and other rights to receive shares of Common Stock of a non-Canadian company held by a Canadian resident must generally be reported annually on a Form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) if the total cost of the foreign property exceeds C 100,000 at any time during the year. Thus, unvested Restricted Stock Units must be reported generally at a nil cost if the C 100,000 cost threshold is exceeded because the Participant holds other foreign property. When shares of Common Stock are acquired, their cost generally is the adjusted cost base ACB of the shares of Common Stock. The ACB would ordinarily equal the fair market value of the shares of Common Stock at the time of acquisition, but if the Participant owns other shares of Common Stock of the same company, this ACB may need to be averaged with the ACB of the other shares of Common Stock. The Participant should consult Participant s personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting obligations. 
 CHINA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 The following terms and conditions will be applicable to the Participant to the extent that the Company, in its discretion, determines that the Participant s participation in the Plan will be subject to exchange control restrictions in the People s Republic of China PRC ), as implemented by the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE ). 
 Settlement of Vested Restricted Stock Units. This provision replaces Section 5 of the Agreement 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or the Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units do not provide the Participant with any right to receive shares of Common Stock. Upon vesting, the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled and paid only in cash through local payroll in an amount equal to the fair market value of the shares of Common Stock at vesting less any Tax-Related Items. The Participant agrees to bear any currency fluctuation risk between the time the Restricted Stock Units vest and the time the cash payment is distributed to the Participant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company reserves the right to settle the Restricted Stock Units in shares of Common Stock, in its discretion. 
 FRANCE 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Type of Restricted Stock Units. The Restricted Stock Units are not granted as French-qualified awards and are not intended to qualify for the special tax and social security treatment applicable to shares granted for no consideration under Sections L. 225-197 to L. 225-197-6 of the French Commercial Code, as amended. 
 Consent to Receive Information in English. By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, the Participant confirms having read and understood the documents related to the Restricted Stock Units (the Plan and the Agreement) which were provided in the English language. The Participant accepts the terms of these documents accordingly. 
 Consentement Relatif l'Utilisation de la Langue Anglaise. En acceptant l Attribution, le Participant confirme avoir lu et compris les documents relatifs cette Attribution (le Plan et le Contrat d'Attribution) qui ont t remis en langue anglaise. Le Participant accepte les termes de ces documents en cons quence. 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information. The Participant must declare to the customs and excise authorities any cash or securities the Participant imports or exports without the use of a financial institution when the value of the cash or securities is equal to or exceeds 10,000 for 2020. The declaration must be filed with the local customs service of the frontier where the cash or securities are imported or exported. The filing must be executed by the person who completes the transaction. It is the Participant s obligation to comply with the exchange controls applicable to the Participant, not the Company s or the Service Recipient s. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information. The Participant is required to report all foreign accounts (whether open, current, or closed) to the French tax authorities when filing Participant s annual tax return. Additional monthly reporting obligations may apply if the Participant's foreign account 
 17 

balances exceed a certain threshold. Failure to complete these reports trigger penalties for the French resident Participant. The Participant should consult Participant s personal legal advisor regarding the details of this reporting obligation. 
 GERMANY 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information. Cross-border payments in excess of 12,500 must be reported electronically to the German Federal Bank Bundesbank ). In the case of payments made or received in connection with securities (including proceeds realized upon the sale of shares of Common Stock or the receipt of dividends), the report must be made by the 5th day of the month following the month in which the payment was made or received. The form of the report Allgemeine Meldeportal Statistik can be accessed via the Bundesbank s website (www.bundesbank.de) and is available in both German and English. In addition, the Participant may be required to report the acquisition of shares of Common Stock under the Plan to the Bundesbank via email or telephone if the value of the shares acquired exceeds 12,500. The Participant understands that if the Participant makes or receives a payment in excess of this amount, the Participant is responsible for complying with applicable reporting requirements. The Participant should consult his her personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable reporting requirements. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . If the acquisition of shares of Common Stock under the Plan leads to a qualified participation at any point during the calendar year, the Participant will need to report the acquisition of shares of Common Stock when the Participant files his or her tax return for the relevant year. A qualified participation is attained if (i) the value of the shares of Common Stock acquired exceeds 150,000 or (ii) the shares of Common Stock exceed 10 of the Company s total shares of Common Stock. However, if the shares of Common Stock are listed on a recognized U.S. stock exchange (as is currently the case) and the Participant owns less than 1 of the Company, this requirement will not apply to the Participant. The Participant should consult with his or her personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting obligations. 
 IRELAND 
 Notifications 
 Director Notification Obligation . If the Participant is or becomes a director or secretary of a Subsidiary or Affiliate in Ireland with aggregate shareholding interests exceeding 1 of the Company s voting rights, the Participant must notify the Irish Subsidiary or Affiliate in writing if the Participant receives or disposes of an interest (e.g., the Award, shares of Common Stock) in the Company. This notification requirement also applies to a shadow director of the Irish Subsidiary or Affiliate i.e. , an individual who is not on the board of directors of the Irish Subsidiary or Affiliate but who has sufficient control so that the board of directors of the Irish Subsidiary or Affiliate acts in accordance with the directions or instructions of the individual) and with respect to the interests of a spouse or minor children (whose interests will be attributed to the director, shadow director or secretary). 
 ITALY 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Plan Document Acknowledgement. By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, the Participant acknowledges that (a) the Participant has received the Plan and the Agreement (b) the Participant has reviewed those documents in their entirety and fully understands the contents thereof and (c) the Participant accepts all provisions of the Plan and the Agreement. The Participant further acknowledges that the Participant has read and specifically and expressly approves, without limitation, the following sections of the Agreement Treatment on Termination Non-Transferability Repayment of Proceeds Clawback Policy Restrictive Covenants Tax Withholding No Right to Continued Employment Nature of Grant No Advice Regarding Grant Data Privacy as replaced by the above provision Waiver and Amendments Governing Law Venue Electronic Delivery and Acceptance Imposition of Other Requirements Language and Appendix. 
 Notifications 
 18 

Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information. If, at any time during the fiscal year, the Participant holds foreign financial assets (including cash and or shares of Common Stock) which may generate income taxable in Italy, the Participant is required to report these assets on Participant s annual tax return (UNICO Form, RW Schedule) for the year during which the assets are held, or on a special form if no tax return is due. These reporting obligations will also apply to the Participant if the Participant is the beneficial owner of foreign financial assets under Italian money laundering provisions. 
 Foreign Asset Tax Information . The value of any shares of Common Stock (and certain other foreign assets) the Participant holds outside of Italy will be subject to a foreign financial assets tax. The taxable amount is equal to the fair market value of the shares of Common Stock on December 31 or on the last day the shares of Common Stock were held (in such case, or when the shares of Common Stock are acquired during the course of the year, the tax is levied in proportion to the number of days the shares of Common Stock were held over the calendar year). No payment obligation arises, if the amount of the foreign financial assets tax calculated on all financial assets held abroad does not exceed a minimum threshold. If the Participant is subject to this foreign financial assets tax, the Participant will need to report the value of his or her financial assets held abroad in Form RM of his or her annual tax return. This foreign financial assets tax will not apply to the Restricted Stock Unit since it is non-transferable. The Participant should contact his or her personal tax advisor for additional information about the foreign financial assets tax. 
 JAPAN 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information . Japanese residents acquiring shares of Common Stock valued at more than JPY 100,000,000 in a single transaction must file a Securities Acquisition Report with the Ministry of Finance MOF through the Bank of Japan within twenty (20) days of the acquisition of the shares. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information. If the Participant holds assets e.g. , shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock and, possibly, Restricted Stock Units) outside of Japan with a value exceeding 50,000,000 as of December 31 of any calendar year, the Participant is required to report such to the Japanese tax authorities by March 15th of the following year. The Participant should consult with Participant s personal tax advisor regarding the details of this reporting obligation. 
 NETHERLANDS 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 NORWAY 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 SINGAPORE 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information. The Restricted Stock Units are granted pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA ). The Plan has not been lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. The Participant should note that the Restricted Stock Units are subject to section 257 of the SFA and the Participant will not be able to make (i) any subsequent sale of the shares of Common Stock in Singapore or (ii) any offer of such subsequent sale of the shares of Common Stock in Singapore, unless such sale or offer is made (i) after six months from the Date of Grant, or (ii) pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division 1 Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) or pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provisions of the SFA. 
 19 

Director Notification Requirement. If the Participant is a director, associate director, or shadow director 1 of a Singaporean Affiliate or Subsidiary (a Singaporean Entity ), the Participant is subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify the Singaporean Entity in writing when the Participant receives or disposes of an interest e.g. , Restricted Stock Units, shares of Common Stock) in the Company or any related company. These notifications must be made within two business days of (i) its acquisition or disposal of any interest in the Company or any related company, (ii) any change in a previously disclosed interest e.g. , when the shares of Common Stock are sold), or (iii) becoming a director, associate director or shadow director (if such an interest exists at the time). 
 Exit Tax Information. If the Participant is (i) neither a Singapore citizen nor a Singapore permanent resident, and the Participant (a) intends to leave Singapore for any period exceeding three months, (b) will be posted overseas on a secondment, or (c) is about to cease employment with the Singaporean Entity with which the Participant was employed at the time of grant, regardless of whether the Participant intends to remain in Singapore, or (ii) a Singapore permanent resident, and the Participant (a) intends to leave Singapore for any period exceeding three months, (b) will be posted overseas on a secondment or (c) is about to cease employment with the Singaporean Entity with which the Participant was employed at the time of grant and intends to leave Singapore on a permanent basis, the Participant may be subject to an exit tax upon Participant s departure from Singapore or cessation of employment, as applicable. In such case, the Participant will be taxed on the Participant s Restricted Stock Units on a deemed vesting basis, i.e., the Participant will be deemed to have vested in Participant s Restricted Stock Units on the later of (i) one month before the date Participant departs Singapore or ceases employment, or (ii) the date on which the Participant s Restricted Stock Units were granted. If the Participant is subject to the exit tax, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Service Recipient will report details of Participant s departure from Singapore or cessation of employment to the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore and will withhold any income payable to the Participant for a period of up to 30 days. The Participant is hereby advised to consult with a personal tax advisor in the event the Participant may be subject to these exit tax rules. 
 SWEDEN 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 SWITZERLAND 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the Restricted Stock Units (i) constitute a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA ), (ii) may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an employee of the Company or (iii) has been or will be filed with, or approved or supervised by, any Swiss reviewing body according to article 51 FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority, including the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority. 
 UNITED KINGDOM 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Form of Settlement. Notwithstanding any discretion contained in the Plan or anything to the contrary in the Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units are payable in shares of Common Stock only. 
 Tax Withholding. The following provisions supplement Section 11 of the Agreement 
 Without limitation to Section 11 of the Agreement, the Participant agrees that the Participant is liable for all Tax-Related Items and hereby covenants to pay all such Tax-Related Items as and when requested by the Service Recipient or the Company or by Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). The Participant also agrees to indemnify and keep 
 
 1 A shadow director is an individual who is not on the board of directors of a company but who has sufficient control so that the board of directors acts in accordance with the directions or instructions of the individual. 
 20 

indemnified the Service Recipient and the Company against any Tax-Related Items that they are required to pay or withhold or have paid or will pay to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority) on the Participant s behalf. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant is a director or executive officer of the Company (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act), the terms of the immediately foregoing provision will not apply. In the event that the Participant is a director or executive officer of the Company and the income tax is not collected from or paid by the Participant within ninety (90) days of the end of the U.K. tax year in which an event giving rise to the indemnification described above occurs, the amount of any uncollected income tax may constitute a benefit to the Participant on which additional income tax and National Insurance contributions NICs may be payable. The Participant will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for paying to the Company and or the Service Recipient (as appropriate) the amount of any employee NICs due on this additional benefit. 
 U.K. Sub-Plan . The Participant understands and agrees that the Restricted Stock Units are granted under and subject to the terms of the Sub-Plan for U.K. Employees. 
 URUGUAY 
 Data Privacy Acknowledgement . This provision supplements Section 16 of the Agreement 
 The Participant understands that Data will be collected by the Service Recipient and will be transferred to the Company at 14 Schoolhouse Road, Somerset, New Jersey 08873, USA and or any financial institutions or brokers involved in the management and administration of the Plan. The Participant further understands that any of these entities may store Data for purposes of administering the Participant's participation in the Plan. 
 
 21 

</EX-10.6 2>

<EX-10.6 3>
 4
 catalent-2023630xex1063.htm
 EX-10.6 3

Document 
 Exhibit 10.6.3 

 OPTION AGREEMENT UNDER THE CATALENT, INC. 2018 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 Pursuant to the Option Grant Notice (the Grant Notice delivered to the Participant (as defined in the Grant Notice), and subject to the terms of this Option Agreement, including, as applicable, any special terms and conditions for the Participant s country set forth in Appendix 1 attached hereto (collectively, this Agreement ), and the Plan (as defined below), Catalent, Inc. (the Company and the Participant agree as follows. 
 1. Definitions . Whenever the following terms are used in this Agreement, they shall have the meanings set forth below. Other capitalized terms are defined throughout this Agreement or in the Plan or the Grant Notice, as applicable. 
 (a) Continuous Catalent Service . The term Continuous Catalent Service means the continuous period of the Participant s Employment beginning on the later of (i) the date the Participant s employer becomes an Affiliate or a Subsidiary of the Company, or (ii) the first day of the Participant s Employment, and ending on the Termination Date. For clarity, Employment with an Affiliate or Subsidiary prior to the date such entity, together with the Company, is first treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code will be disregarded in calculating Continuous Catalent Service. 
 (b) Employment . The term Employment means the Participant s employment as an employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries. 
 (c) Period of Service . The term Period of Service means the continuous period of the Participant s Employment up to the Termination Date, and also includes any prior period of Employment separated by (i) any break in Employment as a result of a leave of absence authorized by the Company or by law and (ii) any break in Employment not authorized by the Company or by law lasting twelve (12) months or less. 
 (d) Person . The term Person means any individual, person, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, corporation, limited liability company, trust, or other business organization, entity or enterprise. 
 (e) Plan . The term Plan means the Company s 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as in effect from time to time. 
 (f) Restrictive Covenant Violation . The term Restrictive Covenant Violation means the Participant s breach of any of the Restrictive Covenants set forth in Section 9 of this Agreement or any covenant regarding confidentiality, competitive activity, solicitation of the Company s or any of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries vendors, suppliers, customers or employees or any similar provision applicable to or agreed to by the Participant, all to the extent permitted by law. 
 (g) Retirement . The term Retirement means a Termination (other than a Termination when grounds existed for a Termination for Cause at the time thereof) initiated by the Participant that occurs on or after the date on which the sum of the Participant s age and Period of Service (calculated in months) equals sixty-five (65) years, so long as the Participant is at least fifty-five (55) years old, has a period of Continuous Catalent Service of at least five (5) years as of the Termination Date, and provides at least six (6) months notice of Participant s intention to retire. 
 (h) Termination . The term Termination means a cessation of a Participant s Employment for any reason. 
 (i) Termination Date . The term Termination Date means the date upon which the Participant incurs a Termination for any reason. 
 (j) Unvested Portion . The term Unvested Portion means, at any time, the portion of the Option which is then unvested in accordance with the Grant Notice and this Agreement. 
 (k) Vested Portion The term Vested Portion means, at any time, the portion of the Option which has become and remains vested in accordance with the Grant Notice and this Agreement. 

2. Grant of Option . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Grant Notice and the Plan, for good and valuable consideration, the Company hereby grants to the Participant the right and option to purchase, all or any part of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Option provided in the Grant Notice, at an Exercise Price per share as provided in the Grant Notice. 
 3. Vesting . Subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, the Grant Notice, and the Plan, the Option shall vest as provided in the Grant Notice. 
 4. Treatment on Termination . 
 (a) Subject to clauses (b) (d) below, if the Participant incurs a Termination, the Participant shall forfeit the Unvested Portion of the Option to the Company for no consideration as of the Termination Date and the Vested Portion of the Option shall remain exercisable for the period set forth in Section 5 of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, in the event a Participant incurs a Termination of Employment and such Participant continues to provide services to the Company, or any of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries in a non-employee capacity pursuant to a written consulting or similar agreement (a Consulting Agreement with the Company or any of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries expressly providing for continued vesting through the earlier of (x) the duration of such post-employment period or (y) the vesting date , subject to the Participant s execution, delivery, and non-revocation of a waiver and release of claims in favor of the Company and its Affiliates and Subsidiaries in a form prescribed by the Company on or prior to the 60th day following the Termination Date, then the Participant, solely for purposes of this Section 4(a), shall be deemed not to have incurred a Termination (solely for vesting purposes) until the date the Participant ceases to provide services pursuant to such Consulting Agreement, such that the Participant shall not forfeit the Unvested Portion of the Option as of the Participant s Termination of Employment and the Participant shall continue to be eligible to vest in the Unvested Portion of the Option during the period in which the Participant provides services pursuant to such Consulting Agreement. 
 (b) Death . If the Participant incurs a Termination due to death, the Option shall, to the extent not then vested or previously forfeited or cancelled, become fully vested and exercisable. 
 (c) Disability Retirement . If the Participant incurs a Termination due to Disability or Retirement, the Option shall, to the extent not then vested or previously forfeited or cancelled, continue to vest as provided in the Grant Notice as if the Participant had continued Employment through each applicable anniversary of the Date of Grant, subject to the Participant s compliance with the restrictive covenants set forth in Section 9 and the Participant s execution, delivery and non-revocation of a waiver and release of claims in favor of the Company and its Affiliates and Subsidiaries in a form prescribed by the Company on or prior to the 60 th day following the Termination Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company receives an opinion of counsel that there has been a legal judgment or development in the Participant s jurisdiction that would cause the continued vesting of the Option after Termination due to Retirement to be deemed unlawful or discriminatory, the unvested portion of the Option shall be treated as set forth in the remaining provisions of this Section 4. 
 (d) Change in Control . In the event of a Change in Control, to the extent the acquiring or successor entity does assume, continue or substitute for the Option, if the Participant incurs a Termination by the Service Recipient without Cause (other than due to death or Disability Retirement) during the period commencing on the date of the consummation of a Change in Control and ending on the date that is eighteen (18) months following the consummation of such Change in Control, the Option shall, to the extent not then vested or previously forfeited or cancelled, become fully vested and exercisable. 
 5. Exercise of Options . Subject to the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement, the Participant may exercise all or any part of the Vested Portion of the Option at any time prior to the Option Period Expiration Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant incurs a Termination prior to the Option Period Expiration Date, the Vested Portion of the Option shall remain exercisable for the period set forth below. 
 (a) Death . If the Participant incurs a Termination due to death, the Participant may exercise the Vested Portion of the Option for a period ending on the earlier of (A) the first anniversary of the Termination Date and (B) the Option Period Expiration Date. 
 -2- 

(b) Disability Retirement . If the Participant incurs a Termination due to Disability or Retirement, the Participant may exercise the Vested Portion of the Option for a period ending on the earlier of (A) the first anniversary of the Termination Date and (B) the Option Period Expiration Date and for any portion of the Option that becomes vested after the Termination Date pursuant to Section 4(c) above, the earlier of (I) the first anniversary of the date on which such portion of the Option vests and (II) the Option Period Expiration Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company receives an opinion of counsel that there has been a legal judgment or development in the Participant s jurisdiction that would cause the exercise of the Option after Termination due to Retirement to be deemed unlawful or discriminatory, the Participant may exercise the Vested Portion of the Option as set forth in the remaining provisions of this Section 5. 
 (c) Termination for Cause . If the Participant incurs a Termination by the Service Recipient for Cause or a termination of the provision of services pursuant to any Consulting Agreement for Cause, the Vested Portion of the Option shall immediately terminate in full and cease to be exercisable. 
 (d) Other Terminations . If the Participant incurs a Termination for any other reason not covered by clauses (a) through (c) above, the Participant may exercise the Vested Portion of the Option for a period ending on the earlier of (A) the later of (x) the 90 th day following the Termination Date and (y) the 90 th day following the cessation of the provision of services by the Participant pursuant to any Consulting Agreement and (B) the Option Period Expiration Date. 
 6. Method of Exercising Option . All or any portion of the Vested Portion of the Option may be exercised by the delivery of notice of the number of shares subject to the Option that are being exercised accompanied by payment in full of the Exercise Price applicable to the portion of the Option so exercised. Such notice shall be delivered either (x) in writing to the Company at its principal office or at such other address as may be established by the Committee, to the attention of the Company s General Counsel or (y) to a third-party plan administrator as may be arranged for by the Company or the Committee from time to time for purposes of the administration of outstanding Options under the Plan, in the case of either (x) or (y), as communicated to the Participant by the Company from time to time. Payment of the aggregate Exercise Price may be made using any of the methods described in Section 7(d)(i) or (ii) of the Plan provided, that the Participant shall obtain written consent from the Committee prior to the use of the method described in Section 7(d)(ii)(A) of the Plan. 
 7. Issuance of Shares . If the Participant elects to exercise all or any portion of the Option, then, as promptly as practical after receipt of such notification and full payment of the Exercise Price and any required withholding or any other applicable taxes, the Company shall issue or transfer to the Participant the number of shares with respect to which the Option has been so exercised, and shall either (a) deliver to the Participant a certificate or certificates therefor, registered in the Participant s name or (b) credit such shares to the Participant s account at the third-party plan administrator. 
 8. Repayment of Proceeds Clawback Policy . If a Restrictive Covenant Violation occurs or the Company discovers after a Termination or termination of any Consulting Agreement that grounds existed for Cause at the time thereof, then the Participant shall be required, in addition to any other remedy available (on a non-exclusive basis), to pay to the Company, within ten (10) business days of the Company s request to the Participant therefor, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) the aggregate after-tax proceeds (taking into account all amounts of tax that would be recoverable upon a claim of loss for payment of such proceeds in the year of repayment) the Participant received upon the sale or other disposition of, or distributions in respect of, all or any portion of the Option and any shares of Common Stock acquired in respect thereof over (b) the aggregate Cost (if any) of such shares. For purposes of this Agreement, Cost means, in respect of any share, the amount paid by the Participant for the share (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any withholding or other applicable taxes), as proportionately adjusted for corporate transactions and other recapitalizations and less the amount of any dividends or distributions made with respect to the share provided that Cost may not be less than zero. Any reference in this Agreement to grounds existing for a Termination for Cause shall be determined without regard to any notice period, cure period, or other procedural delay or event required prior to finding of or termination with, Cause. The Option and all proceeds thereof shall be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture and or recoupment to the extent necessary to comply with applicable laws, stock exchange listing requirements and or any clawback or recoupment policy of the Company and the Company s 
 -3- 

Corporate Governance Guidelines or other similar requirements, whenever adopted and as in effect from time to time. 
 9. Restrictive Covenants . 
 (a) To the extent that the Participant is a party to an employment or similar agreement with the Company or one of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries containing non-competition, non-solicitation, non-interference, or confidentiality restrictions (or two or more such restrictions), those restrictions and related enforcement provisions under such agreement shall govern and the corresponding provisions of this Section 9 shall not apply, with no change to Participant s obligations under the remaining provisions of this Section 9. 
 (b) Competitive Activity . 
 (i) The Participant shall be deemed to have engaged in Competitive Activity if, during the period commencing on the Date of Grant and ending on the date that is the later of (x) 12 months after the Termination Date and (y) the vesting date, as indicated on the Grant Notice (the Restricted Activity Period ), the Participant, whether on the Participant s own behalf or on behalf of or in conjunction with any other Person, directly or indirectly, violates any of the following prohibitions 
 (I) During the Restricted Activity Period, the Participant will not, whether on the Participant s own behalf or on behalf of or in conjunction with any Person, directly or indirectly, solicit or assist in soliciting in competition with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, the business of any client or prospective client 
 (1) with whom the Participant had personal contact or dealings on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates during the one-year period preceding the later of the Termination Date and the end of the provision of services pursuant to any Consulting Agreement 
 (2) with whom employees reporting to the Participant have had personal contact or dealings on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates during the one-year period preceding the later of the Termination Date and the end of the provision of services pursuant to any Consulting Agreement or 
 (3) for whom the Participant had direct or indirect responsibility during the one-year period preceding the later of the Termination Date and the end of the provision of services pursuant to any Consulting Agreement. 
 (II) During the Restricted Activity Period, the Participant will not directly or indirectly 
 (1) engage in any business that competes with the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, including, but not limited to, providing formulation dose form technologies and or contract services to pharmaceutical, biotechnology, over-the-counter and vitamins minerals supplements companies related to pre-clinical and clinical development, formulation, analysis, manufacturing and or packaging and any other technology, product or service of the type developed, manufactured or sold by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates (including, without limitation, any other business that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates have plans to engage in as of the Termination Date) in any geographical area where the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates conducts business (a Competitive Business 
 (2) enter the employ of, or render any services to, any Person (or any division or controlled or controlling Affiliate of any Person) who or which engages in a Competitive Business 
 -4- 

(3) acquire a financial interest in, or otherwise become actively involved with, any Competitive Business, directly or indirectly, as an individual, partner, shareholder, officer, director, principal, agent, trustee, or consultant or 
 (4) interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, any business relationship (whether formed before, on or after the Date of Grant) between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates and any customer, client, supplier, or investor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Participant may, directly or indirectly own, solely as an investment, securities of any Person engaged in any Competitive Business that are publicly traded on a national or regional stock exchange or on the over-the-counter market if the Participant (i) is not a controlling person of, or a member of a group that controls, such Person and (ii) does not, directly or indirectly, own 5 or more of any class of securities of such Person. Any such qualifying ownership shall not be deemed to be engaging in Competitive Activity or a Restrictive Covenant Violation for purposes of this Agreement. 
 (III) During the Restricted Activity Period, the Participant will not, whether on the Participant s own behalf or on behalf of or in conjunction with any Person, directly or indirectly 
 (1) solicit or encourage any employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates to leave such Employment or 
 (2) hire any such employee who was employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates as of the Termination Date or who left such employment coincident with, or within six (6) months prior to or after, the Termination Date provided, however, that this restriction shall cease to apply to any employee who has not been employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates for at least six (6) months. 
 (IV) During the Restricted Activity Period, the Participant will not, directly or indirectly, solicit or encourage to cease to work with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates any consultant then under contract with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates. 
 (i) It is expressly understood and agreed that although the Participant and the Company consider the restrictions contained in this Section 9(b) to be reasonable, if a final judicial determination is made by a court of competent jurisdiction that the time or territory or any other restriction contained in this Agreement is an unenforceable restriction against the Participant, the provisions of this Agreement shall not be rendered void but shall be deemed amended to apply as to such maximum time and territory and to such maximum extent as such court may judicially determine or indicate to be enforceable. Alternatively, if any court of competent jurisdiction finds that any restriction contained in this Agreement is unenforceable, and such restriction cannot be amended so as to make it enforceable, such finding shall not affect the enforceability of any of the other restrictions contained in this Section 9(b). 
 (ii) To the extent a Participant (i) lives in a jurisdiction where restrictive covenants are void as against public policy or (ii) has a business title below the level of director and receives base compensation of less than 100,000 (or its local currency equivalent) per year, this Section 9(b) of this Agreement shall be considered deleted from and therefore not part of this Agreement. 
 (c) Confidentiality . 
 (i) The Participant will not at any time (whether during or after the Participant s Employment) (x) retain or use for the benefit, purposes or account of the Participant or any other Person or (y) disclose, divulge, reveal, communicate, share, transfer or provide access to any Person outside the Company and its Affiliates and Subsidiaries (other than its professional 
 -5- 

advisors who are bound by confidentiality obligations), any non-public, proprietary or confidential information (including, without limitation, trade secrets, know-how, research and development, software, databases, inventions, processes, formulae, technology, designs and other intellectual property, information concerning finances, investments, profits, pricing, costs, products, services, vendors, customers, clients, partners, investors, personnel, compensation, recruiting, training, advertising, sales, marketing, promotions, and government and regulatory activities and approvals) concerning the past, current, or future business, activities, and operations of the Company, its Affiliates or Subsidiaries, and or any third party that has disclosed or provided any of same to the Company on a confidential basis Confidential Information without the prior written authorization of the Board. 
 (ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 9(c)(i), Confidential Information shall not include any information that (w) is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of a breach of this Section 9(c) (x) is already known by the recipient of the disclosed information at the time of disclosure as evidenced by the recipient s written records, (y) becomes available to the recipient of the disclosed information on a non-confidential basis from a source that is entitled to disclose it on a non-confidential basis, or (z) was or is independently developed by or for the recipient of the information without reference to Confidential Information, as evidenced by the recipient s written records. 
 (iii) Except as required by law, the Participant will not disclose to anyone, other than the Participant s immediate family and legal or financial or tax advisors or lender, each of whom the Participant agrees to instruct not to disclose, the existence or contents of this Agreement (unless this Agreement shall be publicly available as a result of a regulatory filing made by the Company or one of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries) provided , that the Participant may disclose to any prospective future employer the provisions of Section 9 of this Agreement provided such prospective future employer agrees to maintain the confidentiality of such terms. 
 (iv) Upon Termination, the Participant shall (x) cease and not thereafter commence use of any Confidential Information or intellectual property (including, without limitation, any patent, invention, copyright, trade secret, trademark, trade name, logo, domain name or other source indicator) owned or used by the Company, its Affiliates or Subsidiaries, (y) immediately destroy, delete, or return to the Company, at the Company s option, all originals and copies in any form or medium (including memoranda, books, papers, plans, computer files, letters and other data) in the Participant s possession or control (including any of the foregoing stored or located in the Participant s office, home, laptop or other computer, whether or not Company property) that contain Confidential Information or otherwise relate to the business of the Company or one of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries, except that the Participant may retain only those portions of any personal notes, notebooks and diaries that do not contain any Confidential Information, and (z) notify and fully cooperate with the Company regarding the delivery or destruction of any other Confidential Information of which the Participant is or becomes aware. 
 (v) Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1833(b), the parties to this Agreement have the right to disclose in confidence trade secrets to federal, state, and local government officials, or to an attorney, for the sole purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. The parties to this Agreement also have the right to disclose trade secrets in a document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, but only if the filing is made under seal and protected from public disclosure. 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) states An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (A) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets where such disclosure is expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. 1833(b). 
 (d) Equitable Relief. Notwithstanding the remedies set forth in Section 8 above and notwithstanding any other remedy that would otherwise be available to the Company at law or in equity, the Company and the Participant agree and acknowledge that if an actual or threatened Restrictive Covenant Violation occurs, the Company will be entitled to an injunction and or other equitable relief 
 -6- 

restraining the Participant from the Restrictive Covenant Violation without the necessity of posting a bond or proving actual damages. 
 10. Non-Transferability . The Option is not transferable by the Participant except to Permitted Transferees in accordance with Section 14(b) of the Plan. Whenever the word Participant is used in any provision of this Agreement under circumstances where the provision should logically be construed to apply to executors, administrators, or the Person or Persons to whom the Option may be transferred by will or by the laws of descent and distribution in accordance with Section 14(b) of the Plan, the word Participant shall be deemed to include such executors, administrators, or Person or Persons. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or the Plan, no assignment or transfer of the Option, or of the rights represented thereby, whether voluntary or involuntary, by operation of law or otherwise, shall vest in the assignee or transferee any interest or right in this Agreement or the Plan whatsoever, but immediately upon such assignment or transfer the Option shall be forfeited and become of no further effect. 
 11. Rights as Stockholder . The Participant or a Permitted Transferee of the Option shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any shares of Common Stock covered by the Option until the Participant becomes the holder of record or the beneficial owner of such Common Stock, and no adjustment shall be made for dividends or distributions or other rights in respect of such shares of Common Stock for which the record date is prior to the date upon which the Participant becomes the holder of record or the beneficial owner thereof. 
 12. Tax Withholding . 
 (a) Responsibility for Taxes . The Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, the Service Recipient, the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to the Participant s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to the Participant Tax-Related Items is and remains the Participant s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Service Recipient. The Participant further acknowledges that neither the Company nor the Service Recipient (1) makes any representation or undertaking regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Option, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting, exercise, or settlement of the Option, the subsequent sale of shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividend or any dividend equivalent and (2) commits to or is under any obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Option to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if the Participant is subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, the Participant acknowledges that the Company or the Service Recipient (or former Service Recipient, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 (b) Satisfaction of Withholding Obligations . Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the Participant shall make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company or the Service Recipient, as appropriate, to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, the Participant authorizes the Company and the Service Recipient, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy their withholding obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by any of the means described in the Plan or by such other means or method as the Committee in its sole discretion and without notice to the Participant deems appropriate provided, however , that, if the Participant is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, then the Participant may elect, in advance of any tax withholding event, to satisfy the amount of all required Tax-Related Items in respect of the Option in cash, and, in the absence of Participant s timely election, the Company will withhold shares of Common Stock to satisfy any withholding obligations upon the relevant tax withholding event. 
 Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates. If the maximum or another rate that is higher than the Participant s actual rate is used, the Company or the Service Recipient may refund any over-withheld amount to the Participant in cash (with no entitlement to the Common Stock equivalent), or, if not refunded, the Participant may seek a refund from the local tax authorities. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding shares of Common Stock, the Participant shall be deemed for tax purposes to have been issued the full number of shares of Common Stock subject to the exercised 
 -7- 

Option, notwithstanding that a portion of the shares of Common Stock is held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. 
 Finally, the Participant shall pay to the Company or the Service Recipient any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Service Recipient may be required to withhold or account for as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the shares of Common Stock or the proceeds of the sale of shares of Common Stock, if the Participant fails to comply with the Participant s obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 13. Notice . Every notice or other communication relating to this Agreement between the Company and the Participant shall be in writing, and shall be mailed to or delivered to the party for whom it is intended at such address as may from time to time be designated by it in a notice mailed or delivered to the other party as provided in this Agreement provided that, unless and until some other address be so designated, all notices or communications by the Participant to the Company shall be mailed or delivered to the Company at its principal executive office, to the attention of the Company s General Counsel, and all notices or communications by the Company to the Participant may be given to the Participant personally or may be mailed to the Participant at the Participant s last known address, as reflected in the Company s records. Notwithstanding the above, all notices and communications between the Participant and any third-party plan administrator shall be mailed, delivered, transmitted or sent in accordance with the procedures established by such third-party plan administrator and communicated to the Participant from time to time. 
 14. No Right to Continued Employment . Neither the Plan nor this Agreement nor the granting of the Option that are the subject of this Agreement shall be construed as giving the Participant the right to be retained in the employ of, or in any consulting relationship to, the Company or any of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries. Further, the Company, or, if different, the Service Recipient, may at any time dismiss the Participant or discontinue any consulting relationship, free from any liability or any claim under the Plan or this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement. 
 15. Nature of Grant . In accepting the grant of the Option, the Participant acknowledges, understands, and agrees that 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended, or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 (b) the grant of the Option is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Options, or benefits in lieu of Options, even if Options have been granted in the past 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future Options or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 (d) neither the Option grant nor the Participant s participation in the Plan shall create any right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment or service contract with the Company, the Service Recipient or any Affiliate or Subsidiary of the Company or interfere with the ability of the Company, the Service Recipient or any Affiliate or Subsidiary of the Company, as applicable, to terminate the Participant s employment or service contract (if any), to the extent otherwise permitted by law or any applicable agreement other than this Agreement 
 (e) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, none of the Option, the shares of Common Stock subject to the Option, and the income and value of same is granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service the Participant may provide as a director of the Company, the Service Recipient, or any Affiliate or Subsidiary of the Company 
 (f) the Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 (g) none of the Option, the shares of Common Stock subject to the Option, and the income and value of same is intended to replace any pension right or other form of compensation 
 -8- 

(h) none of the Option, the shares of Common Stock subject to the Option, and the income and value of same is part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose, including, without limitation, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, or end-of-service payments, any bonus, holiday pay, long-service award, pension, or retirement or welfare benefit, or any similar payment 
 (i) the future value of the underlying shares of Common Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 (j) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from any forfeiture of the Option resulting from a Termination or end of provision of services pursuant to any Consulting Agreement (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of any employment-related law in any jurisdiction applicable to the Participant s employment or the terms of the Participant s employment agreement, if any) 
 (k) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, neither the Option nor any benefit evidenced by this Agreement creates any entitlement either (i) to have the Option or any such benefit transferred to or assumed by another company or (ii) to be exchanged, cashed out, or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Common Stock and 
 (l) the Participant acknowledges and agrees that none of the Company, the Service Recipient, and any Affiliate or Subsidiary of the Company shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between the Participant s local currency, if any, and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Option or of any amount due to the Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Option or the subsequent sale of any share of Common Stock acquired upon settlement. 
 16. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendation regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan, or the Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying shares of Common Stock. The Participant is hereby advised to consult with the Participant s own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 17. Data Privacy . The Participant hereby explicitly and without reservation consents to the collection, use, and transfer, in electronic or other form, of the Participant s personal data as described in this Agreement and any other Option grant material by and among, as applicable, the Service Recipient, the Company and its other Affiliates or Subsidiaries for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. 
 The Participant understands that the Service Recipient, the Company, and its other Affiliates or Subsidiaries may hold certain personal information about the Participant, including, but not limited to, the Participant s name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social insurance number, passport or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Common Stock or directorships held in the Company, or details of all Options or any other entitlement to shares of Common Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested, or outstanding in the Participant s favor Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering, and managing the Plan. 
 The Participant understands that Data will be transferred to any third-party administrator or stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration, and management of the Plan. The Participant understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than the Participant s country. The Participant understands that the Participant may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipient of the Data by contacting the Participant s local human resources representative. The Participant authorizes the Company and any other possible recipient that may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering, and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain, and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering, and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer, and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that the 
 -9- 

Participant may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendment to Data, or refuse or withdraw the consents in this Section 17, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing the Participant s local human resources representative. Further, the Participant understands that the Participant is providing on a purely voluntary basis the consents described in this Agreement. If the Participant does not consent, or if the Participant later seeks to revoke the Participant s consent, the Participant s Employment or service with the Service Recipient will not be adversely affected the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing the Participant s consent is that the Company may be unable to grant Options or other awards to the Participant or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, the Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing the Participant s consent may affect the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of the Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, the Participant understands that the Participant may contact the Participant s local human resources representative. 
 The Participant understands that the Company may rely on a different legal basis for the collection, processing, and or transfer of Data either now or in the future and or request the Participant to provide another data privacy consent. If applicable and upon request of the Company or the Service Recipient, the Participant agrees to provide an executed acknowledgment or data privacy consent (or any other acknowledgments, agreements, or consents) to the Company and or the Service Recipient that the Company and or the Service Recipient may deem necessary to obtain under the data privacy laws in the Participant s country, either now or in the future. The Participant understands that the Participant may be unable to participate in the Plan if the Participant fails to execute any such acknowledgment, agreement or consent requested by the Company and or the Service Recipient. 
 18. Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon the heirs, executors, administrators, successors and, to the extent permitted, assigns or other Permitted Transferees of the parties to this Agreement. 
 19. Waiver and Amendments . Subject to Section 13(b) of the Plan, the Committee may waive any condition or right under, amend any term of, or alter, suspend, discontinue, cancel, or terminate, this Agreement, prospectively or retroactively (including after the Participant s Termination) provided , that any such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancellation, or termination that would materially and adversely affect the rights of the Participant under this Agreement shall not to that extent be effective without the consent of the Participant. No waiver by either of the parties hereto of their rights under this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute a waiver with respect to any subsequent occurrence or transaction under this Agreement unless such waiver specifically states that it is to be construed as a continuing waiver. 
 20. Governing Law Venue . This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its principles of conflicts of law. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this grant or this Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in the State of New Jersey, and hereby waive any objection to proceeding in such jurisdiction, including any objection regarding an inconvenient forum. 
 21. Plan . The terms and conditions of the Plan are incorporated in this Agreement by reference. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Plan shall govern and control. 
 22. Language . The Participant acknowledges that the Participant is sufficiently proficient in English to understand the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If the Participant has received this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 23. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any document related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in 
 -10- 

the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 24. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose any other requirements on the Participant s participation in the Plan, on the Options, and on any share of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require the Participant to sign any additional agreement or undertaking that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 25. Appendix . Notwithstanding any term or condition in this Agreement, the Performance Share Unit grant shall be subject to any special term or condition set forth in Appendix 1 to this Agreement for the Participant s country. Moreover, if the Participant relocates to one of the countries included in Appendix 1, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. Appendix 1 constitutes part of this Agreement. 
 26. Foreign Asset Account, Exchange Control and Tax Reporting . The Participant s country may have certain foreign asset account, exchange control, and or tax reporting requirements, which may affect the Participant s ability to acquire or hold shares of Common Stock under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including any dividend received or sale proceeds arising from the sale of shares of Common Stock) in a brokerage or bank account outside the Participant s country. The Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets, or transactions to the tax or other authorities in Participant s country. The Participant may also be required to repatriate the sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan to Participant s country through a designated bank or broker and or within a certain time after receipt. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant s responsibility to be compliant with such regulations and the Participant should consult Participant s personal legal advisor for further details. 
 27. Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . The Participant acknowledges that the Participant may be subject to the insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws of one or more countries that may affect the Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell, or otherwise dispose of shares of Common Stock, rights to shares of Common Stock e.g. , Options) or rights linked to the value of shares of Common Stock under the Plan during such times as the Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in applicable jurisdictions). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders the Participant placed before the Participant possessed inside information. Further, the Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party, which may include fellow employees and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restriction that may be imposed under any applicable Company securities trading policy. The Participant acknowledges that Participant is responsible for complying with any applicable restrictions and is encouraged to speak to Participant s personal legal advisor for further details regarding any insider trading and or market abuse laws applicable to the Participant. 
 28. Entire Agreement Miscellaneous . This Agreement, the Grant Notice, and the Plan constitute the entire understanding between the Participant and the Company regarding the Option. This Agreement, the Grant Notice, and the Plan supersede any prior agreements, commitments, or negotiations concerning the Option. The headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect its interpretation. 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank 
 -11- 

APPENDIX 1 
 
 GLOBAL OPTION AGREEMENT UNDER THE CATALENT, INC. 2018 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 COUNTRY-SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NON-U.S. PARTICIPANTS 
 All capitalized terms used in this Appendix 1 that are not defined in this Appendix 1 have the meanings defined in the Plan, the Agreement, or the Grant Notice. 
 Terms and Conditions 
 This Appendix 1 includes additional or different terms and conditions that govern the Option if the Participant works or resides in one of the countries listed below. The Participant understands that if the Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which the Participant is currently residing and or working, transfers Employment and or residency after the Date of Grant, or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the Company shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained in this Appendix 1 shall apply to the Participant. 
 Notifications 
 This Appendix 1 also includes information regarding exchange controls and certain other issues of which the Participant should be aware with respect to participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of July 2023. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Participant should not rely on the information in this Appendix 1 as the only source of information relating to the consequences of participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time the Participant exercises the Option or sells the shares of Common Stock. 
 In addition, the information contained in this Appendix 1 is general in nature and may not apply to the Participant s particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure the Participant of a particular result. Accordingly, the Participant should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in the Participant s country may apply to the Participant s situation. 
 Finally, if the Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which the Participant is currently residing and or working, transfers Employment and or residency after the Date of Grant, or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information contained in this Appendix 1 may not apply to the Participant. 

EUROPEAN UNION EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA SWITZERLAND UNITED KINGDOM 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Data Privacy . If the Participant is employed in the European Union EU ), the European Economic Area, Switzerland or the United Kingdom (collectively, EEA+ ), the following provision replaces Section 16 of the Agreement 
 The Company is located at 14 Schoolhouse Road, Somerset, New Jersey 08873, USA and grants employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries or Affiliates the opportunity to participate in the Plan, at the Company s sole discretion. If the Participant would like to participate in the Plan, the Participant understands that the Participant should review the following information about the Company s data processing practices. The Company s representative in the EU is 
 
 Catalent Pharma Solutions GmbH 
 Riedstrasse 1 
 Cham, Switzerland CH-6330 
 +41 41 747 4250 
 Privacy Catalent.com 
 (1) Data Collection and Usage . Pursuant to applicable data protection laws, the Participant is hereby notified that the Company collects, processes, uses, and transfers certain personally identifiable information about the Participant for the exclusive legitimate purpose of implementing, administering, and managing the Plan and generally administering employee equity awards, specifically, the Participant s name, home address and telephone number, e-mail address, date of birth, social insurance number, passport or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any equity or directorships held in the Company and any Affiliate or Subsidiary, and details of all Options or any other entitlement to shares of stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested, or outstanding in the Participant s favor, which the Company receives from the Participant or the Service Recipient Personal Data ). In order to facilitate Participant s participation in the Plan, the Company will collect, process, use, and transfer the Participant s Personal Data for purposes of allocating shares of Common Stock and implementing, administering, and managing the Plan. The Company s collection, processing, use, and transfer of the Participant s Personal Data is necessary for the performance of the Plan and pursuant to the Company s legitimate business interests of managing the Plan and generally administering employee equity awards. The Participant s refusal to provide Personal Data would make it impossible for the Company to perform its contractual obligations and may affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. As such, by participating in the Plan, Participant voluntarily acknowledges the collection, use, processing, and transfer of Participant s Personal Data as described herein. 
 (2) Stock Plan Administration Service Providers . The Company transfers participant data to Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, an independent service provider based in the United States, which assists the Company with the implementation, administration, and management of the Plan. In the future, the Company may select a different service provider and share the Participant s data with another company that serves in a similar manner. The Company s service provider will open an account for the Participant to receive and trade shares of Common Stock. The Participant s Personal Data will only be accessible by those individuals requiring access to it for purposes of implementing, administering, and operating the Plan. 
 (3) International Data Transfers . The Company and its service providers operate, relevant to the Company, in the United States, which means that it will be necessary for Personal Data to be transferred to, and processed in, the United States. By participating in the Plan, the Participant understands that the service providers will receive, possess, use, retain, and transfer the Participant s Personal Data for the purposes of implementing, administering, and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. When transferring the Participant s Personal Data to these service providers, the Company provides appropriate safeguards in accordance with the EU Standard Contractual Clauses. The Participant may request a copy of the safeguards used to protect the Participant s Personal Data by contacting Privacy Catalent.com. 
 (4) Data Subject Rights . To the extent provided by law, the Participant has the right to request access to Personal Data, rectification of Personal Data, erasure of Personal Data, 
 -13- 

restriction of processing of Personal Data, and portability of Personal Data. The Participant may also have the right to object, on grounds related to a particular situation, to the processing of Personal Data, as well as opt-out of the Plan herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing Privacy Catalent.com. The Participant s provision of Personal Data is a contractual requirement. The Participant understands, however, that the only consequence of refusing to provide Personal Data is that the Company may not be able to allow the Participant to participate in the Plan or grant other equity awards to the Participant or administer or maintain such awards. For more information on the consequences of the refusal to provide Personal Data, the Participant may contact Privacy Catalent.com. The Participant may also have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection supervisory authority. 
 (5) Data Retention . The Company will use the Participant s Personal Data only as long as is necessary to implement, administer, and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan or as required to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including under tax and security laws. When the Company no longer needs the Participant s Personal Data, which will generally be seven (7) years after the Participant participates in the Plan, the Company will remove it from it from its systems. If the Company keeps data longer, it would be to satisfy legal or regulatory obligations and the Company s legal basis would be relevant laws or regulations. 
 ARGENTINA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Acknowledgment of Nature of Plan and Option . The following provision supplements the Nature of Grant paragraph of the Agreement 
 In accepting the grant of the Option, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that the grant of the Option is made by the Company (not the Service Recipient) in its sole discretion and that the value of any Option or shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan shall not constitute salary or wages for any purpose under Argentine labor law, including the calculation of (i) any labor benefits including, but not limited to, vacation pay, thirteenth salary, compensation in lieu of notice, annual bonus, disability, and leave of absence payments, or (ii) any termination or severance indemnities. 
 If, notwithstanding the foregoing, any benefits under the Plan are considered for purposes of calculating any termination or severance indemnities, Participant acknowledges and agrees that such benefits shall not accrue more frequently than on an annual basis. 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information. Neither the Option nor the underlying shares of Common Stock are publicly offered or listed on any stock exchange in Argentina. 
 Personal Assets Tax Information . The Participant may be subject to a personal assets tax depending on the value of the Participant s computable assets per year (including any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan). The rules for determining the Participant s personal assets tax liability, if any, are complex, and the Participant is advised to speak with the Participant s personal tax advisor to determine the Participant s obligations with respect to the personal assets tax. 
 Bank Tax Information . The Tax on Checking Accounts Bank Tax is imposed on funds transferred to or from bank accounts in Argentina. It is possible that the Bank Tax may apply to payments made to the Participant s bank account in relation to the sale of any shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise of the Option and or the receipt of any cash dividends paid with respect to shares of Common Stock, although there are some limited exemptions from the Bank Tax. The Participant should speak with the Participant s personal tax advisor to determine the Participant s obligations with respect to the Bank Tax and whether the Participant may be eligible for an exemption from the Bank Tax. 
 Exchange Control Information . Certain restrictions and requirements may apply if and when the Participant transfers proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock or any cash dividends paid with respect to such shares of Common Stock into Argentina. 
 Please note that exchange control regulations in Argentina are subject to change. The Participant should speak with the Participant s personal legal advisor regarding any exchange control obligations that the 
 -14- 

Participant may have prior to vesting in the Option or remitting funds into Argentina, as the Participant is responsible for complying with applicable exchange control laws. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information. The Participant must report any share of Common Stock acquired under the Plan and held by the Participant on December 31st of each year on the Participant s annual tax return for that year. The Participant is strongly advised to consult the Participant s personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with this tax reporting obligation. 
 
 AUSTRIA 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information . If the Participant holds securities (including shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan) or cash (including proceeds from the sale of shares) outside of Austria, the Participant may be subject to reporting obligations to the Austrian National Bank. If the value of the shares of Common Stock meets or exceeds a certain threshold, the Participant must report the securities held on a quarterly basis to the Austrian National Bank as of the last day of the quarter, on or before the 15th day of the month following the end of the calendar quarter. In all other cases, an annual reporting obligation applies and the report has to be filed as of December 31 on or before January 31 of the following year using the form P2. Where the cash amounts held outside of Austria meets or exceeds a certain threshold, monthly reporting obligations apply as explained in the next paragraph. 
 
 If the Participant sells shares of Common Stock, or receives other cash payments in connection with the Plan, the Participant may have exchange control obligations if the Participant holds the cash amounts outside of Austria. If the transaction volume of all of the Participant's accounts abroad meets or exceeds a certain threshold, the Participant must report to the Austrian National Bank the movements and balances of all accounts on a monthly basis, as of the last day of the month, on or before the 15th day of the following month, on the prescribed form Meldungen SI-Forderungen und oder SI-Verpflichtungen ). 
 BELGIUM 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Acceptance of Option. This Option must be accepted more than 60 days after the offer. 
 Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information. The Participant is required to report any security or bank account (including a brokerage account) opened and maintained outside Belgium on the Participant s annual tax return. In a separate report, the Participant must provide the National Bank of Belgium with certain details regarding such foreign accounts (including the account number, bank name and country in which such account was opened). This report, as well as additional information on how to complete it, can be found on the website of the National Bank of Belgium at www.nbb.be, under the Kredietcentrales Centrales des cr dits caption. 
 Stock Exchange Tax Information . A stock exchange tax applies to transactions executed by a Belgium resident through a non-Belgian financial intermediary. The stock exchange tax likely will apply when shares of Common Stock are sold. The Participant is responsible for paying and reporting the stock exchange tax due on the sales transaction and should consult with the Participant s tax advisor for details on the applicability of this tax. 
 Annual Securities Account Tax Information. A new annual securities accounts tax has been implemented, which imposes a 0.15 annual tax on the value of qualifying securities held in a Belgian or foreign securities account. The tax will not apply unless the total value of securities the Participant holds in such an account exceeds an average of 1 million on four reference dates within the relevant reporting period (i.e., December 31, March 31, June 30 and September 30). Different payment obligations may apply, depending on whether the securities account is held with a Belgian or foreign financial institution. The Participant should consult his her personal tax advisor for more information regarding the Participant's annual securities accounts tax payment obligations. 
 -15- 

BRAZIL 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Nature of Grant. The following provisions supplement Section 15 of the Agreement 
 In accepting the Option, the Participant agrees that (i) the Participant is making an investment decision, (i) the shares of Common Stock will be issued to the Participant only if the vesting conditions are met, and any necessary service is rendered by the Participant over the Restricted Period, and (iii) the value of the underlying shares of Common Stock is not fixed and may increase or decrease in value over the Restricted Period without compensation to the Participant. 
 The Participant agrees, for all legal purposes, (a) the benefits provided under the Agreement and the Plan are the result of commercial transactions unrelated to the Participant s service relationship with the Service Recipient (b) the Agreement and the Plan are not a part of the terms and conditions of the Participant s service relationship with the Service Recipient and (c) the income from the Option, if any, is not part of the Participant s remuneration from service for the Service Recipient. 
 Compliance with Law. By accepting the Option, the Participant acknowledges the Participant s agreement to comply with applicable Brazilian laws and to pay any and all applicable Tax-Related Items associated with the Option, the receipt of any dividend, and the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan. 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Notification. Brazilian residents and persons domiciled in Brazil are required to submit an annual declaration of assets and rights held outside of Brazil to the Central Bank of Brazil if the aggregate value of such assets and rights is equal to or greater than US 1,000,000. Quarterly reporting is required if such value exceeds US 100,000,000. The assets and rights that must be reported include shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan and may include the Option. The thresholds are subject to change annually. 
 Tax on Financial Transactions (IOF). Repatriation of funds into Brazil and the conversion between Brazilian Real and United States Dollars associated with such fund transfers may be subject to the Tax on Financial Transactions. It is the Participant's responsibility to comply with any applicable Tax on Financial Transactions arising from the Participant's participation in the Plan. The Participant should consult with his her personal tax advisor for additional details. 
 CANADA 
 Terms and Conditions . The following terms and conditions apply if the Participant resides in Quebec 
 Data Privacy. The following provision supplements Section 16 of the Agreement 
 The Participant hereby authorizes the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan. The Participant further authorizes the Company and its Affiliates and Subsidiaries, and any designated broker that may be selected by the Company, to assist with the Plan to disclose and discuss the Plan with their respective advisors. The Participant further authorizes the Company and its Subsidiaries to record such information and to keep such information in Participant s employee file. The Participant also acknowledges and agrees that the Participant s personal information, including any sensitive personal information, may be transferred or disclosed outside the province of Quebec, including to the U.S. If applicable, the Participant also acknowledges and authorizes the Company, its Subsidiaries and Affiliates, and any stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company to assist with the Plan to use technology for profiling purposes and to make automated decisions that may have an impact on the Participant or the administration of the Plan. 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . The Participant is permitted to sell shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan through the Company s designated broker, provided the resale of such shares of Common Stock takes place outside of Canada through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the shares of 
 -16- 

Common Stock are listed. The shares of Common Stock are currently listed on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . Foreign property, including Options, shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, and other rights to receive shares of Common Stock of a non-Canadian company held by a Canadian resident must generally be reported annually on a Form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) if the total cost of the foreign property exceeds C 100,000 at any time during the year. Thus, unexercised Options must be reported generally at a nil cost if the C 100,000 cost threshold is exceeded because the Participant holds other foreign property. When shares of Common Stock are acquired, their cost generally is the adjusted cost base ACB of the shares of Common Stock. The ACB would ordinarily equal the fair market value of the shares of Common Stock at the time of acquisition, but if the Participant owns other shares of Common Stock of the same company, this ACB may need to be averaged with the ACB of the other shares of Common Stock. The Participant should consult Participant s personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting obligations. 
 FRANCE 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Type of Option. The Option is not granted as a French-qualified stock option and is not intended to qualify for the special tax and social security treatment applicable to stock options granted under Section L. 225-177 to L. 225-186-1 of the French Commercial Code, as amended. 
 Consent to Receive Information in English. By accepting the Option, the Participant confirms having read and understood the documents related to the Option (the Plan and the Agreement) which were provided in the English language. The Participant accepts the terms of these documents accordingly. 
 Consentement Relatif l'Utilisation de la Langue Anglaise. En acceptant l Option, le Participant confirme avoir lu et compris les documents relatifs cette Option (le Plan et le Contrat d'Attribution) qui ont t remis en langue anglaise. Le Participant accepte les termes de ces documents en cons quence. 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information. The Participant must declare to the customs and excise authorities any cash or securities the Participant imports or exports without the use of a financial institution when the value of the cash or securities is equal to or exceeds 10,000 for 2020. The declaration must be filed with the local customs service of the frontier where the cash or securities are imported or exported. The filing must be executed by the person who completes the transaction. It is the Participant s obligation to comply with the exchange controls applicable to the Participant, not the Company s or the Service Recipient s. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information. The Participant is required to report all foreign accounts (whether open, current or closed) to the French tax authorities when filing the Participant s annual tax return. Additional monthly reporting obligations may apply if the Participant's foreign account balances exceed a certain threshold. Failure to complete these reports trigger penalties for the French resident Participant. The Participant should consult the Participant s personal legal advisor regarding the details of this reporting obligation. 
 GERMANY 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information. Cross-border payments in excess of 12,500 must be reported electronically to the German Federal Bank (Bundesbank) . In the case of payments made or received in connection with securities (including proceeds realized upon the sale of shares of Common Stock or the receipt of dividends), the report must be made by the 5th day of the month following the month in which the payment was made or received. The form of the report Allgemeine Meldeportal Statistik can be accessed via the Bundesbank s website (www.bundesbank.de) and is available in both German and English. In addition, the Participant may be required to report the acquisition of shares of Common Stock under the Plan to the Bundesbank via email or telephone if the value of the shares acquired exceeds 12,500. The Participant understands that if the Participant makes or receives a payment in excess of this amount, the Participant is responsible for complying with applicable reporting requirements. The 
 -17- 

Participant should consult his her personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable reporting requirements. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . If the acquisition of shares of Common Stock under the Plan leads to a qualified participation at any point during the calendar year, the Participant will need to report the acquisition of shares of Common Stock when the Participant files his or her tax return for the relevant year. A qualified participation is attained if (i) the value of the shares of Common Stock acquired exceeds 150,000 or (ii) the shares of Common Stock exceed 10 of the Company s total shares of Common Stock. However, if the shares of Common Stock are listed on a recognized U.S. stock exchange (as is currently the case) and the Participant owns less than 1 of the Company, this requirement will not apply to the Participant. The Participant should consult with his or her personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting obligations. 
 IRELAND 
 Notifications 
 Director Notification Obligation . If the Participant is or becomes a director or secretary of a Subsidiary or Affiliate in Ireland with aggregate shareholding interests exceeding 1 of the Company s voting rights, the Participant must notify the Irish Subsidiary or Affiliate in writing if the Participant receives or disposes of an interest (e.g., the Option, shares of Common Stock) in the Company. This notification requirement also applies to a shadow director of the Irish Subsidiary or Affiliate i.e. , an individual who is not on the board of directors of the Irish Subsidiary or Affiliate but who has sufficient control so that the board of directors of the Irish Subsidiary or Affiliate acts in accordance with the directions or instructions of the individual) and with respect to the interests of a spouse or minor children (whose interests will be attributed to the director, shadow director or secretary). 
 ITALY 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Method of Exercise. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, the Participant must exercise this Option using the cashless-sell-all exercise method. To complete a cashless-sell-all exercise, the Participant should notify a licensed securities broker acceptable to the Company to (i) sell all of the shares upon exercise (ii) use the proceeds to pay the Option price, brokerage fees and applicable Tax-Related Items and (iii) remit the balance in cash to the Participant. If the Participant does not complete this procedure, the Company may refuse to allow the Participant to exercise this Option. The Company reserves the right to provide the Participant with additional methods of exercise depending on local developments. 
 Plan Document Acknowledgement. By accepting the Option, the Participant acknowledges that (a) the Participant has received the Plan and the Agreement (b) the Participant has reviewed those documents in their entirety and fully understands the contents thereof and (c) the Participant accepts all provisions of the Plan and the Agreement. The Participant further acknowledges that the Participant has read and specifically and expressly approves, without limitation, the following sections of the Agreement Treatment on Termination Non-Transferability Repayment of Proceeds Clawback Policy Restrictive Covenants Tax Withholding No Right to Continued Employment Nature of Grant No Advice Regarding Grant Data Privacy as replaced by the above provision Waiver and Amendments Governing Law Venue Electronic Delivery and Acceptance Imposition of Other Requirements Language and Appendix. 
 Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information. If, at any time during the fiscal year, the Participant holds foreign financial assets (including cash and or shares of Common Stock) which may generate income taxable in Italy, the Participant is required to report these assets on the Participant s annual tax return (UNICO Form, RW Schedule) for the year during which the assets are held, or on a special form if no tax return is due. These reporting obligations will also apply to the Participant if the Participant is the beneficial owner of foreign financial assets under Italian money laundering provisions. 
 Foreign Asset Tax Information . The value of any shares of Common Stock (and certain other foreign assets) the Participant holds outside of Italy will be subject to a foreign financial assets tax. The taxable 
 -18- 

amount is equal to the fair market value of the shares of Common Stock on December 31 or on the last day the shares of Common Stock were held (in such case, or when the shares of Common Stock are acquired during the course of the year, the tax is levied in proportion to the number of days the shares of Common Stock were held over the calendar year). No payment obligation arises, if the amount of the foreign financial assets tax calculated on all financial assets held abroad does not exceed a minimum threshold. If the Participant is subject to this foreign financial assets tax, the Participant will need to report the value of his or her financial assets held abroad in Form RM of his or her annual tax return. This foreign financial assets tax will not apply to the Restricted Stock Unit since it is non-transferable. The Participant should contact his or her personal tax advisor for additional information about the foreign financial assets tax. 
 JAPAN 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information . Japanese residents acquiring shares of Common Stock valued at more than JPY 100,000,000 in a single transaction must file a Securities Acquisition Report with the Ministry of Finance MOF through the Bank of Japan within twenty (20) days of the acquisition of the shares. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information. If the Participant holds assets e.g. , shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock and, possibly, the Option) outside of Japan with a value exceeding 50,000,000 as of December 31 of any calendar year, the Participant is required to report such to the Japanese tax authorities by March 15th of the following year. The Participant should consult with the Participant s personal tax advisor regarding the details of this reporting obligation. 
 NETHERLANDS 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 NORWAY 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 SINGAPORE 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information. The Option is granted pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA ). The Plan has not been lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. The Participant should note that the Option is subject to section 257 of the SFA and the Participant will not be able to make (i) any subsequent sale of the shares of Common Stock in Singapore or (ii) any offer of such subsequent sale of the shares of Common Stock in Singapore, unless such sale or offer is made (i) more than six months after the Date of Grant, or (ii) pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division 1 Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) or pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provisions of the SFA. 
 Director Notification Requirement. If the Participant is a director, associate director or shadow directors 1 of a Singaporean Affiliate or Subsidiary (a Singaporean Entity ), the Participant is subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify the Singaporean Entity in writing when the Participant receives or disposes of an interest 
 
 1 A shadow director is an individual who is not on the board of directors of a company but who has sufficient control so that the board of directors acts in accordance with the directions or instructions of the individual. 
 
 -19- 

e.g. , Option, shares of Common Stock) in the Company or any related company. These notifications must be made within two business days of (i) its acquisition or disposal of any interest in the Company or any related company, (ii) any change in a previously disclosed interest e.g. , when the shares of Common Stock are sold), or (iii) becoming a director, associate director or shadow director (if such an interest exists at the time). 
 Exit Tax Information. If the Participant is (i) neither a Singapore citizen nor a Singapore permanent resident, and the Participant (a) intends to leave Singapore for any period exceeding three months, (b) will be posted overseas on a secondment, or (c) is about to cease employment with the Singaporean Entity with which the Participant was employed at the time of grant, regardless of whether the Participant intends to remain in Singapore, or (ii) a Singapore permanent resident, and the Participant (a) intends to leave Singapore for any period exceeding three months, (b) will be posted overseas on a secondment or (c) is about to cease employment with the Singaporean Entity with which the Participant was employed at the time of grant and intends to leave Singapore on a permanent basis, the Participant may be subject to an exit tax upon the Participant s departure from Singapore or cessation of employment, as applicable. In such case, the Participant will be taxed on the Participant s Option on a deemed exercise basis, i.e., the Participant will be deemed to have exercised the Participant s Option on the later of (i) one month before the date the Participant departs Singapore or ceases employment, or (ii) the date on which the Option was granted. If the Participant is subject to the exit tax, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Service Recipient will report details of the Participant s departure from Singapore or cessation of employment to the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore and will withhold any income payable to the Participant for a period of up to 30 days. The Participant is hereby advised to consult with a personal tax advisor in the event the Participant may be subject to these exit tax rules. 
 
 SWEDEN 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 SWITZERLAND 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information. Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the Option (i) constitute a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA ), (ii) may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an employee of the Company or (iii) has been or will be filed with, or approved or supervised by, any Swiss reviewing body according to article 51 FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority, including the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority. 
 UNITED KINGDOM 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Form of Settlement. Notwithstanding any discretion contained in the Plan or anything to the contrary in the Agreement, the Option is payable in shares of Common Stock only. 
 Tax Withholding. The following provisions supplement Section 12 of the Agreement 
 Without limitation to Section 12 of the Agreement, the Participant agrees that the Participant is liable for all Tax-Related Items and hereby covenants to pay all such Tax-Related Items as and when requested by the Service Recipient or the Company or by Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). The Participant also agrees to indemnify and keep indemnified the Service Recipient and the Company against any Tax-Related Items that they are required to pay or withhold or have paid or will pay to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority) on the Participant s behalf. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant is a director or executive officer of the Company (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act), the terms of the immediately foregoing provision will not apply. In the event that the Participant is a director or executive officer of the Company and the income tax is not collected from or paid by the Participant within ninety (90) days of the end of the U.K. 
 -20- 

tax year in which an event giving rise to the indemnification described above occurs, the amount of any uncollected income tax may constitute a benefit to the Participant on which additional income tax and National Insurance contributions NICs may be payable. The Participant will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for paying to the Company and or the Service Recipient (as appropriate) the amount of any employee NICs due on this additional benefit. 
 U.K. Sub-Plan. The Participant understands and agrees that the Option is granted under and subject to the terms of the Sub-Plan for U.K. Employees. 
 URUGUAY 
 Data Privacy Acknowledgement . This provision supplements Section 16 of the Agreement 
 
 The Participant understands that Data will be collected by the Service Recipient and will be transferred to the Company at 14 Schoolhouse Road, Somerset, New Jersey 08873, USA and or any financial institutions or brokers involved in the management and administration of the Plan. The Participant further understands that any of these entities may store Data for purposes of administering the Participant's participation in the Plan. 
 
 -21- 

</EX-10.6 3>

<EX-10.6 4>
 5
 catalent-2023630xex1064.htm
 EX-10.6 4

Document 
 Exhibit 10.6.4 

 PERFORMANCE SHARE UNIT AGREEMENT UNDER THE CATALENT, INC. 2018 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 (Performance Period commencing on July 1, ____ and ending on June 30, ____) 
 Pursuant to the Performance Share Unit Grant Notice (the Grant Notice delivered to the Participant (as defined in the Grant Notice), and subject to the terms of this Performance Share Unit Agreement, including, as applicable, any special terms and conditions for the Participant s country set forth in Appendix 1 attached hereto (collectively, along with Exhibit A, this Agreement ), and the Plan (as defined below), Catalent, Inc. (the Company and the Participant agree as follows. 
 1. Definitions . Whenever the following terms are used in this Agreement, they shall have the meanings set forth below. Other capitalized terms are defined throughout this Agreement (including in Exhibit A to this Agreement) or in the Plan or the Grant Notice, as applicable. 
 (a) Continuous Catalent Service . The term Continuous Catalent Service means the continuous period of the Participant s Employment beginning on the later of (i) the date the Participant s employer becomes an Affiliate or a Subsidiary of the Company, or (ii) the first day of the Participant s Employment, and ending on the Termination Date. For clarity, Employment with an Affiliate or Subsidiary prior to the date such entity, together with the Company, is first treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code will be disregarded in calculating Continuous Catalent Service. 
 (b) Delivered RTSR Value . The term Delivered RTSR Value means the product of (i) the number of Delivered Shares attributable to the RTSR Performance Percentage times (ii) the Ending Stock Price (as defined in Exhibit A). 
 (c) Delivered RTSR Value Cap . The term Delivered RTSR Value Cap means three times the Target RTSR Value. 
 (d) Delivered Shares . The term Delivered Shares has the meaning set forth in Section 5 of this Agreement. 
 (e) Employment . The term Employment means the Participant s employment as an employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries. 
 (f) Performance Period . The term Performance Period means the period commencing on July 1, ____ and ending on June 30, ____. 
 (g) Period of Service . The term Period of Service means the continuous period of the Participant s Employment up to the Termination Date, and also includes any prior period of Employment separated by (i) any break in Employment as a result of a leave of absence authorized by the Company or by law and (ii) any break in Employment not authorized by the Company or by law lasting twelve (12) months or less. 
 (h) Person . The term Perso n means any individual, person, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, corporation, limited liability company, trust, or other business organization, entity or enterprise. 
 (i) Plan . The term Plan means the Company s 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as in effect from time to time. 
 (j) Restrictive Covenant Violation . The term Restrictive Covenant Violation means the Participant s breach of any of the Restrictive Covenants set forth in Section 10 of this Agreement or any covenant regarding confidentiality, competitive activity, solicitation of the Company s or any of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries vendors, suppliers, customers or employees or any similar provision applicable to or agreed to by the Participant, all to the extent permitted by law. 
 (k) Retirement . The term Retirement means a Termination (other than a Termination when grounds existed for a Termination for Cause at the time thereof) initiated by the Participant that occurs on or after the date on which the sum of the Participant s age and Period of Service (calculated in months) equals sixty-five (65) years, so long as the Participant is at least fifty-five (55) 

years old, has a period of Continuous Catalent Service of at least five (5) years as of the Termination Date, and provides at least six (6) months notice of Participant s intention to retire. 
 (l) Target RTSR Value . The term Target RTSR Value means the product of (i) the RTSR Target Number of Performance Share Units provided in the Grant Notice times (ii) the closing price per share of Common Stock on the Date of Grant set forth in the Grant Notice. 
 (m) Termination . The term Termination means a cessation of a Participant s Employment for any reason. 
 (n) Termination Date . The term Termination Date means the date upon which the Participant incurs a Termination for any reason 
 2. Grant of Performance Share Units . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Grant Notice, and the Plan, for good and valuable consideration, the Company hereby grants to the Participant the RTSR Target Number of Performance Share Units provided in the Grant Notice. 
 3. Vesting . Subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, the Grant Notice and the Plan, the Performance Share Units shall vest as provided in Exhibit A, except as otherwise set forth in Sections 6 and 9 of this Agreement. With respect to any Performance Share Unit, the period during which such Performance Share Unit remains subject to vesting requirements shall be its Restricted Period. 
 4. Dividend Equivalents . The Company will credit Performance Share Units with dividend equivalent payments following the payment by the Company of dividends on shares of Common Stock. The Company will provide such dividend equivalents in shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value per Performance Share Unit, as of the date of such dividend payment, equal to the per-share amount of such applicable dividend, and shall be payable at the same time as (and only if) the Performance Share Units are settled in accordance with Section 5 below. In the event that any Performance Share Unit is forfeited by its terms, the Participant shall have no right to dividend equivalent payments in respect of such forfeited Performance Share Units. 
 5. Settlement of Performance Share Units . Following expiration of the Restricted Period with respect to any outstanding Performance Share Unit not previously forfeited in accordance with Exhibit A or Sections 6 or 9 of this Agreement, or, as applicable with respect to any Converted RSUs (as defined in Exhibit A), the Company shall issue to the Participant by no later than the ninetieth (90th) day following the end of the Performance Period one share of Common Stock for such Performance Share Unit or Converted RSU (each, a Delivered Share and, collectively, the Delivered Shares ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) the Performance Share Units, or, as applicable, the Converted Units may be settled at a different time in the circumstances set forth in Section 6(b) and Section 6(d) below, as well as in Section 2(b) of Exhibit A, and (b) in the event that the Delivered RTSR Value exceeds the Delivered RTSR Value Cap, the number of Delivered Shares attributable to the RTSR Performance Percentage shall be reduced to the level at which the Delivered RTSR Value is as close as possible to, but does not exceed, the Delivered RTSR Value Cap and the Participant shall have no right to receive any shares of Common Stock that relate to such required reduction in the Delivered Shares. 
 6. Treatment on Termination. 
 (a) Subject to clauses (b) (d) below, if the Participant incurs a Termination prior to the Regular Vesting Date (as defined on Exhibit A), (i) the Participant s Performance Share Units shall cease vesting and (ii) the Participant shall forfeit all unvested Performance Share Units to the Company for no consideration as of the Termination Date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, in the event a Participant incurs a Termination of Employment and such Participant continues to provide services to the Company, or any of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries in a non-employee capacity pursuant to a written consulting or similar agreement (a Consulting Agreement with the Company or any of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries expressly providing for continued vesting through the earlier of (x) the duration of such post-employment period or (y) the vesting date , subject to the Participant s execution, delivery, and non-revocation of a waiver and release of claims in favor of the Company and its Affiliates and Subsidiaries in a form prescribed by the Company on or prior to the 60th day following the 
 -2- 

Termination Date, then the Participant, solely for purposes of this Section 6(a), shall be deemed not to have incurred a Termination (solely for vesting purposes) until the date the Participant ceases to provide services pursuant to such Consulting Agreement, such that the Participant shall not forfeit any unvested Performance Share Units as of the Participant s Termination of Employment and the Participant shall continue to be eligible to vest in the Participant s Performance Share Units with respect to any Regular Vesting Date that occurs during the period in which the Participant provides services pursuant to such Consulting Agreement. 
 (b) Death . If the Participant incurs a Termination due to death, the RTSR Target Number of Performance Share Units or the number of Converted RSUs to the extent applicable, shall, to the extent not then vested or previously forfeited or cancelled, become fully vested, the Restricted Period shall expire and any unvested Performance Share Units will immediately be forfeited to the Company by the Participant for no consideration. Settlement of such vested Performance Share Units (or Converted RSUs) shall be made within ninety (90) days of the date of the Participant s death, or at such later time as permitted under Section 409A. 
 (c) Disability Retirement . If the Participant incurs a Termination due to Disability or Retirement, the number of Performance Share Units as determined in accordance with Exhibit A, or the number of Converted RSUs to the extent applicable, shall, to the extent not then vested or previously forfeited or cancelled, continue to vest as provided in Exhibit A as if the Participant had continued Employment through the Regular Vesting Date, subject to the Participant s compliance with the restrictive covenants set forth in Section 10 of this Agreement and the Participant s execution, delivery, and non-revocation of a waiver and release of claims in favor of the Company and its Affiliates and Subsidiaries in a form prescribed by the Company on or prior to the 60 th day following the Termination Date provided, however , in the case of a Termination due to Retirement, the number of Performance Share Units, if any, that shall vest shall be the number determined in accordance with Exhibit A and then multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is equal to the number of days between and including the first day of the Performance Period and the date the Participant incurs a Termination due to Retirement and the denominator of which is 1095 (the Retirement Fraction ). Upon the Regular Vesting Date, the Restricted Period shall expire with respect to the Retirement Fraction of the Performance Share Units (or the Converted Units), and the Participant will immediately forfeit the remaining fraction of the unvested Performance Share Units (or the Converted Units) to the Company for no consideration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company receives an opinion of counsel that there has been a legal judgment or development in the Participant s jurisdiction that would cause the continued vesting of the Restricted Stock Units after Termination due to Retirement being deemed unlawful or discriminatory, the unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be treated as set forth in the remaining provisions of this Section 6. 
 (d) Change in Control . In the event of a Change in Control, if the Participant incurs a Termination by the Service Recipient without Cause prior to the Regular Vesting Date, the number of Converted RSUs shall, to the extent not then vested or previously forfeited or cancelled, become fully vested and the Restricted Period shall expire. Subject to Section 14(t) of the Plan, settlement of such Converted RSUs shall be made within ninety (90) days of the date of the Participant s Termination. 
 7. Non-Transferability . The Performance Share Units are not transferable by the Participant except to Permitted Transferees in accordance with Section 14(b) of the Plan. Whenever the word Participant is used in any provision of this Agreement under circumstances where the provision should logically be construed to apply to executors, administrators, or the Person or Persons to whom the Performance Share Units may be transferred by will or by the laws of descent and distribution in accordance with Section 14(b) of the Plan, the word Participant shall be deemed to include such executors, administrators, or Person or Persons. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or the Plan, no assignment or transfer of the Performance Share Units, or of the rights represented thereby, whether voluntary or involuntary, by operation of law or otherwise, shall vest in the assignee or transferee any interest or right in this Agreement or the Plan whatsoever, but immediately upon such assignment or transfer the Performance Share Units shall be forfeited and become of no further effect. 
 8. Rights as Stockholder . The Participant or a Permitted Transferee of the Performance Share Units shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any share of Common Stock underlying a Performance Share Unit unless and until the Participant becomes the holder of record or the beneficial owner of such Common Stock, and no adjustment shall be made for dividends or distributions or other 
 -3- 

rights in respect of such share of Common Stock for which the record date is prior to the date upon which the Participant becomes the holder of record or the beneficial owner thereof. 
 9. Detrimental Activity Cancellation Repayment of Proceeds Clawback . 
 (a) If the Participant has engaged in or engages in any Detrimental Activity (including without limitation a Restrictive Covenant Violation) or the Company discovers after a Termination or termination of any Consulting Agreement that grounds existed for Cause at the time thereof, then (i) the Committee may, in its sole discretion, cancel the Award of Performance Share Units effected by this Agreement and the Grant Notice, and (ii) the Participant shall be required, in addition to any other remedy available (on a non-exclusive basis), to pay to the Company, within ten (10) business days of the Company s request to the Participant therefor, an amount equal to the aggregate after-tax proceeds (taking into account all amounts of tax that would be recoverable upon a claim of loss for payment of such proceeds in the year of repayment) the Participant received upon the sale or other disposition of, or distributions in respect of, the Performance Share Units and any shares of Common Stock issued in respect thereof. Any reference in this Agreement to grounds existing for a Termination for Cause shall be determined without regard to any notice period, cure period, or other procedural delay or event required prior to finding of or termination with Cause. 
 (b) If the Participant receives any amount in excess of what the Participant should have received under the terms of the Award of Performance Share Units effected by this Agreement and the Grant Notice for any reason (including by reason of a financial restatement, mistake in calculation, or other administrative error), then the Participant may at the discretion of the Committee be required to repay any such excess amount to the Company. 
 (c) The Performance Share Units and all proceeds thereof shall be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture and or recoupment to the extent necessary to comply with applicable laws, stock exchange listing requirements and or any clawback or recoupment policy of the Company and the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines or other similar requirements, whenever adopted and as in effect from time to time. 
 10. Restrictive Covenants . 
 (a) To the extent that the Participant is a party to an employment or similar agreement with the Company or one of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries containing non-competition, non-solicitation, non-interference or confidentiality restrictions (or two or more such restrictions), those restrictions and related enforcement provisions under such agreement shall govern and the corresponding provisions of this Section 10 shall not apply, with no change to Participant s obligations under the remaining provisions of this Section 10. 
 (b) Competitive Activity. 
 (i) The Participant shall be deemed to have engaged in Competitive Activity if, during the period commencing on the Date of Grant and ending on the date that is the later of (x) 12 months after the Termination Date and (y) the Regular Vesting Date (as defined on Exhibit A) (in either case, the Restricted Activity Period ), the Participant, whether on the Participant s own behalf or on behalf of or in conjunction with any other Person, directly or indirectly, violates any of the following prohibitions 
 (I) During the Restricted Activity Period, the Participant will not, whether on the Participant s own behalf or on behalf of or in conjunction with any Person, directly or indirectly, solicit or assist in soliciting in competition with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, the business of any client or prospective client 
 (1) with whom the Participant had personal contact or dealings on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates during the one-year period preceding the later of the Termination Date and the end of the provision of services pursuant to any Consulting Agreement 
 (2) with whom employees reporting to the Participant have had personal contact or dealings on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries 
 -4- 

or Affiliates during the one-year period preceding the later of the Termination Date and the end of the provision of services pursuant to any Consulting Agreement or 
 (3) for whom the Participant had direct or indirect responsibility during the one-year period preceding the later of the Termination Date and the end of the provision of services pursuant to any Consulting Agreement. 
 (II) During the Restricted Activity Period, the Participant will not directly or indirectly 
 (1) engage in any business that competes with the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, including, but not limited to, providing formulation dose form technologies and or contract services to pharmaceutical, biotechnology, over-the-counter and vitamins minerals supplements companies related to pre-clinical and clinical development, formulation, analysis, manufacturing and or packaging and any other technology, product, or service of the type developed, manufactured, or sold by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates (including, without limitation, any other business that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates have plans to engage in as of the Termination Date) in any geographical area where the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates conducts business (a Competitive Business 
 (2) enter the employ of, or render any services to, any Person (or any division or controlled or controlling Affiliate of any Person) who or which engages in a Competitive Business 
 (3) acquire a financial interest in, or otherwise become actively involved with, any Competitive Business, directly or indirectly, as an individual, partner, shareholder, officer, director, principal, agent, trustee, or consultant or 
 (4) interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, any business relationship (whether formed before, on, or after the Date of Grant) between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates and any customer, client, supplier, or investor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Participant may, directly or indirectly own, solely as an investment, securities of any Person engaged in any Competitive Business that are publicly traded on a national or regional stock exchange or on the over-the-counter market if the Participant (i) is not a controlling person of, or a member of a group that controls, such Person and (ii) does not, directly or indirectly, own 5 or more of any class of securities of such Person. Any such qualifying ownership shall not be deemed to be engaging in Competitive Activity or a Restrictive Covenant Violation for purposes of this Agreement. 
 (III) During the Restricted Activity Period, the Participant will not, whether on the Participant s own behalf or on behalf of or in conjunction with any Person, directly or indirectly 
 (1) solicit or encourage any employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates to leave such Employment or 
 (2) hire any such employee who was employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates as of the Termination Date or who left such employment coincident with, or within six (6) months prior to or after, the Termination Date provided, however , that this restriction shall cease to apply to any employee who has not been employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates for at least six (6) months. 
 -5- 

(IV) During the Restricted Activity Period, the Participant will not, directly or indirectly, solicit or encourage to cease to work with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates any consultant then under contract with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates. 
 (i) It is expressly understood and agreed that although the Participant and the Company consider the restrictions contained in this Section 10(b) to be reasonable, if a final judicial determination is made by a court of competent jurisdiction that the time or territory or any other restriction contained in this Agreement is an unenforceable restriction against the Participant, the provisions of this Agreement shall not be rendered void but shall be deemed amended to apply as to such maximum time and territory and to such maximum extent as such court may judicially determine or indicate to be enforceable. Alternatively, if any court of competent jurisdiction finds that any restriction contained in this Agreement is unenforceable, and such restriction cannot be amended so as to make it enforceable, such finding shall not affect the enforceability of any of the other restrictions contained in this Section 10(b). 
 (ii) To the extent a Participant (i) lives in a jurisdiction where restrictive covenants are void as against public policy or (ii) has a business title below the level of director and receives base compensation of less than 100,000 (or its local currency equivalent) per year, this Section 10(b) of this Agreement shall be considered deleted from and therefore not part of this Agreement. 
 (c) Confidentiality . 
 (i) The Participant will not at any time (whether during or after the Participant s Employment) (x) retain or use for the benefit, purposes or account of the Participant or any other Person or (y) disclose, divulge, reveal, communicate, share, transfer or provide access to any Person outside the Company and its Affiliates and Subsidiaries (other than its professional advisors who are bound by confidentiality obligations), any non-public, proprietary or confidential information (including without limitation trade secrets, know-how, research and development, software, databases, inventions, processes, formulae, technology, designs and other intellectual property, information concerning finances, investments, profits, pricing, costs, products, services, vendors, customers, clients, partners, investors, personnel, compensation, recruiting, training, advertising, sales, marketing, promotions, and government and regulatory activities and approvals) concerning the past, current, or future business, activities, and operations of the Company, its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, and or any third party that has disclosed or provided any of same to the Company on a confidential basis Confidential Information without the prior written authorization of the Board. 
 (ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 10(c)(i), Confidential Information shall not include any information that (w) is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10(c) (x) is already known by the recipient of the disclosed information at the time of disclosure as evidenced by the recipient s written records, (y) becomes available to the recipient of the disclosed information on a non-confidential basis from a source that is entitled to disclose it on a non-confidential basis, or (z) was or is independently developed by or for the recipient of the information without reference to Confidential Information, as evidenced by the recipient s written records. 
 (iii) Except as required by law, the Participant will not disclose to anyone, other than the Participant s immediate family and legal or financial or tax advisors or lender, each of whom the Participant agrees to instruct not to disclose, the existence or contents of this Agreement (unless this Agreement shall be publicly available as a result of a regulatory filing made by the Company or one of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries) provided , that the Participant may disclose to any prospective future employer the provisions of Section 10 of this Agreement provided such prospective future employer agrees to maintain the confidentiality of such terms. 
 (iv) Upon Termination, the Participant shall (x) cease and not thereafter commence use of any Confidential Information or intellectual property (including, without limitation, any patent, invention, copyright, trade secret, trademark, trade name, logo, domain name, or other source indicator) owned or used by the Company, its Subsidiaries, or Affiliates (y) immediately destroy, delete, or return to the Company, at the Company s option, all originals and copies in any form or medium (including memoranda, books, papers, plans, computer files, letters, and other 
 -6- 

data) in the Participant s possession or control (including any of the foregoing stored or located in the Participant s office, home, laptop, or other computer, whether or not Company property) that contain Confidential Information or otherwise relate to the business of the Company or one of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries, except that the Participant may retain only those portions of any personal notes, notebooks, and diaries that do not contain any Confidential Information and (z) notify and fully cooperate with the Company regarding the delivery or destruction of any other Confidential Information of which the Participant is or becomes aware. 
 (v) Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1833(b), the parties to this Agreement have the right to disclose in confidence trade secrets to federal, state, and local government officials, or to an attorney, for the sole purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. The parties to this Agreement also have the right to disclose trade secrets in a document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, but only if the filing is made under seal and protected from public disclosure. 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) states An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (A) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets where such disclosure is expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. 1833(b). 
 (d) Equitable Relief. Notwithstanding the remedies set forth in Section 9 above and notwithstanding any other remedy that would otherwise be available to the Company at law or in equity, the Company and the Participant agree and acknowledge that if an actual or threatened Restrictive Covenant Violation occurs, the Company will be entitled to an injunction and or other equitable relief restraining the Participant from the Restrictive Covenant Violation without the necessity of posting a bond or proving actual damages. 
 11. Tax Withholding . 
 (a) Responsibility for Taxes . The Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, the Service Recipient, the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to the Participant s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to the Participant Tax-Related Items is and remains the Participant s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Service Recipient. The Participant further acknowledges that neither the Company nor the Service Recipient (1) makes any representation or undertaking regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Performance Share Units, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the Performance Share Units, the subsequent sale of shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividend or any dividend equivalent and (2) commits to or is under any obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Performance Share Units to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if the Participant is subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, the Participant acknowledges that the Company or the Service Recipient (or former Service Recipient, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 (b) Satisfaction of Withholding Obligations . Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the Participant shall make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company or the Service Recipient, as appropriate, to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, the Participant authorizes the Company and the Service Recipient, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy their withholding obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by any of the means described in the Plan or by such other means or method as the Committee in its sole discretion and without notice to the Participant deems appropriate provided , however, that, if the Participant is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, then the Participant may elect, in advance of any tax withholding event, to satisfy the amount of all required Tax-Related Items in respect of the Performance Share Units in cash, and, in the absence of Participant s timely election, the Company will withhold shares of Common Stock to satisfy any withholding obligations upon the relevant tax withholding event. 
 -7- 

Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates. If the maximum or another rate that is higher than the Participant s actual rate is used, the Company or the Service Recipient may refund any over-withheld amount to the Participant in cash (with no entitlement to the Common Stock equivalent), or, if not refunded, the Participant may seek a refund from the local tax authorities. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding shares of Common Stock, the Participant shall be deemed for tax purposes to have been issued the full number of shares of Common Stock subject to the vested Performance Share Units, notwithstanding that a portion of the shares of Common Stock is held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. 
 Finally, the Participant shall pay to the Company or the Service Recipient any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Service Recipient may be required to withhold or account for as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the shares of Common Stock or the proceeds of the sale of shares of Common Stock, if the Participant fails to comply with the Participant s obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 12. Notice . Every notice or other communication relating to this Agreement between the Company and the Participant shall be in writing, and shall be mailed to or delivered to the party for whom it is intended at such address as may from time to time be designated by it in a notice mailed or delivered to the other party as provided in this Agreement provided , that, unless and until some other address be so designated, all notices or communications by the Participant to the Company shall be mailed or delivered to the Company at its principal executive office, to the attention of the Company s General Counsel, and all notices or communications by the Company to the Participant may be given to the Participant personally or may be mailed to the Participant at the Participant s last known address, as reflected in the Company s records. Notwithstanding the above, all notices and communications between the Participant and any third-party plan administrator shall be mailed, delivered, transmitted, or sent in accordance with the procedures established by such third-party plan administrator and communicated to the Participant from time to time. 
 13. No Right to Continued Employment . Neither the Plan nor this Agreement nor the granting of the Performance Share Units that are the subject of this Agreement shall be construed as giving the Participant the right to be retained in the employ of, or in any consulting relationship to, the Company or any of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries. Further, the Company, or, if different, the Service Recipient, may at any time dismiss the Participant or discontinue any consulting relationship free from any liability or any claim under the Plan or this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement. 
 14. Nature of Grant . In accepting the grant of the Performance Share Units, the Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended, or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 (b) the grant of the Performance Share Units is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Performance Share Units, or benefits in lieu of Performance Share Units, even if Performance Share Units have been granted in the past 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future Performance Share Units or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 (d) neither the Performance Share Unit grant nor the Participant s participation in the Plan shall create any right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment or service contract with the Company, the Service Recipient or any Affiliate or Subsidiary of the Company or interfere with the ability of the Company, the Service Recipient or any Affiliate or Subsidiary of the Company, as applicable, to terminate the Participant s employment or service contract (if any), to the extent otherwise permitted by law or any applicable agreement other than this Agreement 
 -8- 

(e) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, none of the Performance Share Units, the shares of Common Stock subject to the Performance Share Units, and the income and value of same is granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service the Participant may provide as a director of the Company, the Service Recipient, or any Affiliate or Subsidiary of the Company 
 (f) the Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 (g) none of the Performance Share Units, the shares of Common Stock subject to the Performance Share Units, and the income and value of same is intended to replace any pension right or other form of compensation 
 (h) none of the Performance Share Units, the shares of Common Stock subject to the Performance Share Units, and the income and value of same is part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose, including, without limitation, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, or end-of-service payments, any bonus, holiday pay, long-service award, pension, or retirement or welfare benefit, or any similar payment 
 (i) the future value of the underlying shares of Common Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 (j) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from any forfeiture of the Performance Share Units resulting from a Termination or end of provision of services pursuant to any Consulting Agreement (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of any employment-related law in any jurisdiction applicable to the Participant s employment or the terms of the Participant s employment agreement, if any) 
 (k) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, neither the Performance Share Units nor any benefit evidenced by this Agreement creates any entitlement either (i) to have the Performance Share Units or any such benefit transferred to or assumed by another company or (ii) to be exchanged, cashed out, or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Common Stock and 
 (l) the Participant acknowledges and agrees that none of the Company, the Service Recipient, and any Affiliate or Subsidiary of the Company shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between the Participant s local currency, if any, and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Performance Share Units or of any amount due to the Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Performance Share Units or the subsequent sale of any share of Common Stock acquired upon settlement. 
 15. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendation regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan, or the Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying shares of Common Stock. The Participant is hereby advised to consult with the Participant s own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 16. Data Privacy . The Participant hereby explicitly and without reservation consents to the collection, use, and transfer, in electronic or other form, of the Participant s personal data as described in this Agreement and any other Performance Share Unit grant material by and among, as applicable, the Service Recipient, the Company, and its other Affiliates or Subsidiaries for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering, and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. 
 The Participant understands that the Service Recipient, the Company, and its other Affiliates or Subsidiaries may hold certain personal information about the Participant, including, but not limited to, the Participant s name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social insurance number, passport or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any share of Common Stock or directorships held in the Company, or details of all Performance Share Units or any other entitlement to shares of Common Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested, or outstanding in the Participant s favor Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering, and managing the Plan. 
 The Participant understands that Data will be transferred to any third-party administrator or stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company, which is assisting the Company with 
 -9- 

the implementation, administration, and management of the Plan. The Participant understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than the Participant s country. The Participant understands that the Participant may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipient of the Data by contacting the Participant s local human resources representative. The Participant authorizes the Company and any other possible recipient that may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering, and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain, and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering, and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer, and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that the Participant may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendment to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents in this Section 16, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing the Participant s local human resources representative. Further, the Participant understands that the Participant is providing on a purely voluntary basis the consents described in this Agreement. If the Participant does not consent, or if the Participant later seeks to revoke the Participant s consent, the Participant s Employment or service with the Service Recipient will not be adversely affected the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing the Participant s consent is that the Company may be unable to grant Performance Share Units or other awards to the Participant or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, the Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing the Participant s consent may affect the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of the Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, the Participant understands that the Participant may contact the Participant s local human resources representative. 
 The Participant understands that the Company may rely on a different legal basis for the collection, processing, and or transfer of Data either now or in the future and or request the Participant to provide another data privacy consent. If applicable and upon request of the Company or the Service Recipient, the Participant agrees to provide an executed acknowledgment or data privacy consent (or any other acknowledgments, agreements, or consents) to the Company and or the Service Recipient that the Company and or the Service Recipient may deem necessary to obtain under the data privacy laws in the Participant s country, either now or in the future. The Participant understands that the Participant may be unable to participate in the Plan if the Participant fails to execute any such acknowledgment, agreement, or consent requested by the Company and or the Service Recipient. 
 17. Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon the heirs, executors, administrators, successors, and, to the extent permitted, assigns or other Permitted Transferees of the parties to this Agreement. 
 18. Waiver and Amendments . Subject to Section 13(b) of the Plan, the Committee may waive any condition or right under, amend any term of, or alter, suspend, discontinue, cancel, or terminate, this Agreement, prospectively or retroactively (including after the Participant s Termination) provided , that any such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancellation, or termination that would materially and adversely affect the rights of the Participant under this Agreement shall not to that extent be effective without the consent of the Participant. No waiver by either of the parties hereto of their rights under this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute a waiver with respect to any subsequent occurrence or transaction under this Agreement unless such waiver specifically states that it is to be construed as a continuing waiver. 
 19. Governing Law Venue . This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its principles of conflicts of law. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this grant or this Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in the State of New Jersey, and hereby waive any objection to proceeding in such jurisdiction, including any objection regarding an inconvenient forum. 
 20. Plan . The terms and conditions of the Plan are incorporated in this Agreement by reference. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Plan shall govern and control. 
 -10- 

21. Language . The Participant acknowledges that the Participant is sufficiently proficient in English to understand the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If the Participant has received this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 22. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any document related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 23. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose any other requirements on the Participant s participation in the Plan, on the Performance Share Units and on any share of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require the Participant to sign any additional agreement or undertaking that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing 
 24. Section 409A of the Code . It is intended that the Performance Share Units be exempt from or compliant with Section 409A of the Code (together with any Department of Treasury regulation and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including without limitation any such regulation or other guidance that may be issued after the date hereof, Section 409A and this Agreement shall be interpreted, construed, and operated to reflect such intent. However, notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Grant Notice, or this Agreement, if at any time the Committee determines that the Performance Share Units (or any portion thereof) may be subject to Section 409A, the Committee shall have the right in its sole discretion (without any obligation to do so or to indemnify the Participant or any other Person for failure to do so) to adopt such amendments to the Plan, the Grant Notice or this Agreement, or adopt other policies and procedures (including amendments, policies, and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other action, as the Committee determines is necessary or appropriate either for the Performance Share Units to be exempt from the application of Section 409A or to comply with the requirements of Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision herein to the contrary, if the Participant is a specified employee as determined by the Company in accordance with its established policy, any settlement of Performance Share Units hereunder that would be a payment of deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A with respect to the Participant as a result of the Participant s separation from service as defined under Section 409A (other than as a result of death) and that would otherwise be paid within six months of the Participant s separation from service shall be payable on the date that is one day after the earlier of (i) the date that is six months after the Participant s separation from service, or (ii) the date that otherwise complies with the requirements of Section 409A. The payment of amounts and delivery of shares hereunder is hereby designated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. The Participant understand and agrees that the participant is solely responsible for the payment of any taxes and penalties due pursuant to Section 409A. 
 25. Appendix. Notwithstanding any term or condition in this Agreement, the Performance Share Unit grant shall be subject to any special term or condition set forth in Appendix 1 to this Agreement for the Participant s country. Moreover, if the Participant relocates to one of the countries included in Appendix 1, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. Appendix 1 constitutes part of this Agreement. 
 26. Foreign Asset Account, Exchange Control and Tax Reporting . The Participant s country may have certain foreign asset account, exchange control, and or tax reporting requirements, which may affect the Participant s ability to acquire or hold shares of Common Stock under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including any dividend received or sale proceeds arising from the sale of shares of Common Stock) in a brokerage or bank account outside the Participant s country. The Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets, or transactions to the tax or other authorities in Participant s country. The Participant may also be required to repatriate the sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan to Participant s country through a designated bank or broker and or within a certain time after receipt. The Participant 
 -11- 

acknowledges that it is the Participant s responsibility to be compliant with such regulations and the Participant should consult Participant s personal legal advisor for further details. 
 27. Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . The Participant acknowledges that the Participant may be subject to the insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws of one or more countries that may affect the Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell, or otherwise dispose of shares of Common Stock, rights to shares of Common Stock (e.g., Performance Share Units), or rights linked to the value of shares of Common Stock under the Plan during such times as the Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in applicable jurisdictions). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders the Participant placed before the Participant possessed inside information. Further, the Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party, which may include fellow employees, and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restriction that may be imposed under any applicable Company securities trading policy. The Participant acknowledges that Participant is responsible for complying with any applicable restrictions and is encouraged to speak to Participant s own personal legal advisor for further details regarding any insider trading and or market abuse laws applicable to the Participant. 
 28. Entire Agreement Miscellaneous . This Agreement, the Grant Notice, and the Plan constitute the entire understanding between the Participant and the Company regarding the Performance Share Units. This Agreement, the Grant Notice, and the Plan supersede any prior agreements, commitments, or negotiations concerning the Performance Share Units. The headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect its interpretation. 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank 
 -12- 

Exhibit A to Performance Share Unit Agreement 
 Note Capitalized terms used in this Exhibit A shall have the meanings set forth below or in the Performance Share Unit Agreement to which this Exhibit A is appended.) 
 
 1. Vesting . Except as otherwise expressly provided in Sections 6 and 9 of the Agreement, provided the Participant has not incurred a Termination on or prior to the Regular Vesting Date, the Performance Share Units granted under the Grant Notice to which this Agreement relates shall vest upon the date on which the Committee determines and certifies, as applicable, the attainment level of the RTSR Performance Percentage (the Regular Vesting Date with respect to the Performance Period, as of the last day of the Performance Period, which determination shall be made no later than the seventy-fifth (75 th day following the end of the Performance Period. As determined by the Committee, the number of Performance Share Units, if any, in which the Participant vests shall be equal to the product of (i) the RTSR Target Number of Performance Share Units (set forth in the Participant's Grant Notice) and (ii) the RTSR Performance Percentage. Upon the Regular Vesting Date, the Restricted Period shall expire and any vested Performance Share Units shall be settled in accordance with Section 5 of the Agreement. Any Performance Share Unit that does not vest in accordance with this Exhibit A (to the extent not previously forfeited pursuant to Sections 6 or 9 of the Agreement) shall, effective as of the Regular Vesting Date, be forfeited by the Participant without consideration. 
 2. Change in Control . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 1 of this Exhibit A, the following shall apply in connection with a Change in Control 
 (a) In the event of a Change in Control prior to the last day of the Performance Period, to the extent the stock of the acquiring or successor entity is publicly traded and the Performance Shares Units are assumed, continued, or substituted, the Performance Share Units shall be converted, immediately prior to the Change in Control, to a number of time-based Restricted Stock Units equal to either of the following (1) if the Change in Control occurs in the first year of the Performance Period, the RTSR Target Number of Performance Share Units, or (2) if the Change in Control occurs after the first year of the Performance Period, a number of Performance Share Units that would become eligible to vest based on the attainment level of the Relative Total Shareholder Return calculated as of a shortened Performance Period that ends on the date immediately preceding the date of the Change in Control (the Converted RSUs ). The Converted RSUs shall be eligible to vest based on the Participant s continued Employment through the Regular Vesting Date (which, for purposes of the Converted RSUs, shall be the last day of the Performance Period), except as otherwise provided in Section 6(b) (d) of the Agreement. Provided that the Participant has not incurred a Termination prior to the Regular Vesting Date (subject to Section 6(b) (d) of the Agreement), the Restricted Period with respect to the Converted RSUs shall expire upon the Regular Vesting Date and any vested Converted RSUs shall be settled in accordance with Section 5 of the Agreement. 
 (b) In the event of a Change in Control prior to the last day of the Performance Period, to the extent the acquiring or successor entity does not assume, continue, or substitute the Performance Share Units, or the stock of the acquiring or successor entity is not publicly traded, the Performance Share Units shall be replaced with a right to receive, within thirty (30) days following the date of the Change in Control, a cash payment equal to the product of (A) the Per Share Cash Amount, multiplied by (B) either (1) if the Change in Control occurs in the first year of the Performance Period, the RTSR Target Number of Performance Share Units, or (2) if the Change in Control occurs after the first year of the Performance Period, a number of Performance Share Units that would become eligible to vest based on the attainment level of the Relative Total Shareholder Return calculated as of a shortened Performance Period that ends on the date immediately preceding the date of the Change in Control. The Per Share Cash Amount for purposes of this Section 2(b) means an amount equal to the sum of (I) the average of the closing price of the Common Stock for the 20 trading days immediately preceding the date of the Change in Control and (II) any cash dividend payable on a share of Common Stock during the 20 trading-day period described in the foregoing. If settlement of the Performance Share Units may not be made within the period specified in this Section 2(b) due to the limitation in Section 14(t)(iii)(A) of the Plan, such settlement shall be made in accordance with Section 5 of the Agreement. 
 (c) In the event of a Change in Control on or after the last day of the Performance Period but prior to the settlement of such Performance Share Units in shares of Common Stock in accordance with this Agreement, the Participant shall receive whatever a stockholder of shares of Common Stock equal in 

number to the settlement amount (determined in accordance with Section 1 of this Exhibit A) would have been eligible to receive due to such Change in Control, with such settlement occurring in accordance with Section 5 of the Agreement. 
 (d) Any Performance Share Unit that does not vest or become Converted RSUs, as applicable, shall immediately be forfeited without any further action by the Company or the Participant and without any payment of consideration therefor. 
 3. Relative Total Shareholder Return Performance Goal 
 For purpose of this Agreement 
 
 Beginning Stock Price means the average of the closing prices of the Common Stock or the shares of the Peer Group, as applicable, for the 20 trading days ending on the trading date immediately preceding the first day of the Performance Period. 
 Ending Stock Price means the average of the closing prices of the Common Stock or the shares of the Peer Group, as applicable, for the 20 trading days up to and including (if a trading day) the last day of the Performance Period (or the date immediately preceding the date of a Change in Control if Section 2 of this Exhibit A is applicable). 
 Peer Group means the companies that comprise the S&P 500 Health Care Sector Index. Companies that are members of the index at the beginning of the Performance Period and subsequently cease to be listed in the index as a result of acquisitions, mergers, or combinations involving such companies shall be excluded from the Peer Group. Companies that are members of the index at the beginning of the Performance Period that subsequently file for bankruptcy or are adjudicated bankrupt (or enter a similar status under applicable law) during the Performance Period shall be treated as the worst performers for purposes of the Relative Total Shareholder Return calculation. 
 Total Shareholder Return means the quotient equal to (i) the Ending Stock Price minus the Beginning Stock Price plus assumed reinvestment as of the ex-dividend date of ordinary and extraordinary cash dividends, if any, paid by the applicable issuer during the Performance Period, divided by (ii) the Beginning Stock Price. Total Shareholder Return expressed as a formula shall be as follows 
 Total Shareholder Return (Ending Stock Price 
 Beginning Stock Price + 
 Assumed Dividend Reinvestment) 
 Beginning Stock Price 
 
 The stock prices and cash dividend payments reflected in the calculation of Total Shareholder Return shall be adjusted to reflect stock splits during the Performance Period, and dividends shall be assumed to be reinvested in the relevant issuer s shares for purposes of the calculation of Total Shareholder Return. 
 Relative Total Shareholder Return or RTSR means the percentile rank of the Company s Total Shareholder Return among the Total Shareholder Returns of all members of the Peer Group, ranked in descending order, at the end of the Performance Period (or the date immediately preceding the date of the Change in Control if Section 2 of this Exhibit A is applicable). 
 RTSR Performance Percentage means the percentage set forth in the below table, corresponding to the Relative Total Shareholder Return performance level. 
 A-2 

RTSR Percentile Rank Relative to Peer Group 
 Performance Level RTSR Performance Percentage Below 25th Percentile Below Threshold 0 25th Percentile Threshold 50 Between 25 th Percentile 
 and Median 
 Linearly interpolate between 
 50 and 100 
 Median Target 100 Between Median 
 and 75 th Percentile 
 Linearly interpolate between 100 and 150 75th Percentile and Above Maximum 150 
 
 A-3 

APPENDIX 1 
 GLOBAL PERFORMANCE SHARE UNIT AGREEMENT FOR 
 CATALENT, INC. 
 2018 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 (Performance Period commencing on July 1, ____ and ending on June 30, ____) 
 COUNTRY-SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NON-U.S. PARTICIPANTS 
 All capitalized terms used in this Appendix 1 that are not defined in this Appendix 1 have the meanings defined in the Plan, the Agreement (including its Exhibit A ), or the Grant Notice. 
 Terms and Conditions 
 This Appendix 1 includes additional or different terms and conditions that govern the Performance Share Units if the Participant works or resides in one of the countries listed below. The Participant understands that if the Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which the Participant is currently residing and or working, transfers Employment and or residency after the Date of Grant, or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the Company shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained in this Appendix 1 shall apply to the Participant. 
 Notifications 
 This Appendix 1 also includes information regarding exchange controls and certain other issues of which the Participant should be aware with respect to participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of July 2023. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Participant should not rely on the information in this Appendix 1 as the only source of information relating to the consequences of participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time the Performance Share Units vest or at the time the Participant sells the shares of Common Stock. 
 In addition, the information contained in this Appendix 1 is general in nature and may not apply to the Participant s particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure the Participant of a particular result. Accordingly, the Participant should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in the Participant s country may apply to the Participant s situation. 
 Finally, if the Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which the Participant is currently residing and or working, transfers Employment and or residency after the Date of Grant, or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information contained in this Appendix 1 may not apply to the Participant. 

EUROPEAN UNION EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA SWITZERLAND UNITED KINGDOM 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Data Privacy . If the Participant is employed in the European Union EU ), the European Economic Area, Switzerland or the United Kingdom (collectively, EEA+ ), the following provision replaces Section 16 of the Agreement 
 The Company is located at 14 Schoolhouse Road, Somerset, New Jersey 08873, USA and grants employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries or Affiliates the opportunity to participate in the Plan, at the Company s sole discretion. If the Participant would like to participate in the Plan, the Participant understands that the Participant should review the following information about the Company s data processing practices. The Company s representative in the EU is 
 
 Catalent Pharma Solutions GmbH 
 Riedstrasse 1 
 Cham, Switzerland CH-6330 
 +41 41 747 4250 
 Privacy Catalent.com 
 (a) Data Collection and Usage . Pursuant to applicable data protection laws, the Participant is hereby notified that the Company collects, processes, uses, and transfers certain personally identifiable information about the Participant for the exclusive legitimate purpose of implementing, administering, and managing the Plan and generally administering employee equity awards, specifically, the Participant s name, home address and telephone number, e-mail address, date of birth, social insurance number, passport or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any equity or directorships held in the Company and any Affiliate or Subsidiary, and details of all Performance Share Units or any other entitlement to shares of stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested, or outstanding in the Participant s favor, which the Company receives from the Participant or the Service Recipient Personal Data ). In order to facilitate Participant s participation in the Plan, the Company will collect, process, use, and transfer the Participant s Personal Data for purposes of allocating shares of Common Stock and implementing, administering, and managing the Plan. The Company s collection, processing, use, and transfer of the Participant s Personal Data is necessary for the performance of the Plan and pursuant to the Company s legitimate business interests of managing the Plan and generally administering employee equity awards. The Participant s refusal to provide Personal Data would make it impossible for the Company to perform its contractual obligations and may affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. As such, by participating in the Plan, Participant voluntarily acknowledges the collection, use, processing, and transfer of Participant s Personal Data as described herein. 
 (b) Stock Plan Administration Service Providers . The Company transfers participant data to Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, an independent service provider based in the United States, which assists the Company with the implementation, administration, and management of the Plan. In the future, the Company may select a different service provider and share the Participant s data with another company that serves in a similar manner. The Company s service provider will open an account for the Participant to receive and trade shares of Common Stock. The Participant s Personal Data will only be accessible by those individuals requiring access to it for purposes of implementing, administering, and operating the Plan. 
 (c) International Data Transfers . The Company and its service providers operate, relevant to the Company, in the United States, which means that it will be necessary for Personal Data to be transferred to, and processed in, the United States. By participating in the Plan, the Participant understands that the service providers will receive, possess, use, retain, and transfer the Participant s Personal Data for the purposes of implementing, administering, and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. When transferring the Participant s Personal Data to these service providers, the Company provides appropriate safeguards in accordance with the EU Standard Contractual Clauses. The Participant may request a copy of the safeguards used to protect the Participant s Personal Data by contacting Privacy Catalent.com. 
 App.1-2 

(d) Data Subject Rights . To the extent provided by law, the Participant has the right to request access to Personal Data, rectification of Personal Data, erasure of Personal Data, restriction of processing of Personal Data, and portability of Personal Data. The Participant may also have the right to object, on grounds related to a particular situation, to the processing of Personal Data, as well as opt-out of the Plan herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing Privacy Catalent.com. The Participant s provision of Personal Data is a contractual requirement. The Participant understands, however, that the only consequence of refusing to provide Personal Data is that the Company may not be able to allow the Participant to participate in the Plan or grant other equity awards to the Participant or administer or maintain such awards. For more information on the consequences of the refusal to provide Personal Data, the Participant may contact Privacy Catalent.com. The Participant may also have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection supervisory authority. 
 (e) Data Retention . The Company will use the Participant s Personal Data only as long as is necessary to implement, administer, and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan or as required to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including under tax and security laws. When the Company no longer needs the Participant s Personal Data, which will generally be seven (7) years after the Participant participates in the Plan, the Company will remove it from it from its systems. If the Company keeps data longer, it would be to satisfy legal or regulatory obligations and the Company s legal basis would be relevant laws or regulations. 
 ARGENTINA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Acknowledgment of Nature of Plan and Performance Share Units . The following provision supplements the Nature of Grant paragraph of the Agreement 
 In accepting the grant of the Performance Share Units, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that the grant of the Performance Share Units is made by the Company (not the Service Recipient) in its sole discretion and that the value of any Performance Share Units or shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan shall not constitute salary or wages for any purpose under Argentine labor law, including the calculation of (i) any labor benefits including, but not limited to, vacation pay, thirteenth salary, compensation in lieu of notice, annual bonus, disability, and leave of absence payments, or (ii) any termination or severance indemnities. 
 If, notwithstanding the foregoing, any benefits under the Plan are considered for purposes of calculating any termination or severance indemnities, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that such benefits shall not accrue more frequently than on an annual basis. 
 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . Neither the Performance Share Units nor the underlying shares of Common Stock are publicly offered or listed on any stock exchange in Argentina. 
 Personal Assets Tax Information . The Participant may be subject to a personal assets tax depending on the value of Participant s computable assets per year (including any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan). The rules for determining the Participant s personal assets tax liability, if any, are complex, and the Participant is advised to speak with Participant s personal tax advisor to determine the Participant s obligations with respect to the personal assets tax. 
 Bank Tax Information . The Tax on Checking Accounts Bank Tax is imposed on funds transferred to or from bank accounts in Argentina. It is possible that the Bank Tax may apply to payments made to the Participant s bank account in relation to the sale of any shares of Common Stock acquired upon vesting of the Performance Share Units and or the receipt of any cash dividends paid with respect to shares of Common Stock, although there are some limited exemptions from the Bank Tax. The Participant should speak with Participant s personal tax advisor to determine Participant s obligations with respect to the Bank Tax and whether the Participant may be eligible for an exemption from the Bank Tax. 
 App.1-3 

Exchange Control Information . Certain restrictions and requirements may apply if and when the Participant transfers proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock or any cash dividends paid with respect to such shares of Common Stock into Argentina. 
 Please note that exchange control regulations in Argentina are subject to change. The Participant should speak with Participant s personal legal advisor regarding any exchange control obligations that the Participant may have prior to vesting in the Performance Share Units or remitting funds into Argentina, as the Participant is responsible for complying with applicable exchange control laws. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . The Participant must report any share of Common Stock acquired under the Plan and held by the Participant on December 31 st of each year on the Participant s annual tax return for that year. The Participant is strongly advised to consult the Participant s personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with this tax reporting obligation. 
 
 AUSTRIA 
 Notifications 
 
 Exchange Control Information . If the Participant holds securities (including shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan) or cash (including proceeds from the sale of shares) outside of Austria, the Participant may be subject to reporting obligations to the Austrian National Bank. If the value of the shares of Common Stock meets or exceeds a certain threshold, the Participant must report the securities held on a quarterly basis to the Austrian National Bank as of the last day of the quarter, on or before the 15th day of the month following the end of the calendar quarter. In all other cases, an annual reporting obligation applies and the report has to be filed as of December 31 on or before January 31 of the following year using the form P2. Where the cash amounts held outside of Austria meets or exceeds a certain threshold, monthly reporting obligations apply as explained in the next paragraph. 
 
 If the Participant sells shares of Common Stock, or receives other cash payments in connection with the Plan, the Participant may have exchange control obligations if the Participant holds the cash amounts outside of Austria. If the transaction volume of all of the Participant's accounts abroad meets or exceeds a certain threshold, the Participant must report to the Austrian National Bank the movements and balances of all accounts on a monthly basis, as of the last day of the month, on or before the 15th day of the following month, on the prescribed form Meldungen SI-Forderungen und oder SI-Verpflichtungen ). 
 BELGIUM 
 Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . The Participant is required to report any security or bank account (including a brokerage account) opened and maintained outside Belgium on Participant s annual tax return. In a separate report, the Participant must provide the National Bank of Belgium with certain details regarding such foreign accounts (including the account number, bank name and country in which such account was opened). This report, as well as additional information on how to complete it, can be found on the website of the National Bank of Belgium at www.nbe.be, under the Kredietcentrales Centrales des cr dits caption. 
 Stock Exchange Tax Information . A stock exchange tax applies to transactions executed by a Belgium resident through a non-Belgian financial intermediary. The stock exchange tax likely will apply when shares of Common Stock are sold. The Participant is responsible for paying and reporting the stock exchange tax due on the sales transaction and should consult with the Participant s tax advisor for details on the applicability of this tax. 
 Annual Securities Account Tax Information. A new annual securities accounts tax has been implemented, which imposes a 0.15 annual tax on the value of qualifying securities held in a Belgian or foreign securities account. The tax will not apply unless the total value of securities the Participant holds in such an account exceeds an average of 1 million on four reference dates within the relevant reporting period (i.e., December 31, March 31, June 30 and September 30). Different payment obligations may apply, depending on whether the securities account is held with a Belgian or foreign financial institution. 
 App.1-4 

The Participant should consult his her personal tax advisor for more information regarding the Participant's annual securities accounts tax payment obligations. 
 BRAZIL 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Nature of Grant . The following provisions supplement Section 14 of the Agreement 
 In accepting the Performance Share Units, the Participant agrees that (i) Participant is making an investment decision, (i) the shares of Common Stock will be issued to the Participant only if the vesting conditions are met, and any necessary service is rendered by the Participant over the Restricted Period, and (iii) the value of the underlying shares of Common Stock is not fixed and may increase or decrease in value over the Restricted Period without compensation to the Participant. 
 The Participant agrees, for all legal purposes, (a) the benefits provided under the Agreement and the Plan are the result of commercial transactions unrelated to the Participant s service relationship with the Service Recipient (b) the Agreement and the Plan are not a part of the terms and conditions of the Participant s service relationship with the Service Recipient and (c) the income from the Performance Share Units, if any, is not part of the Participant s remuneration from service for the Service Recipient. 
 Compliance with Law . By accepting the Performance Share Units, the Participant acknowledges Participant s agreement to comply with applicable Brazilian laws and to pay any and all applicable Tax-Related Items associated with the Performance Share Units, the receipt of any dividend, and the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan. 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Notification . Brazilian residents and persons domiciled in Brazil are required to submit an annual declaration of assets and rights held outside of Brazil to the Central Bank of Brazil if the aggregate value of such assets and rights is equal to or greater than US 1,000,000. Quarterly reporting is required if such value exceeds US 100,000,000. The assets and rights that must be reported include shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan and may include the Performance Share Units. The thresholds are subject to change annually. 
 Tax on Financial Transaction (IOF) . Repatriation of funds into Brazil and the conversion between Brazilian Real and United States Dollars associated with such fund transfers may be subject to the Tax on Financial Transactions. It is the Participant's responsibility to comply with any applicable Tax on Financial Transactions arising from the Participant's participation in the Plan. The Participant should consult with his her personal tax advisor for additional details. 
 CANADA 
 Terms and Conditions . The following terms and conditions apply if the Participant resides in Quebec 
 Data Privacy. The following provision supplements Section 16 of the Agreement 
 The Participant hereby authorizes the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan. The Participant further authorizes the Company and its Affiliates and Subsidiaries, and any designated broker that may be selected by the Company, to assist with the Plan to disclose and discuss the Plan with their respective advisors. The Participant further authorizes the Company and its Subsidiaries to record such information and to keep such information in Participant s employee file. The Participant also acknowledges and agrees that the Participant s personal information, including any sensitive personal information, may be transferred or disclosed outside the province of Quebec, including to the U.S. If applicable, the Participant also acknowledges and authorizes the Company, its Subsidiaries and Affiliates, and any stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company to assist with the Plan to use technology for profiling purposes and to make automated decisions that may have an impact on the Participant or the administration of the Plan. 
 Notifications 
 App.1-5 

Securities Law Information . The Participant is permitted to sell shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan through the Company s designated broker, provided the resale of such shares of Common Stock takes place outside of Canada through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the shares of Common Stock are listed. The shares of Common Stock are currently listed on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . Foreign property, including Performance Share Units, shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, and other rights to receive shares of Common Stock of a non-Canadian company held by a Canadian resident must generally be reported annually on a Form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) if the total cost of the foreign property exceeds C 100,000 at any time during the year. Thus, unvested Performance Share Units must be reported generally at a nil cost if the C 100,000 cost threshold is exceeded because the Participant holds other foreign property. When shares of Common Stock are acquired, their cost generally is the adjusted cost base ACB of the shares of Common Stock. The ACB would ordinarily equal the fair market value of the shares of Common Stock at the time of acquisition, but if the Participant owns other shares of Common Stock of the same company, this ACB may need to be averaged with the ACB of the other shares of Common Stock. The Participant should consult Participant s personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting obligations. 
 CHINA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 The following terms and conditions will be applicable to the Participant to the extent that the Company, in its discretion, determines that the Participant s participation in the Plan will be subject to exchange control restrictions in the People s Republic of China PRC ), as implemented by the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE ). 
 Settlement of Vested Performance Share Units . This provision replaces Section 5 of the Agreement 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or the Agreement, the Performance Share Units do not provide the Participant with any right to receive shares of Common Stock. Upon vesting, the Performance Share Units shall be settled and paid only in cash through local payroll in an amount equal to the fair market value of the shares of Common Stock at vesting less any Tax-Related Items. The Participant agrees to bear any currency fluctuation risk between the time the Performance Share Units vest and the time the cash payment is distributed to the Participant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company reserves the right to settle the Performance Share Units in shares of Common Stock, in its discretion. 
 FRANCE 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Type of Performance Share Units . The Performance Share Units are not granted as French-qualified awards and are not intended to qualify for the special tax and social security treatment applicable to shares granted for no consideration under Sections L. 225-197 to L. 225-197-6 of the French Commercial Code, as amended. 
 Consent to Receive Information in English . By accepting the Performance Share Units, the Participant confirms having read and understood the documents related to the Performance Share Units (the Plan and the Agreement) which were provided in the English language. The Participant accepts the terms of these documents accordingly. 
 Consentement Relatif l'Utilisation de la Langue Anglaise . En acceptant l Attribution, le Participant confirme avoir lu et compris les documents relatifs cette Attribution (le Plan et le Contrat d'Attribution) qui ont t remis en langue anglaise. Le Participant accepte les termes de ces documents en cons quence. 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information . The Participant must declare to the customs and excise authorities any cash or securities the Participant imports or exports without the use of a financial institution when the value of the cash or securities is equal to or exceeds 10,000 for 2020. The declaration must be filed with 
 App.1-6 

the local customs service of the frontier where the cash or securities are imported or exported. The filing must be executed by the person who completes the transaction. It is the Participant s obligation to comply with the exchange controls applicable to the Participant, not the Company s or the Service Recipient s. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . The Participant is required to report all foreign accounts (whether open, current, or closed) to the French tax authorities when filing Participant s annual tax return. Additional monthly reporting obligations may apply if the Participant's foreign account balances exceed a certain threshold. Failure to complete these reports trigger penalties for the French resident Participant. The Participant should consult Participant s personal legal advisor regarding the details of this reporting obligation. 
 GERMANY 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information . Cross-border payments in excess of 12,500 must be reported electronically to the German Federal Bank (Bundesbank) . In the case of payments made or received in connection with securities (including proceeds realized upon the sale of shares of Common Stock or the receipt of dividends), the report must be made by the 5 th day of the month following the month in which the payment was made or received. The form of the report Allgemeine Meldeportal Statistik can be accessed via the Bundesbank s website (www.bundesbank.de) and is available in both German and English. In addition, the Participant may be required to report the acquisition of shares of Common Stock under the Plan to the Bundesbank via email or telephone if the value of the shares acquired exceeds 12,500. The Participant understands that if the Participant makes or receives a payment in excess of this amount, the Participant is responsible for complying with applicable reporting requirements. The Participant should consult his her personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable reporting requirements. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . If the acquisition of shares of Common Stock under the Plan leads to a qualified participation at any point during the calendar year, the Participant will need to report the acquisition of shares of Common Stock when the Participant files his or her tax return for the relevant year. A qualified participation is attained if (i) the value of the shares of Common Stock acquired exceeds 150,000 or (ii) the shares of Common Stock exceed 10 of the Company s total shares of Common Stock. However, if the shares of Common Stock are listed on a recognized U.S. stock exchange (as is currently the case) and the Participant owns less than 1 of the Company, this requirement will not apply to the Participant. The Participant should consult with his or her personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting obligations. 
 
 IRELAND 
 Notifications 
 Director Notification Obligation . If the Participant is or becomes a director or secretary of a Subsidiary or Affiliate in Ireland with aggregate shareholding interests exceeding 1 of the Company s voting rights, the Participant must notify the Irish Subsidiary or Affiliate in writing if the Participant receives or disposes of an interest (e.g., the Award, shares of Common Stock) in the Company. This notification requirement also applies to a shadow director of the Irish Subsidiary or Affiliate i.e. , an individual who is not on the board of directors of the Irish Subsidiary or Affiliate but who has sufficient control so that the board of directors of the Irish Subsidiary or Affiliate acts in accordance with the directions or instructions of the individual) and with respect to the interests of a spouse or minor children (whose interests will be attributed to the director, shadow director or secretary). 
 ITALY 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Plan Document Acknowledgement . By accepting the Performance Share Units, the Participant acknowledges that (a) the Participant has received the Plan and the Agreement (b) the Participant has reviewed those documents in their entirety and fully understands the contents thereof and (c) the Participant accepts all provisions of the Plan and the Agreement. The Participant further acknowledges 
 App.1-7 

that the Participant has read and specifically and expressly approves, without limitation, the following sections of the Agreement Treatment on Termination Non-Transferability Repayment of Proceeds Clawback Policy Restrictive Covenants Tax Withholding No Right to Continued Employment Nature of Grant No Advice Regarding Grant Data Privacy as replaced by the above provision Waiver and Amendments Governing Law Venue Electronic Delivery and Acceptance Imposition of Other Requirements Language and Appendix. 
 Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . If, at any time during the fiscal year, the Participant holds foreign financial assets (including cash and or shares of Common Stock) which may generate income taxable in Italy, the Participant is required to report these assets on Participant s annual tax return (UNICO Form, RW Schedule) for the year during which the assets are held, or on a special form if no tax return is due. These reporting obligations will also apply to the Participant if the Participant is the beneficial owner of foreign financial assets under Italian money laundering provisions. 
 Foreign Asset Tax Information . The value of any shares of Common Stock (and certain other foreign assets) the Participant holds outside of Italy will be subject to a foreign financial assets tax. The taxable amount is equal to the fair market value of the shares of Common Stock on December 31 or on the last day the shares of Common Stock were held (in such case, or when the shares of Common Stock are acquired during the course of the year, the tax is levied in proportion to the number of days the shares of Common Stock were held over the calendar year). No payment obligation arises, if the amount of the foreign financial assets tax calculated on all financial assets held abroad does not exceed a minimum threshold. If the Participant is subject to this foreign financial assets tax, the Participant will need to report the value of his or her financial assets held abroad in Form RM of his or her annual tax return. This foreign financial assets tax will not apply to the Performance Share Unit since it is non-transferable. The Participant should contact his or her personal tax advisor for additional information about the foreign financial assets tax. 
 JAPAN 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information. Japanese residents acquiring shares of Common Stock valued at more than JPY 100,000,000 in a single transaction must file a Securities Acquisition Report with the Ministry of Finance MOF through the Bank of Japan within twenty (20) days of the acquisition of the shares. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . If the Participant holds assets (e.g., shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock, and, possibly, Performance Share Units) outside of Japan with a value exceeding 50,000,000 as of December 31 of any calendar year, the Participant is required to report such to the Japanese tax authorities by March 15th of the following year. The Participant should consult with Participant s personal tax advisor regarding the details of this reporting obligation . 
 NETHERLANDS 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 NORWAY 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 SINGAPORE 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . The Performance Share Units are granted pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA ). The Plan has not been lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. The Participant should note that the Performance Share Units are subject to section 257 of the SFA and the Participant will not be able to make (i) any subsequent sale of the shares of Common Stock 
 App.1-8 

in Singapore or (ii) any offer of such subsequent sale of the shares of Common Stock in Singapore, unless such sale or offer is made (i) after six months from the Date of Grant, or (ii) pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division 1 Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) or pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provisions of the SFA. 
 Director Notification Requirement . If the Participant is a director, associate director, or shadow director 1 of a Singaporean Affiliate or Subsidiary (a Singaporean Entity ), the Participant is subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify the Singaporean Entity in writing when the Participant receives or disposes of an interest (e.g., Performance Share Units, shares of Common Stock) in the Company or any related company. These notifications must be made within two business days of (i) its acquisition or disposal of any interest in the Company or any related company, (ii) any change in a previously disclosed interest (e.g., when the shares of Common Stock are sold), or (iii) becoming a director, associate director, or shadow director (if such an interest exists at the time). 
 Exit Tax Information . If the Participant is (i) neither a Singapore citizen nor a Singapore permanent resident, and the Participant (a) intends to leave Singapore for any period exceeding three months, (b) will be posted overseas on a secondment, or (c) is about to cease employment with the Singaporean Entity with which the Participant was employed at the time of grant, regardless of whether the Participant intends to remain in Singapore, or (ii) a Singapore permanent resident, and the Participant (a) intends to leave Singapore for any period exceeding three months, (b) will be posted overseas on a secondment or (c) is about to cease employment with the Singaporean Entity with which the Participant was employed at the time of grant and intends to leave Singapore on a permanent basis, the Participant may be subject to an exit tax upon Participant s departure from Singapore or cessation of employment, as applicable. In such case, the Participant will be taxed on the Participant s Performance Share Units on a deemed vesting basis, i.e., the Participant will be deemed to have vested in Participant s Performance Share Units on the later of (i) one month before the date Participant departs Singapore or ceases employment, or (ii) the date on which the Participant s Performance Share Units were granted. If the Participant is subject to the exit tax, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Service Recipient will report details of Participant s departure from Singapore or cessation of employment to the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore and will withhold any income payable to the Participant for a period of up to 30 days. The Participant is hereby advised to consult with a personal tax advisor in the event the Participant may be subject to these exit tax rules. 
 SWEDEN 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 SWITZERLAND 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the Performance Share Units (i) constitute a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA ), (ii) may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an employee of the Company or (iii) has been or will be filed with, or approved or supervised by, any Swiss reviewing body according to article 51 FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority, including the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority. 
 UNITED KINGDOM 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Form of Settlement . Notwithstanding any discretion contained in the Plan or anything to the contrary in the Agreement, the Performance Share Units are payable in shares of Common Stock only. 
 
 1 A shadow director is an individual who is not on the board of directors of a company but who has sufficient control so that the board of directors acts in accordance with the directions or instructions of the individual. 
 App.1-9 

Tax Withholding . The following provisions supplement Section 11 of the Agreement 
 Without limitation to Section 11 of the Agreement, the Participant agrees that the Participant is liable for all Tax-Related Items and hereby covenants to pay all such Tax-Related Items as and when requested by the Service Recipient or the Company or by Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). The Participant also agrees to indemnify and keep indemnified the Service Recipient and the Company against any Tax-Related Items that they are required to pay or withhold or have paid or will pay to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority) on the Participant s behalf. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant is a director or executive officer of the Company (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act), the terms of the immediately foregoing provision will not apply. In the event that the Participant is a director or executive officer of the Company and the income tax is not collected from or paid by the Participant within ninety (90) days of the end of the U.K. tax year in which an event giving rise to the indemnification described above occurs, the amount of any uncollected income tax may constitute a benefit to the Participant on which additional income tax and National Insurance contributions NICs may be payable. The Participant will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for paying to the Company and or the Service Recipient (as appropriate) the amount of any employee NICs due on this additional benefit. 
 U.K. Sub-Plan . The Participant understands and agrees that the Performance Share Units are granted under and subject to the terms of the Sub-Plan for U.K. Employees. 
 
 URUGUAY 
 Data Privacy Acknowledgement . This provision supplements Section 16 of the Agreement 
 The Participant understands that Data will be collected by the Service Recipient and will be transferred to the Company at 14 Schoolhouse Road, Somerset, New Jersey 08873, USA and or any financial institutions or brokers involved in the management and administration of the Plan. The Participant further understands that any of these entities may store Data for purposes of administering the Participant's participation in the Plan. 
 App.1-10 

</EX-10.6 4>

<EX-10.9>
 6
 catalent-2023630xex109.htm
 EX-10.9

Document 
 Exhibit 10.9 

DATE 
 
 Executive Name 
 Executive Home Address 

Re Severance Benefits 
 
 Dear first name , 
 
 This letter will memorialize the severance payments and benefits to which you will be entitled if your employment with Catalent Pharma Solutions, LLC (the Company ceases under specified circumstances. This letter is effective as of DATE , the date of your promotion commencement of employment . 
 
 Specifically, if you separate from employment with the Company because (i) you are involuntarily terminated by the Company for a reason other than Cause (as defined below), (ii) you die or become Disabled (as defined below), or (iii) you resign from your position with the Company for Good Reason (as defined and in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth below), you will receive the following severance payments and benefits on account of such separation (subject to applicable withholdings and deductions , as well as the terms and conditions of payment provided below 
 
 (a) A severance payment equal to the sum of your annual base salary and target annual cash bonus, payable in equal installments over the one (1) year period following the date of your termination of employment (the Severance Period ), consistent with the normal payroll practices of the Company provided, however , in the event you are involuntarily terminated by the Company for a reason other than Cause or you resign from your position with the Company for Good Reason during the period commencing on the date of the consummation of a Change in Control (as defined below) and ending on the date that is eighteen (18) months following the consummation of such Change in Control, the severance payment shall be equal to two (2) one-and-a-half (1.5) one (1) times the sum of your annual base salary and target annual cash bonus, payable in equal installments over the Severance Period and 
 
 (b) If you elect COBRA continuation coverage, you will continue to receive the group health benefits coverage in effect on your termination date (or generally comparable coverage) for yourself and, where applicable, your spouse and eligible dependents (to the extent they were receiving such coverage as of the termination date), at the same premium rates as may be charged from time to time for employees of the Company generally, which coverage shall be provided until the earliest to occur of (x) the expiration of the Severance Period, (y) the date you are or become eligible for coverage under group health plan(s) of any other employer, and (z) the date you are no longer eligible for COBRA continuation coverage. Such continued coverage shall run concurrently with any available COBRA coverage. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, if the Company determines, in its reasonable judgment, that providing group health benefits in accordance with the preceding provisions of this paragraph would result in a violation of applicable law, the imposition of any penalty under applicable law, or adverse tax consequences for any participant covered by the Company s group health benefits plans, the Company may terminate such coverage (or reimbursement) and instead pay you taxable cash payments at the same time and in the same amounts as you would be required to pay as premiums to obtain such coverage. 

Exhibit 10.9 

These severance payments and benefits are conditioned on you signing and not revoking the Company s standard form of release of claims used with Company executives generally (the Release within sixty days of your termination of employment. The first such payment shall begin on the first payroll date following the date you have executed and returned the Release and such Release is no longer subject to revocation provided further that, if required to avoid additional taxes or penalties under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, Section 409A ), if the period to return the Release begins in one taxable year and ends in a subsequent taxable year, payment will not commence until the subsequent taxable year, and in all cases the first such payment shall include any amount that would otherwise have been paid between the date of your termination of employment and the first such payment 
 
 In addition, your entitlement to the severance payments and benefits are conditioned on your compliance with (a) the non-competition and non-solicitation provisions in each equity grant agreement you execute or have executed in connection with your employment or your compensation as a Catalent employee and (b) the confidentiality obligations imposed on you by our Standards of Business Conduct and each equity grant agreement you execute or have executed in connection with your employment or your compensation as a Catalent employee. You acknowledge that neither your employment nor any termination of employment has created or will create any entitlement to these severance payments and benefits other than as set forth in this letter. 
 
 For purposes of this letter, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 Cause means (i) your willful failure to perform your duties, which failure is not cured within fifteen (15) days following written notice from the Company (ii) your conviction or confessing to or becoming subject to proceedings that provide a reasonable basis for the Company to believe that you have engaged in a (x) felony, (y) crime involving dishonesty, or (z) crime (A) involving moral turpitude and (B) demonstrably injurious to the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates (iii) your willful malfeasance or misconduct that is demonstrably injurious to the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates or (iv) material breach by you of any non-competition, non-solicitation or confidentiality obligation in any agreement you execute or have executed in connection with your employment or your compensation as a Catalent employee. For purposes of this definition, no act or failure to act will be deemed willful unless effected by you not in good faith. 
 Change in Control has the meaning set forth in the Catalent, Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as may be amended or modified from time to time (or any successor plan) provided, however , that, if required to avoid additional taxes under Section 409A, in order to be a Change in Control, the transaction must also be a change in ownership or effective control or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets under Section 409A). 
 Disabled means you become permanently disabled and as a consequence become entitled to receive benefits under the Company's then-current long-term disability insurance program provided, however , that, if required to avoid additional taxes under Section 409A, you must also be considered disabled under Section 409A). 
 Good Reason means, without your consent (i) a substantial diminution in your position or duties, adverse change in reporting lines, up and down, or assignment of duties materially inconsistent with your position (ii) a material reduction in your base salary (iii) failure of the Company to pay you compensation or benefits when due (iv) the Company s failure to provide you with an annual bonus opportunity that is at the same level as established in your offer letter, or any subsequent increase thereof or (v) you are required to move your principal business location more than fifty (50) miles in each case, provided that (A) you have given written notice to the Company (which such notice shall describe in reasonable detail the conduct you believe constitutes Good Reason) within sixty (60) days following the occurrence of the event(s) that constitute Good Reason, (B) the Company shall have thirty (30) days to cure such events, and (C) to the extent the Company fails to cure such event within the thirty (30) day cure period, you terminate employment within thirty (30) days after the end of such cure period. 

Exhibit 10.9 

Please note that, with respect to your outstanding equity rights at the time of your termination of employment, your individual grant agreement(s) and the related equity documents set forth the consequences of your termination of employment on such equity rights. 
 
 The Company makes no representation regarding the tax implications of the compensation and benefits paid to you hereunder, including, without limitation, the implications under Section 409A. It is intended that this letter and the payments and benefits hereunder will either comply with or be exempt from Section 409A to the extent applicable, and the letter shall be interpreted on a basis consistent with such intent. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, you are solely responsible for, and neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries or affiliates shall have any liability for, any additional tax, interest, or penalty that may be imposed on you under Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything in this letter to the contrary, in the event that you are deemed to be a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i), no payment hereunder that constitutes deferred compensation subject to Section 409A shall, to the extent required to avoid additional taxes under Section 409A, be made to you prior to the date that is six (6) months after the date of your separation from service (as defined in Section 409A) or, if earlier, your death. Following any applicable six (6) month delay, all such delayed payments will be paid in a single lump sum on the earliest permissible payment date. For purposes hereof, (A) with respect to payments of any amount that is considered to be deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, references to termination of employment (and substantially similar phrases) shall refer to a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A and (B) your right to receive any installment payment will be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the payments and benefits to be provided to you by the Company (or its subsidiaries or affiliates), whether or not provided hereunder, either alone or together with any other payment or benefit you have a right to receive, would constitute a parachute payment under Section 280G of the Code and but for this paragraph would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), then any such payment or benefit to be provided by the Company (or its subsidiaries or affiliates) shall equal either (i) the largest portion of the payments and benefits that would result in no portion of the payments and benefits being subject to the Excise Tax (the Reduced Amount or (ii) the full amount of all such payments and benefits, whichever amount, after taking into account all applicable federal, state, and local employment taxes, income taxes and the Excise Tax (all computed at the highest applicable marginal rate), results in your receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater amount of the payments and benefits, notwithstanding that all or some portion of the payments and benefits may be subject to the Excise Tax. If a reduction in payments and benefits constituting parachute payments is necessary so that the payments and benefits equal the Reduced Amount, the reduction of such payments and or benefits, if applicable, shall be made as follows, in each case with payments and benefits with a higher parachute payment value for purposes of section 280G reduced before payments with a lower value (i) reduction of payments hereunder, (ii) reduction of vesting acceleration of equity awards and (iii) reduction of other cash payments. No such reduction shall be made if and to the extent it would result in additional taxes under Section 409A. Any such determination shall be made by a nationally accredited accounting firm chosen by the Company (with the fees and expenses of such firm to be borne by the Company). The determination of the accounting firm shall be binding upon the Company and you. 
 
 Your agreement to the terms of this letter supersedes any other oral or written agreement or understanding you may have with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates (including any predecessor entity) regarding your eligibility for severance payments and benefits. 
 
 This letter will be subject to the internal substantive laws, and not the choice of law rules, of the State of New Jersey. 

Exhibit 10.9 

 Please sign below your agreement to the terms of this letter. This letter may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. Notice under this agreement may be sent to you at any then-current personal physical or email address of yours on file with the Company, and notice to us to attention of the CEO at the Company s principal address. 
 
 If you have any question regarding these severance payments and benefits, please feel free to contact me. 
 
 Sincerely yours, 

_______________________________ 
 Lisa Evoli 
 Senior VP & Chief HR Officer 

By signing below, I hereby agree to the terms and conditions of this letter. 

_______________________ _______________________ 
 Executive Name Date 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.9 1>
 7
 catalent-2023630xex1091.htm
 EX-10.9 1

Document 
 Exhibit 10.9.1 

Date 
 
 Executive Name 
 Address 

Re Severance Benefits 
 
 Dear name 
 
 This letter will memorialize the severance payments and benefits to which you will be entitled if your employment with Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc. or its subsidiaries (the Company ceases under specified circumstances and provided certain conditions set forth herein are satisfied. This letter is effective as of DATE , the date of your promotion commencement of employment . 
 
 To the extent permitted by applicable local law, the Company intends that the total amount and terms of your separation benefits (from all sources) equal those of all similarly situated members of the Company s Executive Leadership Team ELT ). The contractual severance payment and benefits set forth in this letter (your ELT Severance Benefits are deemed to include any notice periods (whether paid in lieu or served), severance, redundancy payments, and other separation benefits that you may otherwise be entitled to upon termination of your employment under any statute, local law, practice, plan, policy, collective bargaining agreement, works council agreement, contract, or agreement (collectively, Mandatory Benefits ), in as far as your ELT Severance Benefits exceed such Mandatory Benefits. As such, to the extent that you are eligible for separation payments or benefits, including Mandatory Benefits, other than those set forth in this letter, the separation payments and benefits provided under this letter shall be reduced offset by a corresponding amount of such other payments and benefits. For the avoidance of doubt, this means that your entitlement to separation payments and benefits will always be capped at the higher of (a) the ELT Severance Benefits or (b) the aggregate amount of the Mandatory Benefits, if any. 
 
 Specifically, if you separate from employment with the Company because (i) you are involuntarily terminated by the Company for a reason other than Cause (as defined below), (ii) you die or become Disabled (as defined below), or (iii) you resign from your position with the Company for Good Reason (as defined and in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth below), you will be eligible for the following ELT Severance Benefits, reduced offset as set forth above, provided you meet the requirements below 
 
 (a) A severance payment equal to the sum of your annual base salary and target annual cash bonus, payable in equal installments over the one (1) year period following the date of your termination of employment (the Severance Period ), consistent with the normal payroll practices of the Company provided, however , in the event you are involuntarily terminated by the Company for a reason other than Cause or you resign from your position with the Company for Good Reason during the period commencing on the date of the consummation of a Change in Control (as defined below) and ending on the date that is eighteen (18) months following the consummation of such Change in Control, the severance payment shall be equal to two (2) one-and-a-half (1.5) one (1) times the sum of your annual base salary and target annual cash bonus, payable in equal installments over the Severance Period and 

Exhibit 10.9.1 

 (b) To the extent permissible under the Company s benefit plans and local applicable law, you will continue to receive the group health benefits coverage in effect on your termination date (or generally comparable coverage) for yourself and, where applicable, your spouse and eligible dependents (to the extent they were receiving such coverage as of your termination date), at the same premium rates as may be charged from time to time for employees of the Company generally, which coverage shall be provided until the earliest to occur of (x) the expiration of the Severance Period, (y) the date you are or become eligible for coverage under group health plan(s) of any other employer, or (z) such benefits can no longer be provided by applicable local law. 
 
 The ELT Severance Benefits are conditioned on you timely signing and not revoking the Company s standard mutual separation agreement or settlement agreement, as applicable, which includes a release of any claims you may have against the Company in the form provided by the Company. In addition, your entitlement to the severance payments and benefits are conditioned on your compliance with (a) the restrictive covenants set forth in each agreement, including each equity grant agreement, you execute or have executed in connection with your employment with or your compensation from the Company, (b) the confidentiality obligations imposed on you by our Standards of Business Conduct and by each agreement governing confidentiality of information, including but not limited to each equity grant agreement, you execute or have executed in connection with your employment with or your compensation from the Company, and (c) your resignation from any director and officer positions you hold with the Company, if any. 
 
 For purposes of this letter, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 a. Cause means (i) your willful failure to perform your duties, which failure is not cured within fifteen (15) days following written notice from the Company (ii) your conviction or confessing to or becoming subject to proceedings that provide a reasonable basis for the Company to believe that you have engaged in a (x) felony or comparable crime under applicable law, (y) crime involving dishonesty, deceit or fraud, including, without limitation, misappropriation of funds or property of the Company, or (z) crime (A) involving moral turpitude and (B) demonstrably injurious to the Company (iii) your willful malfeasance or misconduct that is demonstrably injurious to the Company (iv) breach by you of the material terms of any non-competition, non-solicitation or confidentiality provisions or (v) any other justified grounds for termination under applicable law based on your acts or omissions. For purposes of this definition, no act or failure to act will be deemed willful unless effected by you not in good faith. 
 b. Change in Control has the meaning set forth in the Catalent, Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as may be amended or modified from time to time (or any successor plan). 
 c. Disabled means you become permanently disabled and as a consequence become entitled to receive benefits under the Company's then-current long-term disability insurance program. 
 d. Good Reason means, without your consent (i) a substantial diminution in your position or duties, adverse change in reporting lines, up and down, or assignment of duties materially inconsistent with your position (ii) a material reduction in your base salary (iii) failure of the Company to pay you compensation or benefits when due (iv) the Company s failure to provide you with an annual bonus opportunity that is at the same level as established in your offer letter, or any subsequent increase thereof or (v) you are required to move your principal business location more than fifty (50) miles in each case, provided that (A) you have given written notice to the Company (which such notice shall describe in reasonable detail the conduct you believe constitutes Good Reason) within sixty (60) days following the occurrence of the event(s) that constitute Good Reason, (B) the Company shall have thirty (30) days to cure such events, and (C) to the extent the Company fails to cure such event within the thirty (30) day cure period, you terminate employment within thirty (30) days after the end of such cure period. 
 
 Please note that, with respect to your outstanding equity rights at the time of your termination of employment, your individual grant agreements and the related equity documents set forth the consequences of your termination of employment on such equity rights. 

Exhibit 10.9.1 

Nothing contained in this letter gives (or is intended to give) you the right to be retained in the service of the Company, or to interfere with the right of the Company to terminate your employment to the full extent permissible under applicable law. Except as set forth herein, all other terms and conditions of your employment shall remain the same. In case any one or more of the provisions of this letter (or part thereof) are held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect the other provisions hereof, and this letter shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions (or part thereof) never had been contained herein. 
 
 Your agreement to the terms of this letter supersedes any other oral or written agreement or understanding you may have with the Company (including any predecessor entity) regarding your eligibility for severance payments and separation benefits. In no event will you be eligible to receive any payments or benefits under this letter and duplicative payments or benefits under another plan, policy, agreement, or based on any other legal grounds. 
 
 All payments will be made less deductions and withholdings required by applicable law, including, without limitation, obligations to withhold for federal, state, provincial, foreign and local income and employment taxes and social security. 
 
 Please sign below your agreement to the terms of this letter. This letter may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. Notice under this agreement may be sent to you at any then-current personal physical or email address of yours on file with the Company, and notice to us to attention of the CEO at the Company s principal address. This letter will be governed by the laws of the jurisdiction where you are assigned to provide services. 
 
 If you have any question regarding these severance payments and benefits, please feel free to contact me. 
 
 Sincerely yours, 

_______________________________ 
 Lisa Evoli 
 Senior VP & Chief HR Officer 

By signing below, I hereby agree to the terms and conditions of this letter. 

_______________________ _______________________ 
 Executive Name Date 

</EX-10.9 1>

<EX-10.17>
 8
 catalent-2023630xex1017.htm
 EX-10.17

Document 
 
 Exhibit 10.17 

 July 1, 2022 
 Ricky Hopson 
 
 Dear Ricky 
 
 Congratulations on your promotion to President, Division Head, Clinical Development & Supply. This letter amends and restates previous offer letters and is effective July 1, 2022. 
 
 The following is important information about your new position, benefits and rewards. I encourage you to review all materials thoroughly and contact me with questions. 
 
 1. Position Your position is President Clinical Development & Supply, reporting directly to Aris Gennadios, Group President, Pharma & Consumer Health, Catalent Inc. As President Clinical Development & Supply you will continue to be a member of Catalent s Executive Leadership Team (ELT). 
 
 2. Pay Your annualized base pay will be 380,000. and paid bi-weekly. As a member of our ELT, your salary will be reviewed annually and adjusted if required based on market data. 
 
 3. Performance Your performance reviews follow the standard annual review calendar for Catalent. Annual Goal and Objectives will be set and amended by the CEO as appropriate. 
 
 4. Rewards Catalent is pleased to offer a comprehensive, competitive compensation program that rewards talented employees for their performance. 
 
 a. You will continue to be eligible for participation in our short-term incentive plan, Management Incentive Plan (MIP). Your annual target incentive will increase to 310,000 effective July 1, 2022. Your actual MIP dollar value target will be reviewed annually and adjusted in the sole discretion of the company following a review of market data. Actual annual bonus payments are determined based upon the achievement of specific financial and management agenda objectives and your achievement of your personal goals and objectives. Please note that as an ELT member, your MIP target will be a fixed dollar amount and not a percentage of base pay. 
 
 b. You will continue to be eligible for participation in our Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP). Your target LTIP grant value will increase to 350,000. Your new LTIP target will be effective with the FY23-FY25 LTIP award scheduled to be granted in July 2022. Components of the award are proportionately 50 performance share units (PSUs), 30 stock options and 20 restricted stock units (RSUs), all to be granted in accordance with Catalent s normal practices for LTIP awards to ELT members, which includes your execution of agreements with respect to each grant. Your LTIP annual grant value as well as the component mix will be reviewed annually and adjusted in the sole discretion of the company following a review of market data. Please note that as an ELT member, your LTIP target will be a fixed dollar amount and not a percentage of base pay. 
 
 5. Severance Your original separate severance agreement letter that provides you severance equal to your annual base salary and target annual MIP will continue, subject to the terms and conditions of the severance agreement. 
 
 6. Paid Time Off You remain eligible for our eight (8) paid company holidays (New Year s Day, Martin Luther King Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day and the day following, and Christmas Day). You are also eligible to receive up to 36 days of Paid 

Time Off (PTO) each calendar year. PTO includes vacation, sick and personal days, all of which need to be used during the calendar year as we do not permit carry over, unless required by the laws of the place where you are based. 
 
 7. Terms Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this offer letter, employment with Catalent is not for any definite period and is terminable, with or without notice, at the will of either you or the company at any time for any reason. There shall be no contract, express or implied, of employment. 
 
 8. Confidentiality In accepting this offer, you reaffirm your commitment and understanding that you continue to be bound by the Confidentiality and Non-Compete terms set out in previous LTIP grants made to you. 
 
 9. Ethics As a company founded on a core set of values, we expect you to continue to abide by and certify, as may be requested from time to time, your continued compliance with our Standards of Business Conduct. 
 
 Your agreement to the terms of this letter supersedes any other oral or written agreement or understanding you have with the company (including any prior offer letter with the company or any predecessor entity) regarding your eligibility for rewards and benefits. 
 
 Please sign below to indicate your agreement to the terms of this letter. 
 
 If you have any questions, please feel free to call Ricardo Pravda XXX-XXX-XXXX or Steven Fasman at XXX-XXX-XXXX. 
 
 Sincerely yours, 

s Aris Gennadios 
 Aris Gennadios 
 Group President, Pharma & Consumer Health 
 Catalent, Inc. 
 
 Copies Steven Fasman 
 Ricardo Pravda 
 
 I accept employment on the terms offered above 

s Ricky Hopson July 7, 2022 
 Ricky Hopson Date 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-10.17 1>
 9
 catalent-2023630xex10171.htm
 EX-10.17 1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 10.17.1 

 May 1 st , 2023 
 Ricky Hopson 
 Dear Ricky 
 Thank you for accepting this interim assignment crucial to the future of Catalent. Your expertise, coupled with Catalent s capabilities and collaborations with thousands of innovative pharmaceutical, biotech, and healthcare companies, will help us develop, supply, and deliver billions of doses of life-enhancing products. Attached is important information about our organization and your position, rewards, and benefits. 
 The major provisions of your offer, which is effective April 14, 2023, are 
 Position Your position will be Interim Chief Financial Officer of Catalent, Inc. the Company ), reporting to Alessandro Maselli, President and CEO. You will also serve as the Company s principal financial officer for purposes of the Company s filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. You will remain a member of Catalent s Executive Leadership Team ELT and may be asked to serve as an officer to one or more subsidiaries of the Company. 
 Compensation You will receive an additional cash stipend of 20,000 per month for the duration of your assignment. All other elements of your existing compensation will remain unchanged and will be reviewed in the ordinary course with other ELT members. 
 Rewards Except as specified herein, your existing rewards benefits package will remain unchanged. 
 Term You shall remain in this position until the Company shall appoint a permanent Chief Financial Officer. At this point, you will return to your role as President, Division Head for Clinical Development and Supply (or equivalent). Your employment status with the Company and its subsidiaries is the same. 
 Please signify your acceptance of this offer of employment by scanning emailing a signed dated copy of this offer letter to my attention. 
 If you have any questions, please call me at XXX-XXX-XXX. 
 Sincerely, 
 s Ricardo Pravda 
 Ricardo Pravda 
 I accept the above offer of employment 
 
 s Ricky Hopson June 6, 2023 Ricky Hopson Date 
 KL2 3349298.2 

- 2 - 
 KL2 3349298.2 

</EX-10.17 1>

<EX-10.17 2>
 10
 catalent-2023630xex10172.htm
 EX-10.17 2

Document 

Exhibit 10.7.2 

August 14, 2023 
 
 Dear Ricky, 
 
 To facilitate a smooth transition and assimilation of the new CFO (hired on July 5, 2023), we have extended your interim stipend allowance of 20,000 per month through August 31, 2023. 
 
 Please signify your acceptance of this adjustment to your compensation of employment by scanning emailing a signed dated copy of this offer letter to my attention. 

Sincerely, 

Lisa Evoli 
 SVP, Chief Human Resources Officer 

Cc 
 Soni Cassidy, Head of HR, Global Corp Functions 

Acknowledged s RICKY HOPSON Date Aug. 15, 2023 
 1 Page 

</EX-10.17 2>

<EX-10.18>
 11
 catalent-2023630xex1018.htm
 EX-10.18

Document 
 Exhibit 10.18 

 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 THE UNDERSIGNED 
 Catalent Pharma Solutions GmbH , having its registered office and maintaining a place of business at Riedstrasse 1 in 6330 Cham, Switzerland (the Employer ), lawfully represented by Fr deric Gilot, its Director under the Articles of Association statutair directeur 
 AND 
 Ms. M. Boerman , residing ______________ (the Employee 
 WHEREAS 
 By signing this employment contract, the Employee expressly represents that no post-restrictive covenants exist under an employment contract and or agreement between the Employee and any former employer that might preclude the performance of the contractual duties of the Employee for the Employer. 
 HAVE AGREED AS FOLLOWS 
 Article 1 Commencement, Term and Notice 
 1. The employment contract will commence January 2, 2020 and is entered into for an indefinite period of time. 
 2. The Employee may terminate the employment contract subject to 3 months notice, and the Employer may terminate the employment contract subject to 6 months notice. Notice may be given only in writing, taking effect from the end of the calendar month. 
 3. The employment contract will end in any event without notice being required on the day on which the Employee reaches state pension age. 
 Article 2 Position 
 1. The Employee will hold the position of Region President, Biologics - EU for the Employer. The job description is attached to this employment contract as Appendix 1. The Employee will report to Alessandro Maselli, President & COO Catalent Pharma Solutions. The Employer reserves the right to change the reporting line. 
 Article 3 Working Hours and Workplace 
 1. The workweek will run from Monday to Friday. The working hours amount to 40 hours a week. 
 2. The Employee covenants that, at the Employer s request, the Employee will work overtime outside the normal working hours whenever a proper performance of the duties so requires. No remuneration will be paid for overtime work. 
 3. The Employee must perform the work from a permanent home office. The home office must be furnished with the appurtenances provided by the Employer, including a desk, desk chair, and laptop with accessories. The home office set-up must satisfy the requirements of the Dutch Working Conditions Act Arbeidsomstandighedenwet and 
 KL2 3349297.2 

more specifically the provisions of the Dutch Working Conditions Decree Arbeidsomstandighedenbesluit ). The Employer will monitor this. Once the home office has been set up in accordance with the relevant requirements, the Employee may not change the home office set-up. 
 4. The Employee grants the Employer permission to enter (or arrange for a third party to enter) the private residence and home office for the purpose of inspecting the working conditions and enabling the Employer to meet its obligations. The Employer will consult with the Employee on a date and time for such a visit. The Employee must effectively grant the Employer or the occupational health and safety service Arbodienst access to the home office at a time during office hours within ten days after receiving a request to that end. 
 5. The Employer may repair, modify, replace or repossess the equipment at any time. The Employee will render every reasonable assistance to that end. The Employee will take due care of the equipment and software. The Employee will promptly notify the Employer of any problems relating to the equipment and software to enable the Employer to take adequate measures. 
 6. The Employee will not be liable for any loss of or damage to the provided equipment unless such loss or damage arises from an intentional act or omission or culpable recklessness, which also includes loss or damage caused by the Employee s failure to fulfil the relevant obligations under this employment contract or the Employee s failure to fulfil them properly and within the specified time. 
 7. The Employee undertakes to take sufficient measures to protect organisationally sensitive data at all times. This at any rate involves taking adequate measures to prevent as much sensitive information as possible from falling into the hands of third parties in the event that the equipment is stolen or lost. Highly sensitive information must be saved on the corporate network and may not be saved on a local hard disk or removable data carrier. The Employer may take disciplinary measures if the Employee fails to exercise due care in handling privacy-sensitive data or misuses such data. 
 Article 4 Compensation 
 1. The Employee will receive a gross basic monthly salary of EUR 31,250, on the basis of a 40 hour working week. The gross basic annual salary thus amounts to EUR 375,000. The salary of Employee will be reviewed on an annual basis in line with the Employee s performance. 
 2. A gross holiday allowance of 8 of the gross basic annual salary referred to in paragraph 1 of this Article is included in the gross basic monthly salary and is paid monthly. 
 3. The Employee will participate in the applicable bonus incentive plan, with an annual target incentive of EUR 300,000 gross. A copy of the scheme currently in force is attached to this employment contract as Appendix 2 and forms an integral part of the contract. The scheme is updated annually for each company fiscal year, and Appendix 2 is deemed to likewise be updated to coincide with the applicable fiscal year. The granting of the bonus is at the Employer s discretion. The Employee can in no event lay claim to a bonus that has not yet been granted. The granting of a bonus in any given year or during several years will not create a precedent for any subsequent years. The tax and social security consequences of participation in the bonus scheme will be at the Employee s expense. The Employee will receive the gross bonus on condition that the Employee is in 
 - 2 - 
 KL2 3349297.2 

the Employer s service on the date of payment of the bonus in accordance with the scheme in force. 
 Article 5 Expense Allowance 
 1. The Employer will provide Employee a company Credit Card for business purposes. 
 2. The Employer will reimburse the Employee for expenses directly related to the performance of the Employee s work, but only insofar as that reimbursement may be provided tax free and premium free pursuant to the tax and social security legislation in force at any given time. 
 3. A statement of expenses must be submitted to the Employer prior to the end of the month following the month in which the expenses were incurred. Expenses can be claimed upon submission of the original receipt, specifying the business-related reason for which they were incurred. The Employer will reimburse the expenses within one month after the Employee has claimed them, provided that the statement of expenses is sufficiently itemised, accompanied by the original receipt and approved by the Employer. 
 Article 6 Telephone 
 1. The Employer will place at the Employee s disposal a mobile phone for business purposes. 
 Article 7 Car Allowance 
 1. The Employee will be entitled to a car allowance of EUR 2,000 gross per month. This will be paid to the Employee monthly along with the salary. 
 2. The Employer will pay the Employee a travelling allowance for each business kilometre (i.e. commuting and other business-related kilometres) the Employee has travelled per month with the Employee s personal means of transport (e.g. car, motorcycle, bicycle, on foot) of EUR 0.19 based on current (2019) Dutch tax law. 
 3. The amount associated with the business kilometres will only be paid out tax-free upon receipt of a form to be completed by the Employee each month, stating the number of business kilometres the Employee has travelled, the route followed and the business destination. The Employer is entitled to unilaterally change its tax treatment of the car allowance in the event of any amendment to Dutch tax and or social security law in this respect. 
 Article 8 Pension Allowance 
 1. The Employer will not provide for any pension provision. 
 2. After 30 days after the commencement of the employment contract, Employer will provide a monthly payment in the amount of 17.5 of the Employee s most recent gross monthly base salary which may be used by the Employee for pension. This will be a gross payment. 
 Article 9 Holiday 
 1. In addition to Dutch public holidays the Employee will be entitled to 25 days holiday each calendar year, on the basis of a 40 hour working week. If the Employee performed 
 - 3 - 
 KL2 3349297.2 

work during only a part of the year, the number of days holiday will be calculated proportionately. 
 2. The Employee must timely inform the line manager, in writing, of any wishes with respect to the beginning and end of the Employee s holiday period. 
 3. The Employee will be required to take days holiday as much as possible in the year in which they are accrued failing, which the Employer will unilaterally determine when the Employee is to take them. 
 Article 10 Illness and Occupational Disability 
 1. If the Employee is unable to perform the agreed work due to illness, the Employee will be obliged to inform the Employer thereof before 10 a.m. on the first day of illness, stating the expected period of illness and the correct address at which the Employee can be reached during that period. As soon as the Employee knows on what day the Employee will be able to resume work, the Employee will inform the Employer thereof immediately. 
 2. If the Employee is unfit to perform the agreed work due to illness, the Employee will remain entitled to continued payment of wages for a maximum period of 104 weeks or up to the date of termination of the employment contract if that date is earlier, on the basis of the following conditions 
 during the first 52 weeks of illness, the Employee remains entitled to 70 of the maximum daily wage 
 as of the 53 rd week up to and including the 104 th week of illness, the Employee remains entitled to 70 of the maximum daily wage. 
 3. The Employee will not be entitled to continued payment of wages during the aforementioned period if the Employee caused the illness intentionally, if the illness ensued from an infirmity about which the Employee gave the Employer false information when the Employee entered into the employment contract, if the Employee causes an obstruction of or delay in the recovery process, or if the Employee refuses to perform suitable alternative work for the Employer or another employer (whether or not affiliated with the Employer) despite being able to perform that work. 
 4. The Employer will be entitled to suspend continued wage payments pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Article if the Employee does not comply with the Employer s reasonable instructions, issued in writing, concerning the provision of information that the Employer requires in order to establish the Employee s right to payment of wages. 
 5. If the Employee s occupational disability ensues from an event for which another is liable, the Employee must immediately provide the Employer with all of the relevant information and do everything in the Employee s power to enable the Employer to exercise its right of recourse within the meaning of Section 6 107a of the Dutch Civil Code. 
 6. In the event of occupational disability, the Employee must cooperate in a return to work and accept suitable alternative work made available by the Employer. The Employee will also be obliged to comply with reasonable instructions or measures aimed at a return to work, including assisting in the preparation, adjustment and evaluation of an action plan 
 - 4 - 
 KL2 3349297.2 

as referred to in Section 7 658a(3) of the Dutch Civil Code. In the event of occupational disability, the Employee must refrain from obstructing or delaying the recovery process. 
 7. In accordance with Section 64(3) of the Dutch Work and Income (Capacity for Work) Act Wet Werk en Inkomen naar Arbeidsvermogen , Wet WIA), the Employee must promptly apply for benefits under that Act in the event of long-term occupational disability. The Employer will suspend continued wage payments under Section 7 629(3)(f) of the Dutch Civil Code as long as the Employee is late in applying for WIA benefits and the period of continued wage payments is extended under Section7 629(11) of the Dutch Civil Code. 
 8. The obligations set out in this Article will continue to apply after the termination of the employment contract in the event that the Employee (i) leaves the Employer s service incapacitated for work due to illness within 104 weeks after the first day of illness, or (ii) becomes incapacitated for work due to illness within 28 days after the termination of the employment contract without having secured a new job or receiving unemployment benefits. 
 Article 11 Confidentiality 
 1. Other than for the benefit of the Employer within the scope of the normal work, the Employee may neither during the term of this employment contract nor after its termination disclose to any third party in any form, directly or indirectly, any information about or related to (a) any confidential information or Know-How (as defined in this employment contract in the Article of this employment contract concerning Intellectual Property Rights) of which the Employee became aware in the performance of the work or during the term of this employment contract, or (b) any particulars concerning or related to the business conducted by the Employer or its affiliated companies, regardless of whether such information includes any reference to its confidential nature or ownership and regardless of how the Employee learned of the particulars. 
 2. Other than for the benefit of the Employer within the scope of the normal work, the Employee may also not copy, compile, publish, merge, assemble or process information, products or systems of the Employer or disassemble, reproduce or decompile the source code of the computer software that is included in those products or systems or otherwise available on the Employer s premises or attempt to deduce the source code of such software in any other manner. 
 3. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 7 650(3), (4) and (5) of the Dutch Civil Code, if the Employee violates the confidentiality clause contained in paragraph 1 of this Article, the Employee will forfeit to the Employer an immediately due and payable penalty of EUR 50,000 for each violation as well as a penalty of EUR 5,000 for each day that the violation continues, without prejudice to the Employer s right to claim specific performance of the employment contract in addition to that penalty and full compensation instead of that penalty. 
 Article 12 Non-Competition 
 1. During the term of this employment contract and for a period of 12 months after its termination, the Employee may not, without the Employer s prior written consent, alone or with others, whether or not for consideration, in any way whatsoever 
 a. perform work that competes with the business operations of the Employer or its group companies 
 - 5 - 
 KL2 3349297.2 

b. perform work for any business that competes with the Employer or its group companies 
 c. incorporate, conduct or cause the conduct of a business that competes with the Employer or its group companies or take any interest in such business 
 d. maintain contact with or perform work for or with business relations of the Employer or its group companies, regardless of whether such contact is maintained or work is performed directly or indirectly or at the Employee s own expense or at the expense of third parties business relations are all natural persons with whom and legal entities with which the Employer or its group companies maintained business relations at any given time during the 12-month period preceding the termination of the employment contract 
 e. induce employees or contractors of the Employer or its group companies, either directly or indirectly, to terminate their employment contract or contract for services with the Employer or its group companies or 
 f. with respect to contracts between the Employer or its group companies and suppliers to supply goods or services directly or indirectly thwart the supply of such goods or services or induce a supplier, either directly or indirectly, to discontinue or refuse the supply of such goods or services to the Employer or its group companies. 
 2. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 7 650(3), (4) and (5) of the Dutch Civil Code, if the Employee violates the non-competition clause contained in paragraph 1 of this Article, the Employee will forfeit to the Employer an immediately due and payable penalty of EUR 50,000 for each violation as well as a penalty of EUR 5,000 for each day that the violation continues, without prejudice to the Employer s right to claim specific performance of the employment contract in addition to that penalty and full compensation instead of that penalty. 
 3. Upon each violation of paragraph 1 of this Article, the period of 12 months referred to in the first sentence of that paragraph will be extended by the duration of that violation, with a minimum of one month for each violation. 
 Article 13 Sidelines 
 1. During the term of the employment contract, the Employee must refrain from undertaking or holding any sidelines or additional posts, such as committee work, or managerial or other activities for associations, foundations or other organisations that could have a detrimental effect on the employment contract with the Employer, whether or not for consideration, without the Employer s prior written consent, regardless of whether the Employer is either partly or fully aware of such activities. 
 Article 14 Personal Data Protection 
 1. The Employer will be entitled to processes personal data relating to the Employee (and any of the Employee s family members) within the framework of performing the employment contract and or provisions ensuing from or in relation to the employment relationship. 
 2. The Employer processes the Employee s personal data for the purpose of its personnel records, including management of the Employee s activities, for the purpose of its payroll 
 - 6 - 
 KL2 3349297.2 

records, including making payments to the Employee and implementing applicable employment conditions, all of the foregoing in the broadest sense, and to comply with its statutory obligations, including calculating, recording and paying taxes and contributions for the Employee. 
 3. For the purposes listed above and provided that the Employer has a legitimate interest in doing so for instance with a view to a proposed merger or acquisition the Employer may also transfer the Employee s personal data to third parties (including accountants, lawyers and advisers) and other companies affiliated with the Employer, which may be located in other countries, both inside and outside the European Union. 
 4. The Employer will process the personal data in a proper and careful manner in accordance with the law. Furthermore, the Employer has taken appropriate technical and organisational measures to sufficiently safeguard the personal data and to preserve their confidential nature, regardless of whether such data are processed in the Netherlands or elsewhere. 
 5. The Employee will be entitled to contact the Employer with a reasonable request to review, correct, supplement, delete or block the Employee s personal data. Furthermore, the Employee will promptly notify the Employer of any changes in the personal data. 
 6. The information included in this Article is not exhaustive and is not meant to meet information obligations under applicable personal data protection legislation (e.g. the European General Data Protection Regulation). Comprehensive detailed information regarding the processing of the Employee s data, the purposes of the processing and the rights of the Employee as a data subject, are included in a non-contractual policy which has been or will be provided separately to the Employee. 
 Article 15 Company Documents, Company Equipment and Access 
 1. The Employee will be obliged to exercise due care in handling any company documents, in any form whatsoever, and any company equipment made available. Company equipment includes in any event access pass key, laptop, mobile phone and credit card. 
 2. Upon termination of the employment contract, the Employee will be obliged to return all company documents and company equipment to the Employer in good condition. Furthermore, the Employee will be obliged to return such company property should the Employer so demand, for example in the event of occupational disability or non-active service for other reasons. 
 Article 16 Intellectual Property Rights 
 1. All intellectual property rights, including but not limited to inventions, patent applications, patent rights, design rights, copyrights, neighbouring rights, database rights, trademark rights, chip rights, trade name rights and Know-How (as defined in paragraph 2 of this Article), ensuing in the Netherlands or abroad, during the term of this employment contract or after its termination, from or in the course of the work performed by the Employee Intellectual Property Rights will exclusively vest in the Employer. 
 2. Know-How is defined as any and all trade secrets, secret formulas, inventions, designs, standards, technical and other data or information, processes, methods, draft materials and business methods and any and all related information, knowledge, details, commercial practices and improvements. 
 - 7 - 
 KL2 3349297.2 

3. Insofar as any Intellectual Property Rights are not vested in the Employer by operation of law, the Employee hereby transfers those rights to the Employer insofar as possible, which transfer is hereby accepted by the Employer. If and insofar as it is potentially impossible to transfer any future Intellectual Property Rights, the Employee covenants that the Employee will transfer those rights to the Employer should the Employer so demand and that the Employee will sign any and all documents to effect that transfer. 
 4. Insofar as any Intellectual Property Rights are incapable of being transferred from the Employee to the Employer, the Employee hereby grants the Employer the exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual right, with the right to grant sublicenses, to use those Intellectual Property Rights in the broadest sense, which right is hereby accepted by the Employer. 
 5. Insofar as personality rights vest in the Employee, for example within the meaning of Section 25 of the Dutch Copyright Act Auteurswet , the Employee hereby waives those rights to the extent permitted by law, including but not limited to the rights referred to in Section 25(1)(a), (b) and (c) of the Dutch Copyright Act (such as the right to have one s name stated and the right to object to changes in the work). 
 6. The Employee will promptly disclose to the Employer all works, inventions, results, information and Intellectual Property Rights that ensue from the work under this employment contract and or that are in any way relevant to the creation, protection and or enforcement of the Intellectual Property Rights. 
 7. During the term of this employment contract and after its termination, the Employee will perform all acts that are necessary to register the Intellectual Property Rights in the Employer s name with any competent authority in the world. 
 8. If the Employee is unable to provide the cooperation referred to in paragraphs 3 and 7 of this Article for any reason, the Employee hereby grants the Employer an irrevocable power of attorney to represent the Employee with respect to the transfer and registration of the Intellectual Property Rights referred to in paragraphs 3 and 7 of this Article, respectively. 
 9. The Employee acknowledges that the salary and or pecuniary allowance the Employee receives already includes equitable compensation for the loss of Intellectual Property Rights, including the equitable compensation referred to in Section 12(6) of the Dutch Patents Act of 1995 Rijksoctrooiwet 1995 . 
 10. The Employee may neither during the term of this employment contract nor after its termination use the Intellectual Property Rights or the ensuing results, including but not limited to the documents in which they are recorded, for own use or for any purpose other than the performance of the work under this employment contract. 
 11. The Employee guarantees that the results of the work and or activities under this employment contract do not infringe upon any rights (including intellectual property rights) of third parties and that they are not unlawful vis- -vis third parties in any other manner. The Employee will indemnify the Employer against any and all damage and costs ensuing from claims brought by third parties in that respect. 
 12. The Employer will not be liable for damage incurred by the Employee in connection with the Employer s use of inventions, designs, works, programmes, documents, data, names, signs, Know-How, materials or other achievements that the Employee discloses to the Employer during the term of this employment contract and that (i) fall outside of the 
 - 8 - 
 KL2 3349297.2 

scope of this employment contract or (ii) were created or developed prior to the conclusion of this employment contract. 
 13. If this employment contract is terminated, the preceding paragraphs of this Article governing the Intellectual Property Rights will remain in effect after the termination of the employment contract. 
 Article 17 Severance Payment 
 1. The Employer will grant the Employee compensation in accordance with this Article, if and in so far the employment contract with the Employee, is terminated by mutual consent before the Employee reaches the state pension age at Employer s initiative and parties conclude a settlement agreement beeindigingsovereenkomst providing for termination of the employment contract by mutual consent in accordance with the Article 7 670b of the Dutch Civil Code, for a reason other than a reason mentioned below 
 a. an urgent reason as defined in Article 7 678 of the Dutch Civil Code or 
 b. a reasonable ground under Article 7 669 paragraph 3 under b (illness for a period longer than 104 weeks), c (regular illness with unacceptable consequences for the business), d (non-performance of the Employee), e (culpable acts or omissions of the Employee), g (disrupted employment relationship) and or h (reasons other than those referred to under a through g of Article 7 669 paragraph 3 of the Dutch Civil Code which are such that the employer cannot reasonably be expected to continue the employment contract) of the Dutch Civil Code 
 c. if Employee is substantially to blame for the termination and or if the reason for termination is at the sphere of risk of Employee. 
 2. If the situation described in paragraph 1 arises, the Employer will grant the Employee a one-off gross severance pay equal to the annual base salary and target bonus. 
 3. This contractual agreed severance is deemed to include any statutory severance transitievergoeding or other severance the Employee may be entitled to on termination, in as far as the contractual agreed severance exceeds the statutory severance or other severance the Employee may be entitled to on termination. If the statutory severance exceeds the amount of this contractual agreed severance, in addition to this contractual agreed severance the Employee will only be entitled to the part of the statutory severance or other severance that exceeds this contractual severance payment. 
 4. This contractual agreed severance payment is contingent upon severance awarded by the court and will be supplementary in the manner provided below. If a court, awards more than the contractual agreed severance amount as reflected in paragraph 2 above, the Employee will not be entitled to the amount that exceeds the contractual agreed amount if a court awards less, the difference between the contractual agreed amount and the amount granted by the court, will be paid to the Employee. The Employee shall in any event not be entitled to a higher severance payment than the amount reflected as contractual severance payment in paragraph 2. 
 5. After the Employer has paid Employee the contractual severance referred to in this Article, the Employer (including any other affiliated companies) and the Employee will have no claims against each other, either inside or outside the Netherlands, with regard to the employment relationship, future bonus entitlements, or the (manner of) termination of the employment and shall grant each other full and final discharge in this respect. 
 - 9 - 
 KL2 3349297.2 

6. Parties consider their agreement on severance payment, as reflected in this Article, to be a settlement agreement vaststellingsovereenkomst as provided for in Section 7 900 of the Dutch the Employer (including any other affiliated companies) and the Employee will have no claims against each other, either inside or outside the Netherlands, with regard to the employment relationship, future bonus entitlements, or the (manner of) termination of the employment and shall grant each other full and final discharge in this respect. 
 7. Parties consider their agreement on severance payment, as reflected in this Article, to be a settlement agreement vaststellingsovereenkomst as provided for in Section 7 900 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
 Article 18 Applicable Collective Bargaining Agreement CAO 
 1. This employment contract will not be governed by the provisions of any Collective Bargaining Agreement. 
 Article 19 Amendment to Employment Conditions 
 1. In accordance with Section 7 613 of the Dutch Civil Code, the Employer will be authorised to unilaterally amend the conditions contained in this employment contract if and insofar as it has a weighty interest in doing so that is of such a nature that the Employee s interests, insofar as they are harmed by the amendment, in all reasonableness and fairness must yield to the Employer s interest. 
 Article 20 Applicable Law 
 1. This employment contract is governed by Dutch law. 
 Signed in duplicate originals on October 08 th , 2019. 
 
 s Frederic Gilot s Manja Boerman Catalent Pharma Solutions GmbH Manja Boerman Frederic Gilot Managing Director 

- 10 - 
 KL2 3349297.2 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-10.18 1>
 12
 catalent-2023630xex10181.htm
 EX-10.18 1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 10.8.1 

 14 Schoolhouse Road Somerset, NJ 08873 
 T (732) 537-6200 www.catalent.com 
 October 10, 2022 
 Manja Boerman 
 PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL Long Term International Assignment 

Dear Manja, 
 We are pleased to offer you an international assignment from the Netherlands to the United States with Catalent Pharma Solutions LLC. We trust this will be a mutually beneficial experience for you as well as for the Company. This letter confirms the terms and conditions that apply to your assignment as President, Division Head BioModalities based in Somerset, New Jersey. 
 I. Assignment Summary 
 Home Country The Netherlands 
 Host Country The United States 
 Employer Catalent Pharma Solutions, LLC 
 Position Title President, Division Head BioModalities 
 Manager While on Assignment Biologics Committee (through its representative, Alessandro Maselli, President & CEO) 
 Citizenship Permanent Resident Status The Netherlands 
 Annual Base Salary US 500,000 paid from the Netherlands as 494,218 
 Management Incentive Plan Target US 400,000 paid from the Netherlands in local currency 
 Long Term Incentive Plan Target US 650,000 
 Scheduled Assignment Start Date October 17th, 2022 
 Scheduled Assignment End Date November 30, 2025 
 Assignment Duration Thirty-six (36) months 
 Assignment Policy International Long-Term Assignment 

This letter does not create a contract of employment, but simply seeks to confirm the conditions which pertain to your temporary assignment. Should the nature of your position change or if this assignment extends beyond its initial duration, the terms may be subject to change at that time. Catalent reserves the right to modify the global assignment policies and procedures at any time in whole or in part, with or without notice. 
 
 KL2 3349296.1 

II. Compensation & Benefits 
 a. Base Salary Your annualized rate of pay will be US 500,000 paid from the Netherlands as 494,218 . As a member of the Executive Leadership Team (ELT), your total compensation package will be reviewed on an annual basis with the next review anticipated in the first quarter of each fiscal year. 
 b. Management Incentive Plan (MIP) You will continue participation in Catalent s annual bonus plan, the MIP. MIP payments are determined based upon the company achievement and your individual performance. Your annual target will remain unchanged for fiscal year 2023 at US 400,000 , paid from the Netherlands in local currency. 
 c. Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) Your LTIP grant value will remain unchanged at US 650,000 . The Compensation and Leadership Committee of the Catalent, Inc. board of directors much approve each annual grant, and did so effective July 26, 2022 with respect to your fiscal 2023-2025 grant. The LTIP was granted in accordance with Catalent s normal practices for LTIP awards to ELT members, which includes your execution of agreements with respect to each grant. 
 d. Car Allowance You will continue to receive your car allowance of 24,000 per year. This is a non-pensionable allowance and will be paid to you monthly along with your salary. This allowance is to be used for the acquisition and disposition of a vehicle during your assignment in the Host Country. 
 e. Cost of Living Differential (COLA) You are eligible for a COLA in the amount of US 3,455 net per month to help offset excess costs of goods and services in New Jersey, USA, compared with those incurred in the Netherlands. This differential will be paid each pay period and is not intended to compensate for the total cost of living in the United States. The COLA is calculated using applicable consumer purchase index information and is reviewed in January and July of each year. The COLA is provided at the discretion of the Company. 
 f. Benefits All current terms and conditions of your employment and benefits, inclusive of personal time off (PTO), will apply with no break in coverage and you will continue to receive your current benefits in your Home Country. 
 g. Global Health Insurance You have been enrolled in the Aetna International benefit plan effective September 1, 2022. The Aetna International benefits include Term Life Insurance, Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance, Medical with Prescription Plan, Dental Plan, and Long-Term Disability. Coverage is available for you, and accompanying family member during your assignment, who are currently covered under health benefits with the Company. Additional details and enrollment forms have been forwarded to you by the Corporate Benefits Department. 
 h. Concierge Medical Service You and any accompanying family members are eligible to enroll in MDVIP, a concierge medical service. Upon enrollment, you may select a physician within their network that will provide primary healthcare services 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Your personal physician is available for any medical needs that may arise acting as both a primary care and urgent care office. 
 i. Public Holidays Work Schedule You will follow the work hours, workdays, and public holidays in the Host Country during your Assignment. If you choose to 
 - 2 - 
 KL2 3349296.1 

observe a Home Country holiday, that is not provided as a holiday in the Host Country, then you can use accrued PTO. 
 III. Assignment Related Benefits 
 Information regarding your relocation benefits for this assignment is outlined below and additional detail is provided in the attached Catalent document titled Global Mobility International Long-Term Assignment Policy . Please review this information in its entirety. 
 a. Passports, Visa, Work and or Residence Permits - applicable costs for passports will be reimbursed by Cornerstone for you and eligible accompanying family members. Human Resources will coordinate your visa, work and or residence permits with our immigration attorneys 
 b. Pre-Move Home Finding Trip - one trip to the host location not to exceed six (6) days five (5) nights 
 c. Assignment Orientation - Cornerstone and Deloitte, respectively, to provide relocation and tax information throughout duration of the assignment 
 d. Cultural Training - access to formal training for you and eligible accompanying family members to prepare for adapting and living in new host environment 
 e. Language Training - formal language training in the host location as needed 
 f. Shipment of Household Goods and Storage - in transit as needed for up to thirty (30) days 
 g. Pet Shipment Assistance - reimbursement of expenses up to US 1,000 per pet for up to two (2) household pets to relocate to the host location 
 h. Destination Settling-In Services - assistance with area tours, home finding, and settling-in information 
 i. Temporary Lodging - hotel or service apartment provided for up to thirty (30) days 
 j. Host Country Housing - an allowance equivalent to US 6,360 net per month will be provided for the duration of your assignment to the United States 
 k. Travel to Host Location - reimbursement for reasonable and actual enroute expenses 
 l. Home Leave - reimbursement for one (1) premium economy-class round trip airfare, via the most direct route to the home city, for you and your eligible accompanying family members to return home each year, starting after eight (8) months on assignment 
 m. Emergency Leave - reimbursement for travel if leave is needed for the serious illness of your spouse, yourself or the death serious illness of a dependent child, parent, brother, sister, grandparent, or grandchild 
 n. Flex Benefits - at Company discretion, additional support (i.e., appliances, additional baggage) as identified, to ease the transition and ensure a smooth relocation 
 - 3 - 
 KL2 3349296.1 

IV. Tax Equalization & Other Services 
 a. Income Tax Assistance - As a result of your long-term assignment to the United States you may be subject to U.S. tax return filing requirements. The Company will pay the reasonable and customary cost for the Company s designated tax advisors (Deloitte) for the preparation and filing of the United States and the Netherlands as required, for the duration of your assignment. 
 b. Tax Equalization - The intent of the tax equalization policy is to establish procedures to ensure that income taxes remain a neutral aspect of the assignment. A hypothetical Home Country tax and social security contribution will be calculated and deducted from your compensation package in accordance with the Global Mobility International Long-Term Assignment Policy and policy guidelines issued by the Company. Catalent will bear the cost of actual income taxes due in the Home and or Host Country on company compensation. 
 c. Foreign Tax Credits - As mentioned above, it is expected that Catalent will generally pay all actual Host Country taxes on your employment income. As such, any foreign tax credits granted under U.S. tax laws which result from U.S. tax payments are for the sole benefit of the Company. Excess foreign tax credits which accrue during the assignment period that cannot be fully utilized during the assignment period may be carried forward to future tax years. In such instances, the Company may ask you to participate in the tax equalization program in years after repatriation to utilize some of the excess tax credits and offset some of the assignment related costs incurred by the Company. 
 V. Termination of Employment 
 a. If you decide to voluntarily terminate your employment relationship with Catalent prior to the completion of your assignment in Somerset, New Jersey, Catalent will not be responsible for any cost or expenses associated with the repatriation to your Home Country. 
 b. If the employment relationship is terminated by Catalent, for other than just cause, Catalent will reimburse you for reasonable, actual, and supported expenses related to you and your family s return to the Netherlands, provided that the relocation takes place and is completed within six (6) months after the completion of the employment relationship. 
 VI. Repayment Obligations 
 a. In accordance with the Global Mobility International Long-Term Assignment Policy , if you voluntarily leave the Company within twelve months of your relocation you will be required to repay the Company 100 of all relocation cost incurred and associated with relocation to the Host Country. Should you leave the Company after one year but less than two years after you are relocated, you will be required to repay 50 of all relocation costs incurred associated with relocation to the Host Country. 
 b. Additionally, you acknowledge that a report of direct expenses incurred as a result of this relocation will be sent to the appropriate tax agencies in your Home Country by the Company and reflected on your earnings statements. You fully understand that 
 - 4 - 
 KL2 3349296.1 

you must declare such income for the tax year during which the expenses are incurred. 
 c. You further acknowledge that should you fail for any reason under your control to begin the assignment on the designated date, be discharged for disciplinary action to include but not limited to unlawful or criminal conduct, falsification of records, physical violence, destruction of company property, improper discrimination, harassment of other employees, including sexual harassment or voluntarily terminate your employment with the Company, it is agreed you will reimburse the Company for any and all expenses, including tax liability paid to you or on your behalf, related to the relocation. 
 d. Finally, you authorize the Company to withhold in the maximum amount permitted by law, payment of all monies due to you in the nature of wages, vacation pay, commissions, bonus, reimbursable business expenses or any other compensation due to you, to satisfy this obligation. You agree that if the foregoing withholding is insufficient to liquidate this obligation, then the balance shall become immediately due and payable without notice or demand. You also agree that you will be responsible to pay any legal expenses associated with the collection of this debt obligation. 
 VII. Severance 
 As a member of the ELT, you are entitled to a separate severance agreement equal to your annual base salary plus your MIP target at the time of separation. subject to the terms of the agreement. The terms of your original ELT severance agreement continue to apply. 
 VIII. Repatriation 
 At the end of your assignment, it is anticipated that you will repatriate back to the Netherlands. The following repatriation benefits are available. 
 a. Host Country Housing Departure assistance with terminating the lease and securing the return of any deposits due back to the Company 
 b. Tax Consultation a tax briefing will be arranged with Company s tax provider, as needed, to ensure compliance with Host Country law 
 c. Return Shipment of Household Goods & Personal Effects - allows for the same shipment guidelines as for the expatriation shipment 
 d. Repatriation Temporary Lodging - up to thirty (30) cumulative days of temporary lodging expenses for you and your accompanying family members in the host and or the home locations, as needed 
 e. Return Shipment of Pets - the same parameters for returning pets to the home location apply as for the expatriation 
 f. Return Travel to Home Country - the same travel parameters for returning to the home location are followed as for the expatriation 
 - 5 - 
 KL2 3349296.1 

IX. Confidentiality 
 In accepting this offer, you reaffirm your commitment and understanding that you will continue to be bound by the Confidentiality and Non-Compete terms set out in previous LTIP grants made to you. 
 X. Ethics 
 As a company founded on a core set of values, we expect you to continue to abide by and certify, as may be requested from time to time, to your continued compliance with our Standards of Business Conduct. 
 XI. General Provisions 
 By agreeing to the terms and conditions of this letter you expressly agree that any differences that may exist between you and Catalent Pharma Solutions, LLC, will be resolved according to the laws of the State of New Jersey, in the United States. 
 If any local benefits policy is inconsistent with the terms and conditions of this letter, the terms and conditions of this letter will take precedence. 
 
 Sincerely, 
 
 s Ricardo Pravda 
 Ricardo Pravda 
 SVP & Chief Human Resources Officer 
 cc Personnel File 
 Joel Tobin 
 VP, HR BioModalities 
 By signing below, you express your understanding and agreement with the terms and conditions detailed above. 

s Manja Boerman 26 October 2022 Manja Boerman Date 
 - 6 - 
 KL2 3349296.1 

ASSIGNEE REPAYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 I, Manja Boerman , acknowledge that as a condition of my employment and or career development, I am being relocated at the expense of Catalent Pharma Solutions, and any, subsidiary, affiliated, related, or sister corporations (collectively referred to herein as the Company ). 
 I further acknowledge should I fail for any reason under my control to begin the assignment on the designated date, be discharged for disciplinary action to include but not limited to unlawful or criminal conduct, falsification of records, physical violence, destruction of company property, improper discrimination, harassment of other employees, including sexual harassment or voluntarily terminate my employment, with the Company, it is agreed I will reimburse the Company for any and all expenses, including tax liability paid to me or on my behalf, related to my relocation. 
 I further acknowledge should I voluntary resign from the company during the first year of the assignment, it is agreed I will reimburse the Company for any and all expenses associated with relocation to the host country. If I voluntarily leave the organization within twelve (12) months of my relocation I will be required to repay the company 100 of all relocation cost incurred. Should I leave the company after one (1) year but less than two (2) years after my relocation I will be required to repay the company 50 of all relocation costs incurred. 
 Finally, I authorize the Company to withhold in the maximum amount permitted by law, payment of any and all monies due me in the nature of wages, vacation pay, commissions, bonus, reimbursable business expenses or any other compensation due me, and may use all other available means to satisfy this obligation. I agree if the foregoing withholding is insufficient to liquidate this obligation, then the balance shall become immediately due and payable without notice or demand. I also agree that I will be responsible to pay any legal expenses associated with the collection of this debt. 
 28 October 2022 s Manja Boerman Date Signature 

KL2 3349296.1 

</EX-10.18 1>

<EX-21.1>
 13
 catalent-2023630xex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 Attachment A 
 CATALENT, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 
 As of June 30, 2023 
 
 NAME (STATE COUNTRY OF ORGANIZATION) 
 WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES OF CATALENT, INC. (UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED) 
 1 Catalent Anagni S.r.l. (ITALY) 2 Catalent Argentina S.A.I.C. (ARGENTINA) 3 Catalent Belgium S.A. (BELGIUM) 4 Catalent Belgium Holding S.A. (BELGIUM) 5 Catalent Brasil Ltda (BRAZIL) 6 Catalent China Holdings Limited (CAYMAN ISLANDS) 7 Catalent Cosmetics AG (SWITZERLAND) 8 Catalent CTS, LLC (DELAWARE) 9 Catalent CTS (Edinburgh) Limited (UNITED KINGDOM) 10 Catalent CTS (Kansas City), LLC (DELAWARE) 11 Catalent CTS (Singapore) Pvt Ltd (SINGAPORE) 12 Catalent CTS (Wales) Limited (UNITED KINGDOM) 13 Catalent CTS UK Holding Limited (UNITED KINGDOM) 14 Catalent Dusseldorf Gmbh (GERMANY) 15 Catalent France Beinheim S.A. (FRANCE) (99.85 16 Catalent France Limoges S.A.S. (FRANCE) 17 Catalent France Limoges Holding S.A.S. (FRANCE) 18 Catalent Germany Eberbach GmbH (GERMANY) 19 Catalent Germany Holding II GmbH (GERMANY) 20 Catalent Germany Holding III GmbH (GERMANY) 21 Catalent Germany Schorndorf GmbH (GERMANY) 22 Catalent Gosselies SA (BELGIUM) 23 Catalent Gosselies Holding SA (BELGIUM) 24 Catalent Gosselies PS SA (BELGIUM) 25 Catalent Harmans Road, LLC (DELAWARE) 26 Catalent Holdco II, LLC (DELAWARE) 27 Catalent Holdco III, LLC (DELAWARE) 28 Catalent Holdco IV, LLC (DELAWARE) 29 Catalent Holdco V, LLC (DELAWARE) 30 Catalent Houston, LLC (DELAWARE) 31 Catalent Indiana, LLC (INDIANA) 32 Catalent Indiana Holdings, LLC (DELAWARE) 33 Catalent Italy S.p.A. (ITALY) 34 Catalent Italy Holding Srl (ITALY) 35 Catalent Japan K.K. (JAPAN) 36 Catalent JNP, Inc. (DELAWARE) 37 Catalent Maryland (DELAWARE) 38 Catalent Massachusetts, LLC (DELAWARE) 39 Catalent Micron Technologies, Inc. (PENNSYLVANIA) 

40 Catalent Micron Technologies Limited (UNITED KINGDOM) 41 Catalent MSTC, Inc. (DELAWARE) 42 Catalent MTI Pharma Solutions, Inc. (DELAWARE) 43 Catalent MTI Pharma Solutions Limited (UNITED KINGDOM) 44 Catalent Netherlands Holding B.V. (NETHERLANDS) 45 Catalent Nottingham Limited (UNITED KINGDOM) 46 Catalent Ontario Limited (CANADA) 47 Catalent Oxford Limited (UNITED KINGDOM) 48 Catalent Pharma Solutions GmbH (SWITZERLAND) 49 Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc. (DELAWARE) 50 Catalent Pharma Solutions Limited (UNITED KINGDOM) 51 Catalent Pharma Solutions, LLC (DELAWARE) 52 Catalent Pharmaceutical Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (CHINA) 53 Catalent PR Humacao, Inc. (PUERTO RICO) 54 Catalent Princeton, LLC (DELAWARE) 55 Catalent San Diego Inc. (CALIFORNIA) 56 Catalent (Shanghai) Clinical Trial Supplies Co Ltd. (CHINA) 57 Catalent Shiga K.K. (JAPAN) 58 Catalent Singapore Holdings Pte. Ltd. (SINGAPORE) 59 Catalent U.K. Packaging Limited (UNITED KINGDOM) 60 Catalent U.K. Swindon Holding II Limited (UNITED KINGDOM) 61 Catalent U.K. Swindon Zydis Limited (UNITED KINGDOM) 62 Catalent UK Supply Chain Limited (UNITED KINGDOM) 63 Catalent Uruguay S.A. (URUGUAY) 64 Catalent US Holding I, LLC (DELAWARE) 65 Catalent USA Packaging, LLC (DELAWARE) 66 Catalent Wellness, LLC (DELAWARE) 67 Catalent Wellness California, LLC (CALIFORNIA) 68 Catalent Wellness Holdings, LLC (DELAWARE) 69 Catalent Wellness Indiana, LLC (DELAWARE) 70 Catalent Wellness New Jersey, LLC (DELAWARE) 71 Catalent Wellness Virginia, LLC (DELAWARE) 72 PTS Intermediate Holdings LLC (DELAWARE) 73 R.P. Scherer Technologies, LLC (NEVADA) 74 Raritan Valley Insurance Company (NEW JERSEY) 75 Redwood Bioscience Inc. (DELAWARE) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 14
 catalent-2023630xex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-197726) pertaining to the Catalent, Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan, 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-228438) pertaining to the Catalent, Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan and the Catalent, Inc. 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-267639) of Catalent, Inc. and in the related Prospectus 
 
 of our reports dated December 8, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Catalent, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Catalent, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Catalent, Inc. for the year ended June 30, 2023. 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Iselin, New Jersey 
 December 8, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 15
 catalent-2023630xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Alessandro Maselli, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2023 of Catalent, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date December 8, 2023 s ALESSANDRO MASELLI Alessandro Maselli President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 16
 catalent-2023630xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Matti Masanovich, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2023 of Catalent, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s MATTI MASANOVICH Matti Masanovich Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Date December 8, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 17
 catalent-2023630xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Catalent, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Alessandro Maselli, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date December 8, 2023 s ALESSANDRO MASELLI Alessandro Maselli President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 18
 catalent-2023630xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Catalent, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Matti Masanovich, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date December 8, 2023 s MATTI MASANOVICH Matti Masanovich Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 19
 catalent-2023630xex971.htm
 EX-97.1

Document 
 Exhibit 97.1 

CATALENT, INC. 
 EXECUTIVE INCENTIVE COMPENSATION RECOUPMENT POLICY 

Version v1 
 Date Issued October 25, 2023 
 Issued By Catalent Legal & Compliance Department 

Exhibit 97.1 

1. Scope 
 
 This policy applies to any (i) current or former Executive Officer and (ii) any other employee of the Company and its subsidiaries designated by the Committee as subject to this Policy from time to time. 
 
 2. Policy Responsibilities 
 
 Policy Ownership 
 Legal & Compliance Department, Chief Compliance Officer 
 Policy Approval 
 Compensation and Leadership Committee of the Board of Directors of Catalent, Inc., and 
 Board of Directors of Catalent, Inc. 
 Policy Implementation 
 Human Resources and Finance 

3. Policy Overview 
 
 This Catalent, Inc. Executive Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy (the Policy has been adopted by the Board of Directors (the Board of Catalent, Inc. (the Company on October 25, 2023. This Policy provides for the recoupment of certain executive compensation in the event of an accounting restatement resulting from material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements under U.S. federal securities laws in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. This Policy is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 10D of the Exchange Act (as defined below) and Section 303A.14 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual (the Listing Rule ). 
 
 1. Definitions . 
 For the purposes of this Policy, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below. 
 (a) Committee means the Compensation and Leadership Committee of the Board of the Company. 
 
 (b) Covered Compensation means any Incentive-based Compensation received by a Covered Executive during the applicable Recoupment Period provided that 
 
 i. such Incentive-based Compensation was received by such Covered Executive (A) on or after the Effective Date, (B) after he or she commenced service as an Executive Officer and (C) while the Company had a class of securities publicly listed on a United States national securities exchange and 
 ii. such Covered Executive served as an Executive Officer at any time during the performance period applicable to such Incentive-based Compensation. 
 
 For purposes of this Policy, Incentive-based Compensation is received by a Covered Executive during the fiscal period in which the Financial Reporting Measure applicable to such Incentive-based Compensation (or portion thereof) is attained, even if the payment or grant of such Incentive-based Compensation is made thereafter. 
 
 (c) Covered Executive means any current or former Executive Officer and any other employee of the Company and its subsidiaries designated by the Committee as subject to this Policy from time to time. 

Exhibit 97.1 

(d) Effective Date means October 2, 2023. 
 
 (e) Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (f) Executive Officer means an executive officer as defined in Rule 10D-1 adopted under the Exchange Act and the Listing Rule, and, with respect to the Company, includes (i) its president, (ii) its principal financial officer, (iii) its principal accounting officer (or if there is no such accounting officer, its controller), (iv) any vice-president in charge of a principal business unit, division or function (such as sales, administration or finance), (v) any other officer who performs a policy-making function for the Company (including any officer of the Company s parent(s) or subsidiaries if they perform policy-making functions for the Company) and (vi) any other person who performs similar policy-making functions for the Company. Policy-making function is not intended to include policy-making functions that are not significant. The determination as to an individual s status as an Executive Officer shall be made by the Committee and such determination shall be final, conclusive and binding on such individual and all other interested persons. 
 
 (g) Financial Reporting Measure means any (i) measure that is determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, (ii) stock price measure or (iii) total shareholder return measure (and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from any measure referenced in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above). For the avoidance of doubt, any such measure does not need to be presented within the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to constitute a Financial Reporting Measure. 
 
 (h) Financial Restatement means an accounting restatement due to the Company s material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under U.S. federal securities laws. Including any required accounting restatement to correct 
 
 (i) an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements or 
 (ii) an error that would result in a material misstatement if the error were (A) corrected in the current period or (B) left uncorrected in the current period. 
 
 For purposes of this Policy, a Financial Restatement shall not be deemed to occur in the event of a revision of the Company s financial statements due to an out-of-period adjustment (i.e., when the error is immaterial to the previously issued financial statements and the correction of the error is also immaterial to the current period) or a retrospective (1) application of a change in accounting principles (2) revision to reportable segment information due to a change in the structure of the Company s internal organization (3) reclassification due to a discontinued operation (4) application of a change in reporting entity, such as from a reorganization of entities under common control or (5) revision for stock splits, reverse stock splits, stock dividends or other changes in capital structure. 
 
 (i) Incentive-based Compensation means any compensation (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any cash or equity or equity-based compensation, whether deferred or current) that is granted, earned and or vested based wholly or in part upon the achievement of a Financial Reporting Measure. For purposes of this Policy, Incentive-based Compensation shall also be deemed to include any amounts which were determined based on (or were otherwise calculated by reference to) Incentive-based Compensation (including, without limitation, any amounts under any long-term disability, life insurance or supplemental retirement or severance plan or agreement or any notional account that is based on Incentive-based Compensation, as well as any earnings accrued thereon). 
 
 (j) NYSE means the New York Stock Exchange, or any successor thereof. 
 
 (k) Recoupment Period means the three fiscal years completed immediately preceding the date of any applicable Recoupment Trigger Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Recoupment Period additionally includes any transition period (that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year) within or immediately following those three completed fiscal years, provided that a transition period between the 

Exhibit 97.1 

 last day of the Company s previous fiscal year end and the first day of its new fiscal year that comprises a period of nine (9) to twelve (12) months would be deemed a completed fiscal year. 

(I) Recoupment Trigger Date means the earlier of (i) the date that the Board (or a committee thereof or the officer(s) of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required) concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare a Financial Restatement, and (ii) the date on which a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare a Financial Restatement. 

2. Recoupment of Erroneously Awarded Compensation . 
 
 (a) In the event of a Financial Restatement, if the amount of any Covered Compensation received by a Covered Executive (the Awarded Compensation exceeds the amount of such Covered Compensation that would have otherwise been received by such Covered Executive if calculated based on the Financial Restatement (the Adjusted Compensation ), the Company shall reasonably promptly recover from such Covered Executive an amount equal to the excess of the Awarded Compensation over the Adjusted Compensation, each calculated on a pre-tax basis (such excess amount, the Erroneously Awarded Compensation ). 
 
 (b) If (i) the Financial Reporting Measure applicable to the relevant Covered Compensation is stock price or total shareholder return (or any measure derived wholly or in part from either of such measures) and (ii) the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in the Financial Restatement, then the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation shall be determined (on a pre-tax basis) based on the Company s reasonable estimate of the effect of the Financial Restatement on the Company s stock price or total shareholder return (or the derivative measure thereof) upon which such Covered Compensation was received. 
 
 (c) For the avoidance of doubt, the Company s obligation to recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not dependent on (i) if or when the restated financial statements are filed or (ii) any fault of any Covered Executive for the accounting errors or other actions leading to a Financial Restatement. 
 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Sections 2(a) through (c) hereof, the Company shall not be required to recover any Erroneously Awarded Compensation if both (x) the conditions set forth in either of the following clauses (i) or (ii) are satisfied and (y) the Committee (or a majority of the independent directors serving on the Board) has determined that recovery of the Erroneously Awarded Compensation would be impracticable 
 
 i. the direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing the recovery of the Erroneously Awarded Compensation under this Policy would exceed the amount of such Erroneously Awarded Compensation to be recovered provided that, before concluding that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation pursuant to this Section 2(d), the Company shall have first made a reasonable attempt to recover such Erroneously Awarded Compensation, document such reasonable attempt(s) to make such recovery and provide that documentation to the NYSE or 
 
 ii. recovery of the Erroneously Awarded Compensation would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of Sections 401(a)(13) or 411(a) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). 
 
 (e) The Company shall not indemnify or insure any Covered Executive, directly or indirectly, for any losses that such Covered Executive may incur in connection with the recovery of Erroneously 

Exhibit 97.1 

 Awarded Compensation pursuant to this Policy, including through the payment of insurance premiums or gross-up payments. 

(f) The Committee shall determine, in its sole discretion, the manner and timing in which any Erroneously Awarded Compensation shall be recovered from a Covered Executive in accordance with applicable law, including, without limitation, by (i) requiring reimbursement of Covered Compensation previously paid in cash (ii) seeking recovery of any gain realized on the vesting, exercise, settlement, sale, transfer or other disposition of any equity or equity-based awards (iii) offsetting the Erroneously Awarded Compensation amount from any compensation otherwise owed by the Company or any of its affiliates to the Covered Executive (iv) cancelling outstanding vested or unvested equity or equity-based awards and or (v) taking any other remedial and recovery action permitted by applicable law. For the avoidance of doubt, except as set forth in Section 2(d), in no event may the Company accept an amount that is less than the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation provided that, to the extent necessary to avoid any adverse tax consequences to the Covered Executive pursuant to Section 409A of the Code, any offsets against amounts under any nonqualified deferred compensation plans (as defined under Section 409A of the Code) shall be made in compliance with Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 3. Administration . 
 
 This Policy shall be administered by the Committee . All decisions of the Committee shall be final, conclusive and binding upon the Company and the Covered Executives, their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators and any other legal representative. The Committee shall have full power and authority to (i) administer and interpret this Policy (ii) correct any defect, supply any omission and reconcile any inconsistency in this Policy and (iii) make any other determination and take any other action that the Committee deems necessary or desirable for the administration of this Policy and to comply with applicable law (including Section 10D of the Exchange Act) and applicable stock market or exchange rules and regulations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, to the extent permitted by Section 10D of the Exchange Act and the Listing Rule, the Board may, in its sole discretion, at any time and from time to time, administer this Policy in the same manner as the Committee. 
 
 4. Amendment Termination . 
 
 Subject to Section 10D of the Exchange Act and the Listing Rule, this Policy may be amended or terminated by the Committee at any time and shall be amended as the Committee determines is necessary to comply with applicable law, stock market or exchange rules or regulations. To the extent that any applicable law, or stock market or exchange rules or regulations require recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation in circumstances in addition to those specified herein, nothing in this Policy shall be deemed to limit or restrict the right or obligation of the Company to recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation to the fullest extent required by such applicable law, stock market or exchange rules and regulations. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, this Policy shall no longer be effective from and after the date that the Company no longer has a class of securities publicly listed on a United States national securities exchange. 
 
 5. Interpretation . 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, this Policy is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 10D of the Exchange Act and the Listing Rule (and any applicable regulations, administrative interpretations or stock market or exchange rules and regulations adopted in connection therewith). The provisions of this Policy shall be interpreted in a manner that satisfies such requirements and this Policy shall be operated accordingly. If any provision of this Policy would otherwise frustrate or conflict with this intent, the provision shall be interpreted and deemed amended so as to avoid such conflict. 
 
 6. Other Compensation Clawback Recoupment Rights . 

Exhibit 97.1 

 Any right of recoupment under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies, rights or requirements with respect to the clawback or recoupment of any compensation that may be available to the Company pursuant to the terms of any other recoupment or clawback policy of the Company (or any of its affiliates) that may be in effect from time to time, any provisions in any employment agreement, offer letter, equity plan, equity award agreement or similar plan or agreement, and any other legal remedies available to the Company, as well as applicable law, stock market or exchange rules, listing standards or regulations provided , however , that any amounts recouped or clawed back under any other policy that would be recoupable under this Policy shall count toward any required clawback or recoupment under this Policy and vice versa. Nothing contained in this Policy and no recoupment or recovery as contemplated by this Policy, shall limit any claims, damages or other legal remedies the Company or any of its affiliates may have against a Covered Executive arising out of or resulting from any action or omissions by the Covered Executive. 
 
 7. Exempt Compensation . 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Company has no obligation under this Policy to seek recoupment of amounts paid to a Covered Executive which are granted, vested or earned based solely upon the occurrence or non-occurrence of nonfinancial events. Such exempt compensation includes, without limitation, base salary, time-vesting awards, compensation awarded on the basis of the achievement of metrics that are not Financial Reporting Measures or compensation awarded solely at the discretion of the Committee or the Board, provided that such amounts are in no way contingent on, and were not in any way granted on the basis of, the achievement of any Financial Reporting Measure performance goal. 
 
 8. Miscellaneous. 
 
 (a) Any applicable award agreement or other document setting forth the terms and conditions of any compensation covered by this Policy shall be deemed to include the restrictions imposed herein and incorporate this Policy by reference and, in the event of any inconsistency, the terms of this Policy will govern. For the avoidance of doubt, this Policy applies to all compensation that is received on or after the Effective Date, regardless of the date on which the award agreement or other document setting forth the terms and conditions of the Covered Executive s compensation became effective, including, without limitation, compensation received under the Catalent, Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan and the Catalent, Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan (including the Management Incentive Plans thereunder) and any successor plan to each of the foregoing. 
 
 (b) This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. 
 
 (c) The Company shall file all disclosures with respect to this Policy in accordance with the requirements of the federal securities laws, including disclosures required by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filings and rules. 
 
 (d) All issues concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Policy and all related documents, including, without limitation, any employment agreement, offer letter, equity award agreement or similar agreement, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules or provisions (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. 
 
 (e) The Covered Executives, their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators and any other legal representative and the Company shall initially attempt to resolve all claims, disputes or controversies arising under, out of or in connection with this Policy by conducting good faith negotiations amongst themselves. To ensure the timely and economical resolution of disputes that arise in connection with this Policy, the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, or the state courts sitting within the state of New Jersey to the extent the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey does not have jurisdiction, shall be the sole and exclusive forums for any and all disputes, claims, or 

Exhibit 97.1 

 causes of action arising from or relating to the enforcement, performance or interpretation of this Policy. The Covered Executives, their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators and any other legal representative and the Company, shall not commence any suit, action or other proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement except in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey or any New Jersey court, and hereby waive, and agree not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense or otherwise, in any such suit, action or proceeding, any claim that such party is not subject to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts, that its property is exempt or immune from attachment or execution, that the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper or that this Policy or the subject matter hereof may not be enforced in or by such courts. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Covered Executives, their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators, and any other legal representative, and the Company, shall waive (and shall hereby be deemed to have waived) the right to resolve any such dispute through a trial by jury. 
 
 (f) If any provision of this Policy is determined to be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law, such provision will be applied to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and shall automatically be deemed amended in a manner consistent with its objectives to the extent necessary to conform to any limitations required under applicable law. 
 
 Where to Go with Questions and Concerns 
 
 Questions 
 This policy is owned by the Legal & Compliance function within Catalent. Questions regarding the Policy can be directed to the Legal & Compliance Department at ethics catalent.com . 
 
 Consequences of Non-Compliance 
 Any employee, regardless of position or title, who violates any provision of this policy, may be subject to discipline, up to and including termination of employment. 
 
 4. Supporting Information 
 
 4.1 References 
 
 Number 
 Details 
 N A 

4.2 Policy Approvals 
 
 This policy has been approved by the Committee and the Board. 
 
 5. Revision History 

Exhibit 97.1 

 Version Number 
 Version Date 
 Policy Author 
 Summary of Change(s) Made 
 1 
 10 25 23 
 Legal & Compliance Department 
 Original policy 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 20
 ctlt-20230630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 21
 ctlt-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 22
 ctlt-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 23
 ctlt-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 24
 ctlt-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

