<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231130_10-K_edgar_data_1714367_0001683168-23-008537.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>296605</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>78102</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>192596</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-008537.hdr.sgml : 20231130
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231129194257
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-008537
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231130
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SigmaRenoPro, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001714367
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-221302
		FILM NUMBER:		231453692

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2658 DERBYSHIRE RD
		CITY:			MAITLAND
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32751
		BUSINESS PHONE:		407-963-8877

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2658 DERBYSHIRE RD
		CITY:			MAITLAND
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32751

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-008537.txt : 20231130

10-K
 1
 sigmarenopro_10k-063021.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT FOR 6-30-21

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ____ to ____ 

Commission file number 333-221302 

SIGMARENOPRO, INC. 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Nevada 
 2821 
 38-4045138 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (Primary Standard Industrial 
 Classification Number) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

112 NORTH CURRY STREET, Carson City, NV, 89703,
USA 

 (Address of principal executive offices, Zip
Code) 

(407) 963-8877 

 (Registrant's telephone number, including area
code) 

Securities registered
 pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: NONE 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
 the Exchange Act: Common Stock, 0.001 Par Value 
 
 (Title of Each Class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes No

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or, an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and
 emerging growth company , in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 (Do not check if smaller reporting company) 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of December 31, 2020, the
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold was approximately 55,000.00. 

The number of shares outstanding of each of the
issuer's classes of common stock, as of June 30, 2021 is as follows: 

Class
of Securities 
 
 Shares
Outstanding 
 
 Common Stock, 0.001 par value 
 
 4,500,000 

SIGMARENOPRO, INC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 1 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 2 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 2 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 2 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 2 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 3 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 4 

Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 4 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 6 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 7 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 7 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 7 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 8 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 9 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 1 1 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 13 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 13 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 14 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 15 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 16 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F-1 

i 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form
10-K constitute forward-looking statements made under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and assumptions and are subject to risks and
uncertainties. Words such as anticipate, assume, believe, estimate, expect, 
 goal, intend, plan, project, seek, target, and variations
of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements speak only
as of the date on which they are made. Such forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating
to certain factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. 

We cannot predict all of the risks and uncertainties.
Accordingly, such information should not be regarded as representations that the results or conditions described in such statements or
that our objectives and plans will be achieved and we do not assume any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any of these
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K and
include information concerning possible or assumed future results of our operations, including statements about potential acquisition
or merger targets; business strategies; future cash flows; financing plans; plans and objectives of management; any other statements regarding
future acquisitions, future cash needs, future operations, business plans and future financial results, and any other statements that
are not historical facts. 

These forward-looking statements represent our
intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors.
Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied
by those forward-looking statements. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking
statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than we have described. You are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K. All subsequent
written and oral forward-looking statements concerning other matters addressed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and attributable to
us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Except to the extent required by law, we undertake
no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, a change in events,
conditions, circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements, or otherwise. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

General 

As used in this Annual Report, references to the
Company , we , our , ours and us refer SIGMARENOPRO, INC., unless otherwise
indicated. In addition, references to our financial statements are to our consolidated financial statements except as the
context otherwise requires. 

We prepare our financial statements in United
States dollars and in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as applied in the United States, referred to as U.S. GAAP.
In this Annual Report, references to and dollars are to United States dollars. 

Overview 

SigmaRenoPro, Inc. we , or the
Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada as a for-profit Company on June 16, 2017. We are a development-stage Company which
originally intended to be in the business of matching home project owners with contractors in the United States. 

The Company underwent a change of control in June
2021, when the prior control shareholder, Omar Aamar, sold his shares of common stock to Global Marketing Services LLC, an entity controlled
by Ronald Jones. NFT Trading Company LLC also acquired an additional 1,600,000 shares of common stock from several minority shareholders
of the Company. 

As a result of the change of control, Omar Aamar
and Hosneih Aamar resigned from all positions with the Company and Ronald Jones was appointed the sole director and officer. 

Employees 

The Company currently has one employee, Ronald
Jones. 

Our Corporate Information 

Our principal executive office is located at 112
North Curry Street, Carson City, NV, 89703, USA. Our telephone number is (407) 963-8877. 

Our United States and registered statutory office
is located 112 North Curry Street, Carson City, NV, 89703. 

Available Information 

Copies of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other documents that we will file with or furnish to the SEC will be available free of charge by
sending a written request to our Corporate Secretary at our corporate headquarters. Additionally, the documents we file with the SEC is
or will be available free of charge at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington D.C. 20549. Other information
on the operation of the Public Reference Room is or will be available by calling the SEC at (800) SEC-0330. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Smaller reporting companies are not required to
provide the information required by this item. 

1 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We maintain our head office at 112 North Curry
Street, Carson City, NV, 89703 , USA 
.. We believe that all our property has been adequately maintained, is generally in good condition, and is suitable and adequate
for our business. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we
may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is
subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these, or other matters, may arise from time to time that may harm our business. 

ITEM 4.
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

2 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market for Our Common Stock 

There is no public market for
our common stock. 

Approximate Number of Holders of Our Common
Stock 

As of 6/30/2021, the Company had approximately 5 stockholders of record
and 4,500,000 shares of common stock were issued and outstanding. 

Our registrar and transfer agent for our common
stock is Nevada Agency and Transfer Company, its address is 50 West Liberty Street, Suite 880, Reno NV 89501, and their telephone number
and facsimile are +1-775-322-0626 and +1-775-322-5623, respectively. 

Dividend Policy 

The Company has not declared any dividends since
incorporation and does not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain most, if not all, of our available
funds and any future earnings to operate and expand our business. 

Our board of directors has discretion on whether
to pay dividends unless the distribution would render us unable to repay our debts as they become due. Even if our board of directors
decides to pay dividends, the form, frequency and amount will depend upon our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and
surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that the board of directors may deem relevant. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

There are no outstanding equity awards. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

There have been no sales of unregistered securities during the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2021, 

Purchases of Our Equity Securities 

No repurchases of our common stock were made during
fiscal 2021. 

Director Compensation 

Our directors are not compensated for their services. The board has
not implemented a plan to award options to our director. There are no contractual arrangements with any member of the board of directors.
We have no director's service contracts. 

3 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Smaller reporting companies are not required to
provide the information required by this item. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with our financial statements, including the notes thereto, appearing elsewhere in this annual report. The following discussion contains
forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed
in the forward-looking statements. Our audited financial statements are stated in United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance
with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 

Results of Operations for the year ended June 30, 2021 and June
30, 2020: 

Revenue 

For the years ended June 30,
2021 and 2020, we generated no revenue. 

Operating expenses 

Operating expense were 0.00
for the year ended June 30, 2021 as compared with 38,142 for the year ended June 30, 2020. This decrease is primarily attributable
to the discontinuation of operations. 

Net Loss 

Net loss decreased to 0.00 for
the year ended June 30, 2021 as compared with 38,142 for the year ended June 30, 2020. The increase is entirely attributable to a decrease
in operating expenses of approximately 38,142. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources and Cash Requirements 

At year ended June 30, 2021, the Company had cash
of 0.00. The Company had a working capital deficit of 0.00. 

During the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company
used 0.00 of cash in operating activities due to being in a shell status with no operations. 

During the year ended June 30, 2021 the Company
used no cash in investing activities. 

During the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company
generated 0.00 of cash in financing activities. 

We cannot guarantee that we will manage to sell
all the shares required. We will attempt to raise the necessary funds to proceed with all phases of our plan of operation. 

As of the date of this report, the current funds
available to the Company will not be sufficient to continue maintaining a reporting status. 

4 

Our auditors have issued a going concern 
opinion, meaning that there is substantial doubt we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months unless we obtain additional
capital. Our only sources for cash at this time are investments by others in this offering, selling our paper dung products and loans
from our director. We must raise cash to implement our plan and stay in business. 

Management believes that current trends toward lower capital investment
in start-up companies pose the most significant challenge to the Company s success over the next year and in future years. Additionally,
the Company will have to meet all the financial disclosure and reporting requirements associated with being a publicly reporting company.
The Company s management will have to spend additional time on policies and procedures to make sure it is compliant with various
regulatory requirements, especially that of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. This additional corporate governance time required
of management could limit the amount of time management has to implement is business plan and impede the speed of its operations. 

Limited operating history; need for additional capital 

There is no historical financial information about us upon which to
base an evaluation of our performance. We are in a start-up stage of operations and have generated limited revenues since inception. We
cannot guarantee that we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment
of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources and possible cost overruns due to price and cost increases in services
and products. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not maintain any off-balance sheet arrangements,
transactions, obligations or other relationships with unconsolidated entities that would be expected to have a material current or future
effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 

Going Concern 

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming we
will continue as a going concern, which contemplates, the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of
business. We incurred losses from operations of 38,142 and 0.00 for the years ended June 30, 2020 and 2021, respectively, and had an
accumulated deficit of 108,270 at June 30, 2021. In addition, we used cash from operating activities of 0.00 for the year ended June
30, 2021. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company will require additional funding to
execute its future strategic business plan. Successful business operations and its transition to attaining profitability are dependent
upon obtaining additional financing and achieving a level of revenue adequate to support its cost structure. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 

While the Company is attempting to establish an
ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating costs and allow it to continue as a going concern, the Company s cash
position may not be adequate to support the Company s daily operations. Management intends to raise additional funds by seeking
equity and/or debt financing; however there can be no assurances that it will be successful in those efforts. The ability of the Company
to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s ability to obtain financing, further implement its business plan,
and generate revenues. 

5 

There are significant risks and uncertainties which could negatively
affect the Company s operations. These are principally related to the existence of events of default under the Company s outstanding
debt obligations, which could trigger penalties. Furthermore, if our current indebtedness is not restructured, paid or converted into
equity, which is at the debt holder s discretion, our current operations do not generate sufficient cash to pay interest and principal
on these obligations when they become due. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will be able to pay these or other obligations
which we may incur in the future. In the event we are unable to restructure, pay or convert into equity the balance of our outstanding
indebtedness, the holders may obtain judgments against us and seek to enforce such judgments against our assets, in which event we will
be required to cease our business activities and the equity of our stockholders will be effectively wiped out. 

Our only sources of additional funds to meet continuing
operating expenses, fund additional research and development and fund additional working capital are through the sale of securities, and/or
debt instruments. We are actively seeking additional debt or equity financing, but no assurances can be given that such financing will
be obtained or what the terms thereof will be. We may need to discontinue a portion or all of our operations if we are unsuccessful in
generating positive cash flow or financing for our operations through the issuance of securities. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16,
 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfer of Assets Other than Inventory , which requires the recognition of the income
tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset, other than inventory, when the transfer occurs. ASU 2016-16 is effective for
interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
Leases, which will amend current lease accounting to require lessees to recognize (i) a lease liability, which is a lessee's obligation
to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis, and (ii) a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents
the lessee's right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. ASU 2016-02 does not significantly change lease
accounting requirements applicable to lessors; however, certain changes were made to align, where necessary, lessor accounting with the
lessee accounting model. This standard will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods
within those fiscal years. 

Management has considered all recent accounting
pronouncements issued since and their potential effect on our financial statements. The Company's management believes that these recent
pronouncements will not have a material effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 

Other recent accounting pronouncements issued
by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and the Securities and
Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company's present or future financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND
QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

The follow discussion about our market risk disclosures
involves forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. We are exposed
to market risk related to changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. We do not use derivative financial instruments
for speculative or trading purposes. 

Interest Rate Sensitivity 

We have no significant interest-bearing assets
and our convertible promissory notes and short-term loans are fixed rate securities. Our current exposure to market risk for changes in
interest rates relates primarily to the interest income generated by our cash deposits in banks and the fair value of our invested securities.
Although we do not believe that interest rate has had a material impact on our financial position or results of operations to date, increase
in interest rates in the future could increase interest cost on our new debt and could adversely impact our ability to refinance existing
debt and limit our acquisition and development activities. 

6 

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 

We currently have no significant exposure to foreign
exchange risk. 

Inflation Risk 

Inflationary factors such as increases in the
costs to acquire advertising rights and overhead costs may adversely affect our operating results. Although we do not believe that inflation
has had a material impact on our financial position or results of operations to date, a high rate of inflation in the future may have
an adverse effect on our ability to maintain current levels of gross margin and selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage
of revenues if the selling prices of our services do not increase with these increased costs. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

The financial statements required by this item
begin on page F-1 hereof. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure
based closely on the definition of disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures,
no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management
necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

At the end of the period covered by this Annual
Report, we conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based
upon the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of June 30, 2021, the disclosure controls
and procedures of our Company were not effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports was
recorded, processed, summarized and reported on a timely basis. 

The Company is undertaking to improve its internal
control over financial reporting and improve its disclosure controls and procedures. As of June 30, 2021, we had identified the following
material weaknesses which still exist through the date of this report: 

7 

As of June 30, 2021 and as of the date of this
report, we did not maintain effective controls over the control environment. Specifically, the Board does not currently have a director
who qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. The Company does not have
sufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of
both US GAAP and SEC guidelines. Additionally, because of the size of the Company s administrative staff, controls related to the
segregation of certain duties have not been developed and the Company has not been able to adhere to them. Since these entity level programs
have a pervasive effect across the organization, management has determined that these circumstances constitute a material weakness. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). The design
of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. All internal
control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the
risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial
statement preparation and presentation. 

We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision
and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our internal controls over
financial reporting as of June 30, 2021. Based on this assessment, management believes that, as of June 30, 2021, we did not maintain
effective controls over the financial reporting control environment. Specifically, the Board does not currently have a director who qualifies
as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. Further, because of the limited size of its
administrative support staff, and due to the financial constraints on the Company, management has not been able to develop or implement
controls related to the segregation of duties for purposes of financial reporting. Because of these material weaknesses, management has
concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2021, based on the criteria established
in the 2013 Internal Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 

No Attestation Report by Independent Registered
Accountant 

The effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of June 30, 2021 has not been audited by our independent registered public accounting firm by virtue of our exemption
from such requirement as a smaller reporting company. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in internal controls over
financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended June 30, 2021, which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

Not applicable 

8 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth the names, ages
and positions held with respect to each Director and Executive Officer of the Company as of the date of this Annual Report. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 Director Since 
 
 Ronald Jones 
 74 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Chairperson of the Board 
 June, 2021 

Each Director serves until our 2022 annual stockholders
meeting and until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified or earlier resignation or removal. 

Ronald Jones 

Mr. Jones was in the office furniture liquidation
and auction for 17 years. Mr. Jones retired in 2017 and remains retired but for his investing activities, including his role as officer
in two shell companies. 

Identification of Certain Significant Employees 

We have no employees who are not executive officers,
but who are expected to make a significant contribution to our business. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships between any
directors or officers of the Company. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors
or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

1. had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner
or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

2. been convicted in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject to a pending criminal (excluding traffic
violations and other minor offenses); 

3. been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any
court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any
type of business, securities, futures, commodities or banking activities; or 

4. been found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission
or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment
has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. 

9 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act 

Section 16(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our executive officers, directors and beneficial owner of more than 10 of a registered
class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission statements of ownership and changes in ownership. The
same persons are required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. We believe that, during fiscal 2018, all of
our executive officers, directors and beneficial owner of more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities complied with the
applicable filing requirements. 

In making these statements,
we have relied upon examination of the copies of all Section 16(a) forms provided to us and the written representations of our executive
officers, directors and beneficial owner of more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

The Board does not have a formal Code of Conduct and Ethics. 

Committees of Board of Directors 

There are currently no committees of the Board
of Directors. Our board of directors is of the view that it is appropriate for us not to have a standing nominating or audit committee
because the current size of our board of directors does not facilitate the establishment of a separate committee. Our board of directors
has performed, and will perform adequately, the functions of any specific committee. 

Board Oversight of Risk 

Our Board of Directors recognizes that, although
risk management is a primary responsibility of the Company's management, the Board plays a critical role in oversight of risk. The Board,
in order to more specifically carry out this responsibility, has assigned certain task focusing on reviewing different areas including
strategic, operational, financial and reporting, compensation, compliance, corporate governance and other risks to the relevant Board
Committees as summarized above. Each Committee then reports to the full Board ensuring the Board's full involvement in carrying out its
responsibility for risk management. 

10 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table sets forth information concerning
all compensation awarded to, earned by or paid during fiscal years 2019 and 2020, to the Named Executive Officers: 

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name
 and 
 Principal 
 Position 
 Year 
 Salary
 
 ) 
 Bonus
 
 ) 
 Stock
 
 Awards 
 )(3) 
 Option
 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan Compensation 
 ) 
 Nonqualified
 
 Deferred 
 Compensation
 
 Earnings ) 
 All
 Other 
 Compensation
 ) 
 Total
 
 ) 

Ronald Jones 
 2021 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 CEO Director (1) 
 2020 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Omar Aamar 
 2021 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 former President and CEO (2) 
 2020 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Hosmich Aamar 
 2021 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 former Secretary (2) 
 2020 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

(1) Appointed June 2021 
 
 (2) Resigned June 2021 

(3) 
 
 As required by SEC rules, amounts in the column
 Stock Awards present the aggregate grant date fair value of awards made each year computed in accordance with Financial Accounting
 Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification 718 Compensation Stock Compensation FASB
 ASC 718 ). The grant date fair value of each of the executives' award is measured based on the closing price of our common stock
 on the date of grant. 
 
 These amounts do not reflect whether the recipient
 has actually realized or will realize a financial benefit from the awards. Under generally accepted accounting principles, compensation
 expense with respect to stock awards granted to our employees, executives and directors is generally recognized over the requisite services
 period. The SEC's disclosure rules previously required that we present stock award information based on the amount recognized during the
 corresponding year for financial statement reporting purposes with respect to these awards. However, the recent changes in the SEC's disclosure
 rules require that we now present stock award amounts using the grant date fair value of the awards granted during the corresponding year. 

Currently, we do not provide any employees, including our named executive
officers any company sponsored retirement benefits. 

11 

Employment Agreements 

The Company has not entered into employment agreements
with our Named Executive Officers. 

Grants of Plan-Based Awards 

None. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

None 

Director Compensation 

Compensation paid to the Directors of the Company
in 2021 and 2020 is disclosed above. 

All the compensation packages for each of directors
are proposed by an executive and approved by the Board of Directors. Director compensation packages in 2021 may or will be adopted and
will generally consist of cash compensation and long-term incentive equity compensation. 

Limitation of Liability and Indemnification
of Officers and Directors 

Our bylaws provide for the indemnification of
our present and prior directors and officers or any person who may have served at our request as a director or officer of another corporation
in which we own shares of capital stock or of which we are a creditor, against expenses actually and necessarily incurred by them in connection
with the defense of any actions, suits or proceedings in which they, or any of them, are made parties, or a party, by reason of being
or having been director(s) or officer(s) of us or of such other corporation, in the absence of negligence or misconduct in the performance
of their duties. This indemnification policy could result in substantial expenditure by us, which we may be unable to recoup. 

Insofar as indemnification by us for liabilities
arising under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant
to provisions of the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification
is against public policy and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification by such director, officer or
controlling person of us in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding is asserted by such director, officer or controlling
person in connection with the securities being offered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling
precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed
in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 

At the present time, there is no pending litigation
or proceeding involving a director, officer, employee or other agent of ours in which indemnification would be required or permitted.
We are not aware of any threatened litigation or proceeding which may result in a claim for such indemnification. 

12 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF
CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following tables set forth information as
of June 30, 2021, regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock (a) by each stockholder who is known by the Company to own beneficially
in excess of 5 of our outstanding common stock; (b) by each of the Company's officers and directors; (c) and by the Company's officers
and directors as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, all persons listed below have (i) sole voting power and investment power with
respect to their shares of common stock, except to the extent that authority is shared by spouses under applicable law, and (ii) record
and beneficial ownership with respect to their shares of stock. 

The address for the director and named executive
officers is 112 North Curry Street, Carson City, NV, 89703. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Title of Class 

Amount and Nature
 of 
 Beneficial Ownership 
 
 Percentage of Class (1) 
 
 Ronald Jones (1) (2) 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 3,900,000 
 
 Direct 
 
 86.6 

Directors and Executive Officers
 As A Group (1 person) 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 3,900,000 

86.6 

(1) 
 Applicable
percentages are based on 4,500,000 shares outstanding, adjusted as required by rules of the SEC. Beneficial ownership is determined under
the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock subject to options,
warrants and convertible notes currently exercisable or convertible, or exercisable or convertible within 60 days are deemed outstanding
for computing the percentage of the person holding such securities but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any
other person. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table, we believe that each of the shareholders named in the table has
sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock indicated as beneficially owned by them. 

(2) 
 Omar Aamar sold his shares of common stock to Global
Marketing Services LLC, an entity controlled by Ronald Jones in June 2021. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None 

Changes in Control 

There are no arrangements known to us, including
any pledge by any person of our securities, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Company. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Related Party Transactions 

None 

Promoters and Certain Control Persons 

We did not have any promoters at any time during
the past five fiscal years. 

13 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES
AND SERVICES 

BF Borgers, CPA PC 5400 West Cedar Avenue Lakewood,
CO 80226, is our Principal Independent Registered Public Accountants engaged to audit our financial statements for the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

Audit Fees 

This category consists of fees for professional
services rendered by our principal independent registered public accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of
financial statements included in our quarterly reports and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting
firms in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years. 

Year Ended 

June 30, 2021 
 
 Audit fees:(1) 
 0.00 
 
 Audit related fees: 
 0.00 
 
 Tax fees: 
 0.00 
 
 All other fees: 
 0.00 
 
 Total 
 0.00 

Audit-Related Fees 

This category consists of fees for assurance and
related services by our principal independent registered public accountant that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit
or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees . The services for the fees disclosed under
this category include consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 

Tax Fees 

This category consists of fees for professional
services rendered by our principal independent registered public accountant for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 

All Other Fees 

This category consists of fees for services provided
by our principal independent registered public accountant other than the services described above. 

14 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) The following consolidated financial statements are filed as a
part of this Form 10-K: 

(i) 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

(ii) 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2021 and 2020 

(iii) 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

(iv) 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

(v) 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

(vi) 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(b) The following Exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith 

15 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SINGMARENOPRO, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Ronald Jones 

Ronald Jones 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: November 30, 2023 

16 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

SIGMARENOPRO, INC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

PAGE 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Balance Sheets at June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations for the year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 F-4 

Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 F-6 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the shareholders and the board of directors
of Sigmarenopro, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Sigmarenopro, Inc. (the Company as of June 30, 2020, the related statement of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit),
and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our
opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2020,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note B to the financial statements, the Company s
significant operating losses raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/s/ BF Borgers CPA PC 

 BF Borgers CPA PC 

We have served as the Company's auditor since
2020 

 Lakewood, CO 

 January 19, 2021 

F- 2 

SigmaRenoPro, Inc. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

June 30, 
 2021 
 June 30, 
 2020 

(Unaudited) 
 (Audited) 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash held in trust 
 
 5,566 
 
 Advances 

Prepaid expenses 
 
 838 

Total current assets 
 
 6,404 

Total assets 
 
 6,404 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Due to related parties 
 
 6,000 
 
 Short term fund 
 
 4,116 
 
 Accounts payable 
 
 5,607 

Total current liabilities 
 
 15,723 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders' equity 

Common stock: 0.001 par value, 75,000,000 shares authorized, 4,500,000 and
 4,500,000 shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively 
 4,500 
 4,500 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 103,770 
 68,900 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (108,270 
 (82,719 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 
 
 (9,319 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 6,404 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

SigmaRenoPro, Inc. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the year ended June 30, 

2021 
 2020 

Revenue 

Expenses 

General and Administrative Exp 
 263 
 6,401 
 
 Professional fees 
 24,588 
 20,432 
 
 Share transfer agent fee 
 700 
 785 

Total expenses 
 25,551 
 27,618 

Net (loss) 
 (25,551 
 (27,618 

Basic and diluted loss per common share 
 (0.0000 
 (0.0006 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 
 4,500,000 
 4,500,000 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

SigmaRenoPro,
Inc. 

 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

For the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2019 
 4,500,000 
 4,500 
 68,900 
 (55,101 
 18,299 

Net loss for the year ended June 30, 2020 

(27,618 
 (27,618 

Balance at June 30, 2020 
 4,500,000 
 4,500 
 68,900 
 (82,719 
 (9,319 

Net loss for the year ended June 30, 2021 

34,870 
 (25,551 
 9,319 

Balance at June 30, 2021 
 4,500,000 
 4,500 
 103,770 
 (108,270 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

SigmaRenoPro, Inc. 

 STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

For the years ended June 30, 

2021 
 2020 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 
 (25,551 
 (27,618 

Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities: 

Increase (Decrease) in advances 
 
 4,638 
 
 (Increase) Decrease in prepaid expenses 
 838 
 1,456 
 
 Increase (Decrease) in accounts payable 
 (5,607 
 5,607 
 
 Increase (Decrease) due to related party 
 (6,000 

Increase (Decrease) in short term fund 
 (4,116 
 4,116 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (40,436 
 (11,801 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 34,870 

Net increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 (5,566 
 (11,801 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of year 
 5,566 
 17,367 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of year 
 
 5,566 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

SIGMARENOPRO, INC. 

 NOTES TO AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE 30, 2021 

NOTE A SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

A summary of significant accounting policies of
Sigmarenopro, Inc. (the Company) is presented to assist in understanding the Company s financial statements. The accounting policies
presented in these footnotes conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and have been consistently
applied in the preparation of the accompanying financial statements. These financial statements and notes are representations of the Company s
management who are responsible for their integrity and objectivity. The Company has not realized revenues from its planned principal business
purpose. 

Organization, Nature of Business and Trade Name 

Sigmarenopro, Inc. (the Company) was incorporated
in the State of Nevada on June 16, 2017. Sigmarenopro, Inc. intends to provide home project owners with contractor match making services
in the U.S. Their customized match making service helps homeowners converge with professional contractors. They also intend to create
a collection of articles intended to help homeowners with home project information, including how to outline project requirements, select
the right contractor, interview contractors, draw up a project contract and settle disputes with contractors. Their service is deigned
to be free for all homeowners to use and post their projects and plan to build a network of professionally-skilled contractors who provide
a broad array of construction and renovation services for everything from changing light fixtures to complete kitchen renovation, and
from housecleaning services to new construction. 

The Company s principal office is in 112
North Curry Street, Carson City, NV, 89703, USA . 

The Company s activities are subject to
significant risks and uncertainties including failing to secure additional funding to operationalize the Company s website and apps
before another company develops similar websites or apps. 

Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, and pursuant to the rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and reflect all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments,
which management believes are necessary to fairly present the financial position, results of operations and cash flows at June 30, 2021
and for the related periods presented. 

Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment are carried at cost. Expenditures
for maintenance and repairs are charged against operations. Renewals and betterments that materially extend the life of the assets are
capitalized. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts,
and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in income for the period. 

Depreciation is computed for financial statement
purposes on a straight-line basis over estimated useful lives of the related assets. The estimated useful lives of depreciable assets
are: 

Type of Equipment 
 
 Estimated Useful Lives 
 
 Office Equipment 
 
 5-10 years 
 
 Copier 
 
 5-7 years 
 
 Vehicles 
 
 5-10 years 

F- 7 

Depreciation is computed under the modified accelerated cost
recovery system. For financial statements purposes, depreciation is computed under the straight-line method. 

The Company has been in the developmental stage
since inception and has no operations to date. The Company currently does not have any property and equipment. The above accounting policies
will be adopted upon the Company maintains property and equipment. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

For purposes of the statement of cash flows, the Company considers
all short-term debt securities purchased with maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

We have reviewed all the recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting
pronouncements and we do not believe any of these pronouncements will have a material impact on the Company. 

Revenue recognition 

The Company s revenue recognition policies
are in compliance with FASB ASC 605-35 Revenue Recognition . Revenue is recognized when a formal arrangement exists,
the price is fixed or determinable, all obligations have been performed pursuant to the terms of the formal arrangement and collectability
is reasonably assured. The Company recognizes revenues on sales of its services, based on the terms of the customer agreement. 
The customer agreement takes the form of either a contractor a customer purchase order and each provides information with respect to the
service being sold and the sales price. If the customer agreement does not have specific delivery or customer acceptance terms,
revenue is recognized at the time the service is provided to the customer. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The Company applies fair value accounting for all financial assets and liabilities and non-financial assets and liabilities that are recognized
or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis. The Company defines fair value as the price that would be
received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities, which are required to be recorded at fair value, the Company
considers the principal or most advantageous market in which the Company would transact and the market-based risk measurements or assumptions
that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, such as risks inherent in valuation techniques, transfer restrictions
and credit risk. Fair value is estimated by applying the following hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value
into three levels and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to
the fair value measurement: 

Level 1 Quoted prices in
active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 Observable
inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar
assets or liabilities in inactive markets, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for
substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level 3 Inputs that are
generally unobservable and typically reflect management s estimate of assumptions that market participants would use in
pricing the asset or liability. 

In accordance with the fair value accounting requirements,
companies may choose to measure eligible financial instruments and certain other items at fair value. The Company has not elected the
fair value option for any eligible financial instruments. 

As of June 30, 2021, the carrying value of loans
that are required to be measured at fair value, approximated fair value due to the short-term nature and maturity of these instruments. 

F- 8 

Advertising 

Advertising expenses are recorded as general and administrative expenses
when they are incurred. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. A change in managements estimates or assumptions could
have a material impact on Sigmarenopro, Inc. s financial condition and results of operations during the period in which such changes
occurred. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Sigmarenopro, Inc. s financial statements reflect all adjustments that
management believes are necessary for the fair presentation of their financial condition and results of operations for the periods presented. 

Capital Stock 

The Company has authorized Seventy Five Million
(75,000,000) shares of common stock with a par value of 0.001. Four Million Five Hundred and Thousand (4,500,000) shares of common stock
were issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2021. 

Income Taxes 

The Company recognizes the tax effects of transactions
in the year in which such transactions enter into the determination of netincome, regardless of when reported for tax purposes. 

NOTE B GOING CONCERN 

The Company's financial statements are prepared
using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization
of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. However, the Company does not have an established source of
revenues sufficient to cover its operating costs and to allow it to continue as a going concern. 

Under the going concern assumption, an entity
is ordinarily viewed as continuing in business for the foreseeable future with neither the intention nor the necessity of liquidation,
ceasing trading, or seeking protection from creditors pursuant to laws or regulations. Accordingly, assets and liabilities are recorded
on the basis that the entity will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. 

The ability of the Company to continue as a going
concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully accomplish the plan described in the Business paragraph and eventually attain profitable
operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that may be necessary if the Company is unable to continue
as a going concern. 

During the next year, the Company s foreseeable
cash requirements will relate to continual development of the operations of its business, maintaining its good standing and making the
requisite filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the payment of expenses associated with app development. The Company
may experience a cash shortfall and be required to raise additional capital. 

Historically, it has mostly relied upon internally
generated funds and funds from the sale of shares of stock to finance its operations and growth. Management may raise additional capital
through future public or private offerings of the Company s stock or through loans from private investors, although there can be
no assurance that it will be able to obtain such financing. The Company s failure to do so could have a material and adverse effect
upon it and its shareholders. 

In the past year, the Company funded operations
by using cash proceeds received through the issuance of common stock. For the coming year, the Company plans to continue to fund the Company
through debt and securities sales and issuances until the company generates enough revenues through the operations as stated above. 

F- 9 

NOTE C COMMON STOCK 

On June 2017, Company issued 1,150,000 Common
Shares to the director of the company at 0.008 per share for cash proceeds of 9,200. 

On June 2017, Company issued 1,150,000 common
shares to the secretary of the company at 0.008 per share for cash proceeds of 9,200. 

On April 2018, Company issued 560,000 common shares
to the various shareholder of the company at 0.025 per share for cash proceeds of 14,000. 

On May 2018, Company issued 640,000 common shares
to the various shareholder of the company at 0.025 per share for cash proceeds of 16,000. 

On June 2018, Company issued 1,000,000 common
shares to the various shareholder of the company at 0.025 per share for cash proceeds of 25,000. 

There were 4,500,000 and 4,500,000 shares of common stock issued and
outstanding as of June 30, 2021 and 2020 respectively. 

NOTE D RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

NONE 

NOTE E TRUST ACCOUNT 

Trust account (cash equivalent) is held by a law
firm which provides periodic statement and pay the bills on behalf of Sigmarenopro. Law firm charges fees for managing the trust account 

NOTE F PREPAID EXPENSES 

Prepaid expenses for the year ending June 30,
2021 consist of 0 towards share transfer fee expenses paid to NATCO, 0 towards registered agent fees and June 30, 2021 consists of 0
towards SEC filing charges and accounts book-keeping charges 

Prepaid expenses as of June 30, 2021 and 2020
is 0 and 838 respectively. 

NOTE G INCOME TAXES 

For the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company
has incurred net losses and therefore, has no tax liability. The net deferred tax asset generated by the loss carry-forward has been fully
reserved. The cumulative net operating loss carry-forward is approximately 82,719 at June 30, 2021 and will expire beginning in the year
2037. 

F- 10 

The provision for income
taxes differs from the amounts which would be provided by applying the statutory federal income tax rate of 21 and 21 to the net loss
before provision for income taxes as follows: 

For the year ended June 30, 2021 
 For the year ended June 30, 2020 

Income tax expense (benefit) at statutory rate 
 (5,800 
 (5,800 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 5,800 
 5,800 
 
 Income tax expense 

Net deferred tax assets
consist of the following components as of June 30, 2021: 

June 30, 2021 
 June 30, 2020 
 
 Gross deferred tax asset 
 17,371 
 17,371 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 (17,371 
 (17,371 
 
 Net deferred tax asset 

Due to the change
in ownership provisions of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carry forwards of approximately 82,719 for federal income
tax reporting purposes could be subject to annual limitations. Should a change in ownership occur, net operating loss carry forwards
may be limited as to use in future years. 

The Company has no uncertain
tax positions that require the Company to record a liability. 

The Company had no accrued
penalties and interest related to taxes as of June 30, 2021. 

F- 11 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 sigmarenopro_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Sigmarenopro, Inc. 

 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 

 Section 302 Certification 

I, Ronald Jones, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed
this annual report on Form 10-K of Sigmarenopro, Inc. for the year ended June 30, 2021; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, the results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The issuer's other
certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
for the issuer and have: 

(a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the
issuer's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the issuer's most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer's
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The issuer's other
certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the small
business issuer's auditors and the audit committee of the issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 all significant deficiencies in the design
or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer's ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the issuer's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 30, 2023 

Sigmarenopro, Inc. 

By: /s/ Ronald Jones 

Ronald Jones, 

Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer, principal accounting officer and principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 sigmarenopro_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Sigmarenopro, Inc. 

 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 

 Section 302 Certification 

I, Ronald Jones, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed
this annual report on Form 10-K of Sigmarenopro, Inc. for the year ended June 30, 2021; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, the results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The issuer's other
certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures(as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
for the issuer and have: 

(a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the
issuer's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the issuer's most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer's
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The issuer's other
certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the small
business issuer's auditors and the audit committee of the issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 all significant deficiencies in the design
or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer's ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the issuer's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 30, 2023 

Sigmarenopro, Inc. 

By: /s/ Ronald Jones 

Ronald Jones 

Chief Financial Officer, (principal executive officer, principal accounting officer and principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 sigmarenopro_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Sigmarenopro, Inc. 

 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 Section 906 Certifications 

In connection with the Annual Report of Sigmarenopro,
Inc., (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending June 30, 2021 (the Report I, Ronald Jones, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

This Certification is signed on November 30,
2023. 

Sigmarenopro, Inc. 

By: /s/ Ronald Jones 
 
 Ronald Jones, 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, (principal executive officer, principal accounting officer and principal financial officer) 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-OxleyAct of 2002, be deemed
filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

The forgoing certification is being furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether
made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 sigmarenopro_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

 Sigmarenopro, Inc. 

 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 Section 906 Certifications 

In connection with the Annual Report of Sigmarenopro,Inc.,
(the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending June 30, 2021 (the Report I, the Chief Financial Officer of
the Company certify, pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the
best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

This Certification is signed on November 30,
2023. 

Sigmarenopro, Inc. 

By: /s/ Ronald Jones 
 
 Ronald Jones, 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, (principal executive officer, principal accounting officer and principal financial officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to SIGMARENOPRO, INC. and will be retained by SIGMARENOPRO, INC. and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The forgoing certification is being furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether
made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

