<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231212_10-K_edgar_data_883241_0000883241-23-000019.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15061306</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>319624</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2859248</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5444912</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3321968</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2780877</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000883241-23-000019.hdr.sgml : 20231212
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231212172232
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000883241-23-000019
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		131
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231212
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231212

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SYNOPSYS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000883241
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				561546236
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19807
		FILM NUMBER:		231482119

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		675 ALMANOR AVE
		CITY:			SUNNYVALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94085
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6505845000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		675 ALMANOR AVE
		CITY:			SUNNYVALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94085

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000883241-23-000019.txt : 20231212

10-K
 1
 snps-20231031.htm
 10-K

snps-20231031 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Table of Contents 

 Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its 
 internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting 
 firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately billion. Aggregate market value excludes an aggregate of approximately 27.3 million shares of the registrant's common stock, par value of 0.01 per share (Common Stock) held by the registrant s executive officers and directors and by each person known by the registrant to own 5 or more of the outstanding common stock on such date. Exclusion of shares held by any of these persons should not be construed to indicate that such person possesses the power, direct or indirect, to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the registrant, or that such person is controlled by or under common control with the registrant. 
 On December 6, 2023, shares of Common Stock were outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 Fiscal year ended October 31, 2023 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page No. PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 16 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 30 
 Item 1C. 
 C ybersecurit y 
 30 
 Item 2. Properties 
 30 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 31 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 32 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 33 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 34 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 47 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 50 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 98 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 98 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 99 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 99 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 100 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 100 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 100 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 100 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 100 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 101 
 SIGNATURES 
 104 

i 

Table of Contents 

 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Form 10-K or the Annual Report) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any statements herein that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. Words such as may, will, could, would, can, should, anticipate, expect, intend, believe, estimate, project, continue, forecast, likely, potential, seek, or the negatives of such terms and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. This Form 10-K includes, among others, forward-looking statements regarding: 
 our business, product and platform strategies and business outlook; 
 the impact of macroeconomic conditions, increased global inflationary pressures and interest rates, potential economic slowdowns or recessions, legislative developments, trade disruptions, including export control restrictions, geopolitical pressures and conflicts, supply chain disruptions and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on our business and our customers businesses; 
 the exploration of strategic alternatives for our Software Integrity segment; 
 regulatory changes in the United States and other regions in which we operate; 
 demand for our products and our customers products; 
 the expected realization of our contracted but unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied performance obligations (backlog); 
 customer license renewals; 
 our ability to successfully compete in the markets in which we serve; 
 our license mix, business model and variability in our revenue; 
 the continuation of current industry trends towards customer and vendor consolidation, and the impact of such consolidation; 
 prior and future acquisitions, including the expected benefits and risks of completed acquisitions; 
 the completion of development of our unfinished products, or further development or integration of our existing products; 
 technological trends in integrated circuit design; 
 the status of litigation and/or regulatory investigations; 
 our ability to protect our intellectual property; 
 our ability to attract and retain senior management and key employees worldwide; 
 the impact of tax laws and changes in such laws on our business; 
 our cash, cash equivalents and cash generated from operations; and 
 our future liquidity requirements. 
 These statements are based on our current expectations about future events and involve certain known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results, time frames or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. Accordingly, we caution readers not to place undue reliance on these statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, among others, those listed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors and Item 3, Legal Proceedings ; and Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk and Item 9A, Controls and Procedures of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The information included herein represents our estimates and assumptions as of the date of this filing. Unless required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 the future. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to Synopsys, Inc. or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in this report and in other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business. 
 Fiscal Year End 
 Our fiscal year ends on the Saturday nearest to October 31 and consists of 52 weeks, with the exception that approximately every five years, we have a 53-week year. When a 53-week year occurs, we include the additional week in the first quarter to realign fiscal quarters with calendar quarters. Fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 were 52-week years and ended on October 28, 2023, October 29, 2022, and October 30, 2021, respectively. Fiscal 2024 will be a 53-week year. 
 For presentation purposes, this Annual Report on Form 10-K refers to the closest calendar month end. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Company and Segment Overview 
 Synopsys, Inc. (Synopsys, we, our or us) provides products and services used across the entire Silicon to Software spectrum to bring Smart Everything to life. From engineers creating advanced semiconductors to product teams developing advanced electronic systems to software developers seeking to ensure the security and quality of their code, our customers trust that our technologies will enable them to meet new requirements for energy efficiency, reliability, mobility, security and more. 
 We are a global leader in supplying the electronic design automation (EDA) software that engineers use to design and test integrated circuits (ICs), also known as chips or silicon. We provide software and hardware used to validate the electronic systems that incorporate chips and the software that runs on them, including cloud-based digital design flow to boost chip-design development productivity. We also provide technical services and support to help our customers develop advanced chips and electronic systems. These products and services are part of our Design Automation segment. 
 We also offer a broad and comprehensive portfolio of semiconductor intellectual property (IP) products, which are pre-designed circuits that engineers use as components of larger chip designs rather than designing those circuits themselves. These products and services are part of our Design IP segment. 
 We are also a leading provider of software tools and services that improve the security, quality and compliance of software in a wide variety of industries, including electronics, financial services, automotive, medicine, energy and industrials. These tools and services are part of our Software Integrity segment. 
 Corporate Information 
 We incorporated in 1986 in North Carolina and reincorporated in 1987 in Delaware. Our headquarters are located at 675 Almanor Avenue, Sunnyvale, California 94085, and our headquarters telephone number is (650) 584-5000. Our website is https://www.synopsys.com/. We have approximately 122 offices worldwide. 
 Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements, including those relating to our Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and any amendments to such reports or other information filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available through the Investor Relations page of our website https://investor.synopsys.com/overview/default.aspx free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC www.sec.gov ). We use our Investor Relations page as a routine channel for distribution of important information, including, among other things, news releases, investor presentations and financial information and to comply with our disclosure obligations under Regulation Fair Disclosure. The contents of our website are not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference. 
 Background 
 In this era of Smart Everything, we have seen a remarkable proliferation of consumer and wireless electronic products, particularly mobile devices. The growth of the Internet and cloud computing has provided people with new ways to create, store, and share information. At the same time, the increasing use of electronics in cars, buildings, appliances, and other consumer products is creating a connected landscape of smart devices. Numerous software applications have been developed to expand the potential of these connected devices. The increasing impact of artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning is driving an increase in the activity of new and existing chip and system design companies around the world. 
 These developments have been enabled by innovation in the semiconductor and software industries. It is now common for a single chip to combine many components (processor, communications, memory, custom logic, input/output) and embedded software into a single system-on-chip (SoC), necessitating highly complex chip designs. The most complex chips today contain more than a billion transistors. Transistors are the basic building blocks for ICs, each of which may have features that are less than 1/1,000th the diameter of a human hair. 
 These devices are manufactured using masks to direct beams of light onto a wafer of silicon. At such small dimensions, the wavelength of light itself can become an obstacle to production, proving too big to create such 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 dense features and requiring creative and complicated new approaches. Designers have turned to new manufacturing techniques to solve these problems, such as multiple-patterning lithography, FinFET 3D transistors and Gate-All-Around Field-Effect transistor structures, which in turn have introduced new challenges to design and production. 
 The popularity of mobile devices and other electronic products has increased demand for chips and systems with greater functionality and performance, reduced size, and lower power consumption. Our customers, who design those products, are facing intense pressure to deliver innovative offerings in shorter timeframes and at lower prices. In other words, innovation in chip and systems design often hinges on providing products better, sooner, and cheaper than competitors. The design of these chips and systems is extremely complex and necessitates state-of-the-art solutions. Over the past several years, market verticals including AI, 5G, automotive and cloud computing infrastructure have contributed to the ongoing demand for our products and services. 
 A similar dynamic is at work in the software arena, whether the software is embedded on a chip or used in other applications. The pace of innovation often requires developers to deliver more secure, high-quality software, which can include millions of lines of code, in increasingly frequent release cycles. Bugs, defects and security vulnerabilities in code can be difficult to detect and expensive to fix. Despite these challenges, it is crucial to have high-quality, secure code to ensure consumers' privacy and safety, especially at a time when software is critical in many industries across a growing array of smart devices. 
 Our Role As the Silicon to Software Partner 
 Synopsys' Silicon to Software technologies and services are designed to help our customers chip and system engineers and software developers speed up time to market, achieve the highest quality of results, mitigate risk, and maximize profitability. 
 Chip and systems designers must determine how best to design, locate and connect the building blocks of chips, and to verify that the resulting design behaves as intended and can be manufactured efficiently and cost-effectively. This is a complex, multi-step process that is expensive and time-consuming. Our wide range of products help at different steps in the overall design process, from the design of individual ICs to the design of larger systems. Our products increase designer productivity and efficiency by automating tasks, keeping track of large amounts of data, adding intelligence to the design process, facilitating reuse of past designs and reducing errors. Our IP products offer proven, high-quality pre-configured circuits that are ready to use in a chip design, saving customers time and enabling them to direct resources to features that differentiate their products. Our global service and support engineers provide expert technical support and design assistance to our customers. 
 Software developers are responsible for writing code that not only accomplishes its goals as efficiently as possible but also runs securely and is free of defects. We offer products that can help developers write higher quality, more secure code by analyzing code for quality defects and known security vulnerabilities, adding intelligence and automation to the software testing process, and helping to eliminate defects in a systematic manner. As developers make use of open source software in their code, our products can help developers better manage the composition and security of the code. Our products enable software developers to catch flaws earlier in the development cycle, when they are less costly to fix. 
 Products and Services 
 Design Automation Segment 
 Our Design Automation segment includes the EDA and Other revenue groups. 
 EDA 
 Designing ICs involves many complex steps, including, among others architecture definition, register transfer level (RTL) design, functional/RTL verification, logic design or synthesis, gate-level verification, floorplanning, place and route, and physical verification. Designers use our EDA products to automate the IC design process, reduce errors and enable more powerful and robust designs. 
 As the availability and amount of cloud-based data storage grows, customer interest in accessing EDA on the cloud is also increasing as customers seek to benefit from the scalability and flexibility that cloud computing can offer to their flows and engineering teams. While many of our solutions have been used in cloud-based environments for years, such as in a customer s own server and/or cloud environment, in fiscal 2022 we launched a Synopsys Cloud 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 offering that provides customers additional options for accessing our EDA products in their own cloud environments and in the industry s first EDA Software-as-a-Service solution developed in partnership with Microsoft Azure. 
 Our solutions comprehensively address the design process, featuring a large number of EDA products that generally fall into the following categories: 
 Digital and custom IC design and field programmable gate array (FPGA) design, which includes software tools to design, verify, implement and prepare an IC for manufacturing; 
 Verification, which includes technology to verify that an IC design behaves as intended; 
 Manufacturing, which includes products that both enable early manufacturing process development and convert IC design layouts into the masks used to manufacture the chips; and 
 AI driven EDA solutions, which include AI and machine learning tools to complement our EDA software stack. 
 Digital and Custom IC Design 
 Our Digital Design Family provides customers with a comprehensive digital design implementation solution that includes industry-leading products and redefines conventional design tool boundaries to deliver a more integrated flow than ever before, with better quality and time to results. The platform gives designers the flexibility to integrate internally developed tools as well as those from third parties. With innovative technologies, a common foundation, and flexibility, our Digital Design Family helps reduce design times, decrease uncertainties in design steps, and minimize the risks inherent in advanced, complex IC design. The platform supports multiple technology nodes, including advanced nodes at 12nm, 10nm, 8/7nm, 6 nm, 5/4nm, and 3nm, with technology collaborations on next-generation process technologies. 
 Key design products are available as part of the Digital Design Family and include Fusion Compiler RTL to GDSII design implementation, Design Compiler logic synthesis, IC Compiler II physical design, Synopsys TestMAX test and diagnosis, PrimeTime static timing analysis, StarRC parasitic extraction, IC Validator physical verification and 3DIC Compiler, the industry s first next-generation chip packaging solution, aimed at enabling customers to combine or stack multiple dice on a single chip. Many of our EDA solutions are bolstered by AI and machine learning capabilities. In addition, we offer Synopsys.ai TM , the first product in the market that brings AI to the entire design process. This groundbreaking solution handles design complexity and takes over repetitive tasks such as design space exploration, verification coverage and regression analytics, as well as test program generation, while helping to optimize power, performance, and area. This frees up engineers to focus on chip quality and differentiation and enables them to quickly migrate their chip designs from foundry to foundry or from process node to process node. 
 Our Custom Design Family is a unified suite of design and verification tools that accelerates the transistor-level design of robust analog, mixed-signal, and custom-digital ICs. The platform features visually assisted layout automation, high-performance circuit simulation, reliability-aware verification, and natively integrated StarRC extraction and physical verification. This product family includes Custom Compiler layout and schematic editor, StarRC parasitic extraction, IC Validator physical verification and PrimeSim. The PrimeSim solution integrates PrimeSim SPICE, PrimeSim HSPICE, PrimeSim Pro and PrimeSim XA. The PrimeWave design environment is also included and provides comprehensive analysis and improved productivity and ease of use across all tools in PrimeSim. 
 Our Silicon Lifecycle Management (SLM) Family is a data analytics-driven platform that uses in-chip monitoring and sensing to optimize all phases of the silicon lifecycle from design and manufacturing to in-field deployment and maintenance. The solution is integrated with the Digital Design Family for design calibration and analytics and includes Yield Explorer for product ramp analytics, SiliconDash for test and production analytics, TestMAX ALE (adaptive learning engine) for intelligent data extraction and communication to the SLM database and DesignWare PVT IP for in-chip monitoring and sensing. 
 FPGA Design 
 FPGAs are complex chips that can be customized or programmed to perform a specific function after they are manufactured. For FPGA design, we offer Synplify implementation software. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Verification 
 Our Verification Family is built from our industry-leading verification technologies, providing virtual prototyping, static and formal verification, simulation, emulation, FPGA-based prototyping, and debug in a unified environment with verification IP, planning, and coverage technology. By providing consistent compile, runtime and debug environments across the flow of verification tasks and by enabling seamless transitions across functions, the platform helps our customers accelerate chip verification, bring up software earlier, and get to market sooner with advanced SoCs. 
 The individual products and solutions included in the Verification Family include the following: 
 VC SpyGlass family of static verification technologies including lint, CDC (clock domain crossing), RDC (reset domain crossing), Constraint Checking, Synopsys TestMAX Advisor , and low-power analysis and verification; 
 VCS functional verification solution, our comprehensive RTL and gate-level simulation technology, including Fine-Grained Parallelism; 
 Verdi automated debug system, the industry s most comprehensive SoC debug; 
 VC Formal, our next-generation formal verification product; 
 ZeBu emulation systems, which use high-performance hardware to emulate SoC designs so that designers can accelerate hardware, software and power verification of large complex SoCs and perform earlier verification and optimization of the SoC together with software; 
 HAPS FPGA-based prototyping systems, which are integrated and scalable hardware-software solutions for early software development and faster time to market; 
 Virtualizer virtual prototyping solution, which addresses the increasing development challenges associated with software-rich semiconductor and electronic products by accelerating both the development and deployment of virtual prototypes; and 
 Platform Architect solution, which provides for early analysis and optimization of multi-core SoC architectures for performance and power; and 
 Other principal individual verification solutions, including the PrimeSim solution and the PrimeWave design environment. 
 Manufacturing 
 Our manufacturing solutions include Sentaurus technology computer-aided design device and process simulation products, Proteus mask synthesis tools, CATS mask data preparation software, Yield Explorer Odyssey, Yield-Manager yield management solutions and QuantumATK atomic-scale modeling software. 
 We also provide consulting and design services that address all phases of the SoC development process, as well as a broad range of expert training and workshops on our latest tools and methodologies. 
 AI Driven EDA Stack 
 Our EDA software stack spanning design, verification, and manufacturing is augmented with AI and machine learning through our Synopsys.ai suite of complementary solutions. Starting in design with design space optimization that autonomously learns through quickly exploring potential design alternatives, enabling engineers to develop superior design outcomes with significantly reduced effort as well as learning-based design retargeting to derivative processes, improved test coverage through AI-driven models while reducing test vectors and tester time, and analysis of silicon performance and quality that is leveraged for optimizing next-generation revisions of design. The Synopsys.ai solutions include: 
 DSO.ai Design Space Optimization for best quality of results and productivity with scaling of exploration design workflows; 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 VSO.ai Verification Space Optimization for improved functional verification coverage faster turnaround time; 
 TSO.ai Test Space Optimization for reduced pattern count, turnaround time and higher coverage; 
 ASO.ai Analog Space Optimization for analog layout optimization migration; 
 Design.da Design data analytics for actionable insights to unlock untapped power, performance, and area; 
 Silicon.da Silicon data analytics for root-cause analysis and part-level traceability of failures; and 
 Fab.da Manufacturing data analytics for improved process control, time-to-market, and user productivity. 
 Other 
 Our Other product group includes revenue from sales of products to university programs as well as our optical products, mechatronic simulation, and the impact of gains and losses from foreign currency hedges. 
 Design IP Segment 
 Our Design IP segment includes our Design IP products, which service companies primarily in the semiconductor and electronics industry. 
 Design IP Products 
 As more functionality converges into a single chip or even a multi-die system, the number of third-party IP blocks incorporated into designs is rapidly increasing. We provide the broadest, most comprehensive portfolio of high-quality, silicon-proven IP solutions for SoCs. Our broad Synopsys IP portfolio includes: 
 High-quality solutions for widely used wired and wireless interfaces such as USB, PCI Express, DDR, Ethernet, MIPI, HDMI, and Bluetooth Low Energy; 
 Logic libraries and embedded memories, including memory compilers, non-volatile memory, and standard cells with integrated test and repair; 
 Processor solutions, including configurable ARC processors, Neural Network processors, Digital Signal Processor cores, and software and application-specific instruction-set processor tools for embedded applications; 
 Security IP solutions, including cryptographic cores and software, security subsystems, platform security and secured interface IP; 
 An industry-leading IP offering for the automotive market, optimized for strict functional safety and reliability standards such as ISO 26262; and 
 SoC infrastructure IP, datapath and building block IP, mathematical and floating-point components, Arm AMBA interconnect fabric and peripherals, and verification IP. 
 Our IP Accelerated initiative augments our established, broad portfolio of silicon-proven Synopsys IP with IP Prototyping Kits and customized IP subsystems to accelerate prototyping, software development, and integration of IP into SoCs. 
 We offer a broad portfolio of IP that has been optimized to address specific application requirements for the mobile, automotive, digital home, Internet of things, and cloud computing markets, enabling designers to quickly develop SoCs in these areas . 
 Software Integrity Segment 
 Our Software Integrity segment helps organizations align people, processes and technology to intelligently address software risks across their portfolio and at all stages of the application lifecycle. The testing tools, services, and programs enable our customers to manage open source license compliance and detect, prioritize, and remediate security vulnerabilities and defects across their entire software development lifecycle. Our offerings include security 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 and quality testing products, managed services, programs and professional services, and training offered as on-premises and cloud-based delivery. 
 The Polaris Software Integrity Platform is designed to bring our products and services together into an integrated, easy-to-use solution that enables security and development teams to build secure, high-quality software faster. 
 Key offerings in this space include: 
 Intelligent Orchestration solution, which enables DevOps to build a testing pipeline that enables a company to define within its particular policy guidelines the rules to determine which tests to run, including the Synopsys portfolio tests, third party products, or open source tests; 
 Software Risk Manager, which correlates and prioritizes findings from the Synopsys portfolio, third party products, and open source tools, providing a comprehensive view of software security risk; 
 Coverity static analysis tools , which analyze software code to find crash-causing bugs, incorrect program behavior, the latest security vulnerabilities, memory leaks and other performance-degrading flaws; 
 Black Duck software composition analysis tools, which scan binary and source code for license and compliance issues and other known security vulnerabilities stemming from incorporated third-party and open source code; 
 WhiteHat Dynamic, our latest dynamic application security testing solution, which rapidly and accurately finds vulnerabilities in websites and applications; 
 Seeker IAST tool, which identifies exploitable security vulnerabilities while web applications are running, thereby verifying results and eliminating false positives; and 
 Defensics fuzz testing tools, which examine security vulnerabilities in software binaries and libraries, particularly network protocols and file formats, by systematically sending invalid or unexpected inputs to the system under test . 
 Managed services allow developers to test code across many dimensions, and to rapidly respond to changing testing requirements and evolving threats. This includes mobile application security testing services to find vulnerabilities in mobile applications as well as dynamic application security testing services, which identify security vulnerabilities while web applications are running, without the need for source code. 
 Programs and professional services address unique security and quality needs with specialized consulting by skilled experts, including the Building Security in Maturity Mode, which measures the effectiveness of software security initiatives by assessing the current state as compared to industry benchmarks, and the Black Duck on demand audit services, which provides open source compliance and software vulnerability assessments as part of the due diligence process for mergers and acquisitions. 
 Finally, training includes eLearning and instructor-led training that prepares developers and security professionals to build security and quality into their software development process and remediate found vulnerabilities and defects. 
 Customer Service and Technical Support 
 A high level of customer service and support is critical to the adoption and successful use of our products. We provide technical support for our products through application engineering teams. 
 Post-contract customer support includes providing frequent updates to maintain the utilization of the software due to rapid changes in technology. In our Design Automation and Design IP segments, post-contract customer support for our EDA and IP products also includes access to the SolvNet Plus portal, where customers can explore our complete design knowledge database, get self-help and get support. Updated regularly, the SolvNet Plus portal includes technical documentation, design tips and answers to user questions. Customers can also engage, for additional charges, with our worldwide network of applications consultants for additional support needs. 
 In our Software Integrity segment, post-contract customer support for our products includes access to our support community portal, where customers can access our product documentation, self-service training materials, customer forums and our product knowledge base. Customers can also raise support tickets, request replacement license keys and validate the terms of their active license keys through the portal. Our support community portal is 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 frequently updated with new and supplemental materials on a variety of topics. Customers may engage dedicated support engineers for an additional charge. 
 In addition, we offer training workshops designed to increase customer design proficiency and productivity with our products. Workshops cover our EDA products and methodologies used in our design and verification flows, as well as specialized modules addressing systems design, logic design, physical design, simulation and testing. We offer regularly scheduled public and private courses in a variety of locations worldwide, as well as online training (live or on-demand) through our Virtual Classrooms. 
 Product Warranties 
 We generally warrant our products to be free from defects in media and to substantially conform to material specifications for a period of 90 days for our software products and for up to six months for our hardware products. In certain cases, we also provide our customers with limited indemnification with respect to claims that their use of our software products infringes on patents, copyrights, trademarks or trade secrets. We have not experienced material warranty or indemnity claims to date. 
 Support for Industry Standards 
 We actively create and support standards that help our EDA and IP customers increase productivity, facilitate efficient design flows, improve interoperability of tools from different vendors and ensure connectivity, functionality and interoperability of IP building blocks. Standards in the electronic design industry can be established by formal accredited organizations, industry consortia, company licensing made available to all, de facto usage, or through open source licensing. 
 In our Design Automation segment, our EDA products support many standards, including the most commonly used hardware description languages: SystemVerilog, Verilog, VHDL and SystemC. Our products utilize numerous industry-standard data formats, APIs and databases for the exchange of design data among our tools, other EDA vendors products and applications that customers develop internally. 
 In our Design IP segment, we comply with a wide range of industry standards within our IP product family to ensure usability and interconnectivity. 
 In our Software Integrity segment, our solutions support several existing and emerging industry standards for software coding and security, such as the Motor Industry Software Reliability Association coding standards for the automotive industry. In addition, our products support multiple major programming languages, including C/C++, Objective C, C#, JavaScript (including many commonly used frameworks), and others. In addition, we support many common compilers, development environments, frameworks, and data and file formats. 
 Sales and Distribution 
 Our Design Automation and Design IP segment customers are primarily semiconductor and electronics systems companies. The customers for products in our Software Integrity segment include many of these companies as well as companies from a wider array of industries, including electronics, financial services, automotive, medicine, energy and industrials. 
 We market our products and services principally through direct sales in the United States and our principal foreign markets. Our Software Integrity segment continues to grow its indirect sales partner program, enabling our Software Integrity segment to engage geographies beyond the reach of our direct sales force and opening opportunities in targeted vertical markets. We typically distribute our software products and documentation to customers electronically, but provide physical media (e.g., DVD-ROMs) when requested by the customer. 
 We maintain sales and support centers throughout the United States. Outside the United States, we maintain sales, support or service offices in Canada, multiple countries in Europe, Israel and throughout Asia, including Japan, China, Korea, India and Taiwan. Our offices are further described under Part I, Item 2, Properties of this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 
 Information relating to domestic and foreign operations, including revenue and long-lived assets by geographic area, is contained in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Risks related to our foreign operations are described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue Attributable to Product Groups 
 Revenue from our products and services is categorized into four groups: 
 EDA, which includes digital and custom IC design software, verification hardware and software products, manufacturing-related design products, FPGA design software, AI driven EDA solutions, and professional services; 
 Design IP, which includes our Synopsys IP portfolio; 
 Software Integrity, which includes solutions that test software code for security vulnerabilities and quality defects, as well as professional and managed services; and 
 Other, which includes university programs, optical products, mechatronic simulation, and the impact of gains and losses from foreign currency hedges. 
 Revenue attributable to each of our four product groups is shown below as a percentage of our total revenue for those fiscal years. 
 
 Aggregate revenue derived from one of our customers and its subsidiaries through multiple agreements accounted for 12.4 , 11.7 and 10.6 of our total revenue in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Product Sales and Licensing Agreements 
 We typically license our software to customers under non-exclusive license agreements that restrict use of our software to specified purposes within specified geographical areas. The majority of licenses to our EDA products are network licenses that allow a number of individual users to access the software on a defined network, including, in some cases, regional or global networks. The majority of licenses to our Software Integrity products are capacity or user licenses that allow a number of users to access the software based on a specified number of team members or specified code-bases in a defined territory. License fees depend on the type of license, product mix, and number of copies of each product licensed. 
 For a full discussion of our software product offerings, see Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 We typically license Synopsys IP products under nonexclusive license agreements that provide usage rights for specific designs. Fees under these licenses are typically charged on a per design basis plus, in some cases, royalties. See Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies and Bases of Presentation of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 Our hardware products, which principally consist of our prototyping and emulation systems, are either sold or leased to our customers. Risks related to disruptions in our supply chain affecting our business are described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our professional services team typically provides design consulting services to our customers under consulting agreements with statements of work specific to each project. 
 Competition 
 Within our Design Automation segment, we compete against other EDA vendors and against our customers own design tools and internal design capabilities. The EDA industry is highly competitive. In general, we compete principally on technology leadership, product quality and features (including ease-of-use), license terms, price and payment terms, post-contract customer support, flexibility of tool use, and interoperability with our own and other vendors products. We also deliver a significant amount of engineering and design consulting for our products. No single factor drives an EDA customer s buying decision, and we compete on all fronts to capture a higher portion of our customers budgets. Our competitors include EDA vendors that offer varying ranges of products and services, such as Cadence Design Systems, Inc. and Siemens EDA. We also compete with other EDA vendors, including new entrants to the marketplace, that offer products focused on one or more discrete phases of the IC design process, as well as with customers internally developed design tools and capabilities. 
 Within our Design IP segment, Synopsys competes against numerous other IP providers, including Cadence Design Systems, Inc., and our customers' internally developed IP. We generally compete on the basis of product quality, reliability, features, availability of titles for new manufacturing processes, ease of integration with customer designs, compatibility with design tools, license terms, price and payment terms, and customer support. 
 Our Software Integrity segment competes with numerous solution providers, many of which focus on specific aspects of software security or quality analysis. We also compete with frequent new entrants, which include start-up companies and more established software companies. For example, competitors named in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Application Security Testing include Checkmarx Ltd., Veracode, Inc., Open Text Corporation, GitHub, Inc. and Snyk Ltd. 
 Risks related to competitive factors affecting our business are described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Proprietary Rights 
 We primarily rely upon a combination of copyright, patent, trademark, and trade secret laws and license and non-disclosure agreements to establish and protect our proprietary rights. We have a diversified portfolio of more than 3,300 United States and foreign patents issued, and we will continue to pursue additional patents in the future. Our issued patents have expiration dates through 2044 and generally have a term of twenty years from filing. Our patents primarily relate to our products and the technology used in connection with our products. Our source code is protected both as a trade secret and as an unpublished copyrighted work. However, third parties may independently develop similar technology. In addition, effective copyright and trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited in some foreign countries. While protecting our proprietary technology is important to our success, our business as a whole is not significantly dependent upon any single patent, copyright, trademark, or license. 
 In many cases, under our customer agreements and other license agreements, we offer to indemnify our customers if the licensed products infringe on a third party s intellectual property rights. As a result, we may from time to time need to defend claims that our customers use of our products infringes on these third-party rights. We license software and other intellectual property from third parties, including, in several instances, for inclusion in our products. Risks related to our use of third-party technology are described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 
 Environment, Social and Governance Matters 
 At Synopsys, our Smart Future Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) strategy provides a framework for how we manage our own operational impact on the world and our ability to influence others to do the same, as we 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 believe this approach supports the success of the business. We leverage our strategy and our corporate governance processes to assess and manage the ESG matters that are relevant to our business as part of our efforts to operate in a sustainable manner. 
 We aim to influence positive social and environmental change across our ecosystem by applying our resources, competencies, and team-based problem-solving approach. Our technology is in action in countless ways, from bringing safety and security to the driverless car revolution to enabling the technologies that are an increasingly vital component of protecting human health and well-being. 
 The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee of our Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing policies; practices; priority and risk assessments; risk management initiatives, goals and progress toward goals; and public disclosures relating to ESG matters, except to the extent delegated to other committees of our Board of Directors, such as matters related to human capital management and diversity, equity and inclusion. 
 Additional information about our approach to our ESG priorities is available on our ESG website, including our Environmental Policy and our ESG Report. The contents of our website and ESG Report are referenced for general information only and are not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 At Synopsys, we are committed to empowering our employees to pursue their passion, challenge themselves and their peers, and make their mark on the world. We believe this creates value for us, our stockholders, and the lives of the people we impact every day. Our commitment to attracting, developing and retaining top talent makes this goal possible and our constant pursuit of improving our employees' experience promotes a culture where employees can thrive in their career. As of our fiscal 2023 year-end, Synopsys had approximately 20,300 employees, with approximately 24 in the United States and 76 in other locations around the world. Approximately 80 of our employees are engineers, and over half of those employees hold Masters or PhD degrees. The human capital measures and objectives that we focus on include recruitment and retention; diversity, equity and inclusion; total rewards; employee health, safety, and wellbeing; employee engagement and development; and succession planning. 
 Risks related to our human capital are described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Recruitment and Retention 
 Our workforce is representative of the industry we serve. In fiscal 2023, we increased our employee headcount by approximately 7 , with a continued focus on promoting gender diversity with respect to those in technical and senior level positions and ensuring a vibrant talent pipeline with early career hiring and investment in training and development. As of our fiscal 2023 year-end, our undesired turnover rate was 2.7 . 1 We attribute the strong retention of our talented workforce to a number of factors, including exciting and challenging assignments; growth opportunities; strong leadership and management; a culture of integrity; our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion; competitive and equitable compensation and benefits; our leading products and technology; and the strength of our customer relationships. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 We seek to integrate diversity, equity and inclusion into our corporate values at every level from our foundation of integrity to our execution excellence and from our dedicated leadership to our united passion for a better tomorrow. We strive to maintain a culture that values different perspectives and backgrounds, where everyone is treated with respect for who they are, and where people feel a sense of belonging. We believe this is not only essential for our success as a global leader in innovation, but also for the success of our employees in their own careers. We value the diversity of our teams, talent pipelines and pay and development programs, with a goal to ensure inclusive, equitable practices. We carefully study retention trends and feedback from diverse groups to identify areas where we can improve. 
 
 1 We calculate undesired turnover rate by dividing the number of undesired exits from Synopsys by the average headcount for fiscal 2023, and we define undesired turnover as exits by high-performing employees who resigned from Synopsys (or its subsidiaries) to pursue other work opportunities. Undesired turnover does not include employees with low performance, mutual resignations, or resignations due to personal reasons (e.g., retirement or returning to school). 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 As of our fiscal 2023 year-end: 
 Women comprised 25.4 of our global workforce; 
 Women in senior level positions comprised 13.1 of all senior level positions at the company; and 
 U.S. Black, Latinx, and Indigenous persons comprised 5.8 of our U.S. workforce. 
 We provide training designed to encourage equitable and inclusive behavior to attract, retain and develop our workforce. In addition, our Employee Resource Groups, which are vital to our Synopsys community, host events and implement actions to attract and engage diverse talent and foster an inclusive workplace. 
 In fiscal 2023, we included workforce metrics such as diversity, employee retention and employee engagement as incentive plan goals for our executive officers to advance key diversity and human capital initiatives. We believe these initiatives help to ensure that we continue to seek out strong, diverse, qualified candidates, and that we develop and retain key talent. 
 Total Rewards 
 Our Total Rewards are designed to offer meaningful benefits and compensation for the time, energy, commitment, skills, and expertise employees bring to the company every day. We have practices in place that are intended to deliver fair and equitable compensation for employees based on their contribution and performance. We benchmark market practices and regularly review our compensation and benefits against the market to help ensure that it is competitive. We also offer a comprehensive set of benefits for employees and their families, focused on physical, mental and financial health and wellbeing. Our compensation and benefit programs are tailored to the various geographies in which we operate, and for eligible employees may include: 
 Market-competitive salary and cash bonus opportunity; 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan; 
 Equity compensation; 
 Robust medical, dental, vision, and wellness benefits; 
 Comprehensive leave plans; 
 Life insurance options; 
 Retirement plans and associated benefits; 
 Financial planning tools and employee assistance plans; 
 Student loan repayment assistance; 
 Cancer-specific prevention, early detection, treatment and support programs; and 
 Parental resources and adoption benefits. 
 Health, Safety and Wellbeing 
 Our commitment to health, safety, and wellness was underscored this year by the support and resources we offered to help employees thrive in a hybrid work environment while balancing their personal lives. Through our Stronger Through Wellbeing campaign, our leaders and managers are encouraged to model the importance of health and wellbeing, and many create opportunities to engage in wellness-related activities as a team. We also offer a variety of programs and resources at no cost to employees and their family members to support their mental, emotional, and financial wellbeing. 
 Employee Engagement 
 We have a comprehensive employee feedback program, and we use the feedback to gain an understanding of the employee experience and to make improvements in a variety of areas from how we interact with customers to how we share best practices, and more. Through our semi-annual SHAPE Synopsys surveys, we obtain employee insight into our values, manager effectiveness, ability to innovate, perceptions on diversity, inclusion and belonging, 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 and other critical factors. We also use the surveys to create space for important conversations about who we are, where we are going, and how we can connect with each other and our work. 
 Approximately 94 of our employees participated in our SHAPE survey in May 2023. We received an engagement score of 82, which is calculated by computing the average score set to a 100-point scale, for all employee responses to the questions pertaining to employee satisfaction and job satisfaction. These results demonstrate Synopsys' stability, resiliency, and a global workforce that is highly engaged. We saw strong scores from our employees regarding their connection to our culture, their personal investment in Synopsys strategies and objectives, and their team s ability to innovate. As we grow, we aspire to maintain our results-oriented culture by balancing productivity with smart investments in our employees development, while also supporting individual wellbeing two key drivers of the overall employee experience. 
 We believe ongoing performance feedback encourages greater engagement in our business and improved individual performance. Each year, our employees participate in our performance development process that summarizes key accomplishments for the preceding year, establishes new stretch goals, and identifies critical capabilities for development. As part of this process, we encourage managers to solicit and share supportive multi-rater feedback, further strengthening the focus on teamwork and team success. 
 Talent Development and Succession Planning 
 We offer several programs to support the career advancement of our employees. Through our digital learning platform, we foster and support an always learning culture where employees can access training, external articles, videos, and blogs. In addition, we host a series of in-person and on-demand learning sessions designed to build capability and adaptability required for the future. As employees advance in their careers, our training framework is intended to build new capabilities on established foundational skills. 
 Based upon the belief that our employees deserve great managers, our management training is designed to increase capability in the areas of communication, engagement, coaching, diversity, equity, and inclusion, hiring and on-boarding, and business skills and help promote an ethical and supportive work environment free from bias and harassment. In fiscal 2023, we introduced a new leadership training, and focused on helping our many managers thrive in connecting team work to company priorities while giving them the tools to be great coaches and leaders. In addition, our regions and business teams customize development programs for their specific needs. 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 The executive officers of Synopsys and their ages as of December 12, 2023 were as follows: 
 Name Age Position Aart J. de Geus 69 Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Directors 
 Sassine Ghazi 53 President and Chief Operating Officer Shelagh Glaser 59 Chief Financial Officer Richard Mahoney 61 Chief Revenue Officer John F. Runkel, Jr. 68 General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 
 Aart J. de Geus co-founded Synopsys and has served as Chair of our Board of Directors since February 1998 and Chief Executive Officer since January 1994. He served as Co-Chief Executive Officer with Dr. Chi-Foon Chan from May 2012 until April 2022. Effective January 1, 2024, Dr. de Geus will transition into the role of Executive Chair of our Board of Directors. Since the inception of Synopsys in December 1986, Dr. de Geus has held a variety of positions, including President, Senior Vice President of Engineering and Senior Vice President of Marketing. He has served as a member of our Board of Directors since 1986, and as Chair of our Board of Directors from 1986 to 1992 and again from 1998 until his upcoming transition to Executive Chair on January 1, 2024. Dr. de Geus has also served on the board of directors of Applied Materials, Inc. since July 2007. Dr. de Geus holds an M.S.E.E. from the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne, Switzerland and a Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from Southern Methodist University. 
 Sassine Ghazi has served as our Chief Operating Officer since August 2020, became our President in November 2021 and joined our Board of Directors in August 2023. Effective January 1, 2024, Mr. Ghazi will assume the role of President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Ghazi joined Synopsys in March 1998 as an Application Engineer and served as General Manager of the Design Group. Prior to joining Synopsys, Mr. Ghazi was a design engineer at Intel Corporation. Mr. Ghazi received his bachelor s degree in Business Administration from Lebanese American 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 University; a B.S.E.E from the Georgia Institute of Technology in 1993; and an M.S.E.E. from the University of Tennessee in 1995. 
 Shelagh Glaser has served as our Chief Financial Officer since December 2022. Prior to joining Synopsys, Ms. Glaser served as Chief Financial Officer of Zendesk, Inc. from May 2021 to November 2022. Ms. Glaser previously served in senior finance roles at Intel Corporation, a multinational technology company, including serving as its Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer for its Data Platform Group from July 2019 to May 2021 and serving as its Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and in various other senior roles in its Client Computing Group from December 2013 to July 2019. Ms. Glaser has served as a director and member of the Audit Committee at PubMatic, Inc. since June 2022. Ms. Glaser holds a B.A. in Economics from the University of Michigan and an M.B.A. in Finance from Carnegie Mellon University. 
 Richard Mahoney has served as our Chief Revenue Officer since November 2022. Mr. Mahoney joined Synopsys as a Special Projects Advisor in May 2022. Prior to joining Synopsys, Mr. Mahoney held several senior management positions with Ansys, Inc. from 2016 to 2022, including most recently as Senior Vice President of Worldwide Sales, Marketing and Customer Excellence from December 2016 to May 2022. Prior to joining Ansys, from 2014 to 2016, Mr. Mahoney was Senior Vice President, Design Enablement and International Sales, at Global Foundries, a semiconductor manufacturing company. Mr. Mahoney holds an A.S. in Computer Science from the Maxwell Institute of Technology. 
 John F. Runkel, Jr. has served as our General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since May 2014. From October 2008 to March 2013, he was Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary of Affymetrix, Inc. He served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Intuitive Surgical, Inc. from 2006 to 2007. Mr. Runkel served in several roles at VISX, Inc. from 2001 to 2005, most recently as Senior Vice President of Business Development and General Counsel. Mr. Runkel was also a partner at the law firm of Sheppard, Mullin, Richter Hampton LLP for 11 years. Mr. Runkel holds a Bachelor of Arts and a Juris Doctorate from the University of California, Los Angeles. 
 There are no family relationships among any Synopsys executive officers or directors. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 A description of the risk factors associated with our business is set forth below. Some of these risks are highlighted in the following discussion, and in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Legal Proceedings, and Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. The occurrence of any of these risks or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, and stock price. These risks and uncertainties could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report. Investors should carefully consider all relevant risks and uncertainties before investing in our common stock. 
 Industry Risks 
 Uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, and its potential impact on the semiconductor and electronics industries, may negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, including the effects of, among other things, increased global inflationary pressures and interest rates, potential economic slowdowns or recessions, supply chain disruptions, geopolitical pressures, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and associated global economic conditions have resulted in volatility in credit, equity and foreign currency markets. This uncertain macroeconomic environment could lead some of our customers to postpone their decision-making, decrease their spending and/or delay their payments to us. Such caution by customers could, among other things, limit our ability to maintain or increase our sales or recognize revenue from committed contracts. 
 
 For example, we continue to experience an impact from the current macroeconomic environment in our Software Integrity segment as customers have applied elevated levels of scrutiny to purchasing decisions due in part to their own budget uncertainty, which has, in some cases, affected customer order size, pricing and/or contract duration. On November 29, 2023, we announced that we have decided to explore strategic alternatives for our Software Integrity segment. As a part of this process, our management is considering a full range of strategic opportunities. At this time we cannot predict the impact that such strategic alternatives might have on our business, operations or financial condition. This announcement and uncertainty could have a number of negative effects on our current business, including potentially disrupting our regular operations, diverting the attention of our workforce and management team and increasing undesired workforce turnover. It could also disrupt existing business relationships, make it harder to develop new business relationships, or otherwise negatively impact the way that we operate our business, which could negatively impact our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 If these macroeconomic uncertainties persist and economic conditions continue to deteriorate, then the semiconductor and electronics industries could fail to grow. Additionally, uncertain macroeconomic conditions could also have the effect of increasing other risks and uncertainties facing our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Such risks that may be heightened by uncertain macroeconomic conditions could include China s stated policy of becoming a global leader in the semiconductor industry may lead to increased competition or further disruption of international trade relationships, including, but not limited to, additional government trade restrictions. For more on risks related to government export and import restrictions such as the U.S. government s Entity List and Export Regulations (as defined below), see Industry Risks We are subject to governmental export and import requirements that could subject us to liability and restrict our ability to sell our products and services, which could impair our ability to compete in international markets. 
 Adverse economic conditions affect demand for devices that our products help create, such as the ICs incorporated in personal computers, smartphones, automobiles and servers. Longer-term reduced demand for these or other products could result in reduced demand for design solutions and significant decreases in our average selling prices and product sales over time. Future economic downturns could also adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, if our customers or distributors build elevated inventory levels, we could experience a decrease in short-term and/or long-term demand for our products. If any of these events or disruptions were to occur, the demand for our products and services could be adversely affected along with our business, operating results and financial condition. Further, the negative impact of these events or disruptions may be deferred due to our business model. 
 Further economic instability could also adversely affect the banking and financial services industry and result in bank failures or credit downgrades of the banks we rely on for foreign currency forward contracts, credit and banking transactions, and deposit services, or cause them to default on their obligations. Additionally, the banking 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 and financial services industries are subject to complex laws and are heavily regulated. There is uncertainty regarding how proposed, contemplated or future changes to the laws, policies and regulations governing our industry, the banking and financial services industry and the economy could affect our business, including increased global interest rates and global inflationary pressure. A deterioration of conditions in worldwide credit markets could limit our ability to obtain external financing to fund our operations and capital expenditures. In addition, difficult economic conditions may also result in a higher rate of losses on our accounts receivable due to credit defaults. Any of the foregoing could cause adverse effects on our business, operating results and financial condition, and could cause our stock price to decline. 
 The growth of our business depends primarily on the semiconductor and electronics industries. 
 The growth of the EDA industry as a whole, sales in our Design Automation and Design IP segments, and, to some extent, our Software Integrity segment sales are dependent on the semiconductor and electronics industries. A substantial portion of our business and revenue depends upon the commencement of new design projects by semiconductor manufacturers, systems companies and their customers. The increasing complexity of designs of SoCs, ICs, electronic systems and customers concerns about managing costs have previously led to, and in the future could lead to, a decrease in design starts and design activity in general. For example, in response to this increasing complexity, some customers may choose to focus on one discrete phase of the design process or opt for less advanced, but less risky, manufacturing processes that may not require the most advanced EDA products. Demand for our products and services could decrease and our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected if growth in the semiconductor and electronics industries slows or stalls, including due to increased global inflationary pressures and interest rates, a continued or worsening global supply chain disruption, geopolitical pressures or economic slowdowns or recessions. Additionally, as the EDA industry has matured, consolidation has resulted in stronger competition from companies better able to compete as sole source vendors. This increased competition may cause our revenue growth rate to decline and exert downward pressure on our operating margins, which would have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 Furthermore, the semiconductor and electronics industries have become increasingly complex and interconnected ecosystems. Many of our customers outsource the manufacturing of their semiconductor designs to foundries. Our customers also frequently incorporate third-party IP, whether provided by us or other vendors, into their designs to improve the efficiency of their design process. We work closely with major foundries to ensure that our EDA, IP and manufacturing solutions are compatible with their manufacturing processes. Similarly, we work closely with other major providers of semiconductor IP, particularly microprocessor IP, to optimize our EDA tools for use with their IP designs and to assure that their IP and our own IP products work effectively together, as we may each provide for the design of separate components on the same chip. If we fail to optimize our EDA and IP solutions for use with major foundries manufacturing processes or major IP providers products, or if our access to such foundry processes or third-party IP products is hampered, then our solutions may become less desirable to our customers, resulting in an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 We operate in highly competitive industries, and if we do not continue to meet our customers demand for innovative technology at lower costs, our products may not be competitive or may become obsolete. 
 In our Design Automation segment, we compete against EDA vendors that offer a variety of products and services, such as Cadence Design Systems, Inc. and Siemens EDA. We also compete with other EDA vendors, including new entrants to the marketplace, that offer products focused on one or more discrete phases of the IC design process. Moreover, our customers internally develop design tools and capabilities that compete with our products. In our Design IP segment, we compete against a growing number of silicon IP providers as well as our customers internally developed IP. In our Software Integrity segment, we compete with other solution providers, many of which focus on specific aspects of software security or quality analysis. We also compete with frequent new entrants, which include start-up companies and more established software companies. 
 The industries in which we operate are highly competitive, with new competitors entering these markets both domestically and internationally. For example, China has implemented national policies favoring Chinese companies and has formed government-backed investment funds as it seeks to build independent EDA capabilities and compete internationally in the semiconductor industry. The demand for our products and services is dynamic and depends on a number of factors, including, among other things, demand for our customers products, design starts and our customers budgetary constraints. Technology in these industries evolves rapidly and is characterized by frequent product introductions and improvements as well as changes in industry standards and customer requirements. For example, the adoption of cloud computing and artificial intelligence (AI) technologies can bring new demand and also challenges in terms of disruption to both business models and our existing technology 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 offerings. Our efforts in developing such new technology solutions, including, for example, our current efforts in creating cloud computing and AI solutions, may not succeed. Semiconductor device functionality requirements continually increase while feature widths decrease, which substantially increases the complexity, cost and risk of chip design and manufacturing. At the same time, our customers and potential customers continue to demand a lower total cost of design, which can lead to the consolidation of their purchases from one vendor. In order to succeed in this environment, we must successfully meet our customers technology requirements and increase the value of our products, while also striving to reduce their overall costs and our own operating costs. 
 We compete principally on the basis of technology, product quality and features (including ease-of-use), license or usage terms, post-contract customer support, interoperability among products, and price and payment terms. Specifically, we believe the following competitive factors affect our success: 
 Our ability to anticipate and lead critical development cycles and technological shifts, innovate rapidly and efficiently, improve our existing software and hardware products, and successfully develop or acquire such new products; 
 Our ability to offer products that provide both a high level of integration into a comprehensive platform and a high level of individual product performance; 
 Our ability to enhance the value of our offerings through more favorable terms such as expanded license usage, future purchase rights, price discounts and other differentiating rights, such as multiple tool copies, post-contract customer support, re-mix rights that allow customers to exchange the software they initially licensed for other Synopsys products, and the ability to purchase pools of technology; 
 Our ability to manage an efficient supply chain to ensure hardware product availability; 
 Our ability to compete on the basis of payment terms; and 
 Our ability to provide engineering and design consulting for our products. 
 If we fail to successfully manage any of these competitive factors, fail to successfully balance the conflicting demands for innovative technology and lower overall costs, or fail to address new competitive forces, our business, operating results and financial condition will be adversely affected. 
 We are subject to governmental export and import requirements that could subject us to liability and restrict our ability to sell our products and services, which could impair our ability to compete in international markets. 
 We are subject to export controls, laws and regulations that restrict selling, shipping or transmitting certain of our products and services and transferring certain of our technology outside the United States. These requirements also restrict domestic release of software and technology to certain foreign nationals. In addition, we are subject to customs and other import requirements that regulate imports that may be important for our business. 
 If we fail to comply with the U.S. Export Administration Regulations or other U.S. or non-U.S. export requirements (collectively, the Export Regulations), we could be subject to substantial civil and criminal penalties, including fines for the company and the possible loss of the ability to engage in exporting and other international transactions. Due to the nature of our business and technology, the Export Regulations may also subject us to governmental inquiries regarding transactions between us and certain foreign entities. For example, we have received administrative subpoenas from the U.S. Bureau of Industry and Security (the BIS) requesting production of information and documentation relating to transactions with certain Chinese entities. We believe that we are in full compliance with all applicable regulations and are working with the BIS to respond to its subpoenas. However, we cannot predict the outcome of the inquiries or their potential effect on our operations or financial condition. 
 We believe that the Export Regulations do not materially impact our business at this time, but we cannot predict the impact that additional regulatory changes may have on our business in the future. The United States has published significant changes to the Export Regulations with respect to Russia and China, and we anticipate additional changes to the Export Regulations in the future. For example, the United States government has implemented controls on advanced computing ICs, computer commodities that contain such ICs, and certain semiconductor manufacturing items, as well as controls on transactions involving items for supercomputer and semiconductor manufacturing end-users. The controls expand the scope of foreign-produced items subject to license requirements for certain entities on the U.S. government's Entity List. Future changes to the Export Regulations, including 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 changes in the enforcement and scope of such regulations, may create delays in the introduction of our products or services in international markets or could prevent our customers with international operations from deploying our products or services globally. In some cases, such changes could prevent the export or import of our products. 
 Consolidation among our customers and within the industries in which we operate, as well as our dependence on a relatively small number of large customers, may negatively impact our operating results. 
 A number of business combinations and strategic partnerships among our customers in the semiconductor and electronics industries have occurred over the last several years, and more could occur in the future. Consolidation among our customers could lead to fewer customers or the loss of customers, increased customer bargaining power or reduced customer spending on software and services. Further, we depend on a relatively small number of large customers, and on such customers continuing to renew licenses and purchase additional products from us, for a large portion of our revenues. Consolidation among our customers could also reduce demand for our products and services if customers streamline research and development or operations, or reduce or delay purchasing decisions. Reduced customer spending or the loss of customers, particularly our large customers, could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 In addition, we and our competitors may acquire businesses and technologies to complement and expand our respective product offerings. Consolidated competitors could have considerable financial resources and channel influence as well as broad geographic reach, which may enable them to be more competitive in, among other things, product differentiation, breadth of technology portfolio, pricing, marketing, services or support. Such consolidations or acquisitions could negatively impact our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Business Operations Risks 
 The global nature of our operations exposes us to increased risks and compliance obligations. 
 We derive roughly half of our revenue from sales outside the United States, and we expect our orders and revenue to continue to depend on sales to customers outside the U.S. We have also continually expanded our non-U.S. operations. This strategy requires us to recruit and retain qualified technical and managerial employees, manage multiple remote locations performing complex software development projects, and ensure intellectual property protection outside of the U.S. Our international operations and sales subject us to a number of increased risks, including: 
 Economic slowdowns, recessions or uncertainty in financial markets, including, among other things, the impact of increased global inflationary pressures and interest rates; 
 Uncertain economic, legal and political conditions in China, Europe and other regions where we do business, including, for example, changes in China-Taiwan relations, regional or global military conflicts, and related sanctions and financial penalties imposed on participants in such conflicts; 
 Government trade restrictions, including tariffs, export controls or other trade barriers, and changes to existing trade arrangements, including the unknown impact of current and future U.S. and Chinese trade regulations; 
 Ineffective or weaker legal protection of intellectual property rights; 
 Difficulties in adapting to cultural differences in the conduct of business, which may include business practices in which we are prohibited from engaging by the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other anti-corruption laws; 
 Financial risks such as longer payment cycles, changes in currency exchange rates and difficulty in collecting accounts receivable; 
 Inadequate local infrastructure that could result in business disruptions; 
 Additional taxes, interest and potential penalties and uncertainty around changes in tax laws of various countries; and 
 Other factors beyond our control such as natural disasters, terrorism, civil unrest, war and infectious diseases and pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Furthermore, if any of the foreign economies in which we do business deteriorate or if we fail to effectively manage our global operations, our business and operating results will be harmed. 
 There is inherent risk, based on the complex relationships between certain Asian countries such as China, where we derive a growing percentage of our revenue, and the United States, that political, diplomatic or military events could result in trade disruptions, including tariffs, trade embargoes, export restrictions and other trade barriers. A significant trade disruption, export restriction, or the establishment or increase of any trade barrier in any area where we do business could reduce customer demand and cause customers to search for substitute products and services, make our products and services more expensive or unavailable for customers, increase the cost of our products and services, have a negative impact on customer confidence and spending, make our products less competitive, or otherwise have a materially adverse impact on our backlog, future revenue and profits, our customers and suppliers business, operating results and financial condition. For example and as described above, the ongoing geopolitical and economic uncertainty between the U.S. and China, the unknown impact of current and future U.S. and Chinese trade regulations, and other geopolitical risks with respect to China and Taiwan may cause disruptions in the markets and industries we serve and our supply chain, decreased demand from customers for products using our solutions or other disruptions, which could, directly or indirectly, materially harm our business, operating results and financial condition. For more on risks related to government export and import restrictions such as the U.S. government s Entity List and the Export Regulations see Industry Risks We are subject to governmental export and import requirements that could subject us to liability and restrict our ability to sell our products and services, which could impair our ability to compete in international markets. 
 
 In response to the U.S. adopting tariffs and trade barriers or taking other actions, other countries may also adopt tariffs and trade barriers that could limit our ability to offer our products and services. Current and potential customers who are concerned or affected by such tariffs or restrictions may respond by developing their own products or replacing our solutions, which would have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, government or customer efforts, attitudes, laws or policies regarding technology independence may lead to non-U.S. customers favoring their domestic technology solutions that could compete with or replace our products, which would also have an adverse effect on our business. 
 In addition to tariffs and other trade barriers, our global operations are subject to numerous U.S. and foreign laws and regulations such as those related to anti-corruption, tax, corporate governance, imports and exports, financial and other disclosures, privacy and labor relations. These laws and regulations are complex and may have differing or conflicting legal standards, making compliance difficult and costly. In addition, there is uncertainty regarding how proposed, contemplated or future changes to these complex laws and regulations could affect our business. We may incur substantial expense in complying with the new obligations to be imposed by these laws and regulations, and we may be required to make significant changes in our business operations, all of which may adversely affect our revenues and our business overall. If we violate these laws and regulations, we could be subject to fines, penalties or criminal sanctions, and may be prohibited from conducting business in one or more countries. Any violation individually or in the aggregate could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. 
 Our financial results are also affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. A weakening U.S. dollar relative to other currencies increases expenses of our foreign subsidiaries when they are translated into U.S. dollars in our consolidated statements of income. Likewise, a strengthening U.S. dollar relative to other currencies, including the renminbi or Yen, reduces revenue of our foreign subsidiaries upon translation and consolidation. Exchange rates are subject to significant and rapid fluctuations due to a number of factors, including interest rate changes and political and economic uncertainty. Therefore, we cannot predict the prospective impact of exchange rate fluctuations. We may be unable to hedge all of our foreign currency risk, which could have a negative impact on our operating results. 
 Our operating results may fluctuate in the future, which may adversely affect our stock price. 
 Our operating results are subject to quarterly and annual fluctuations, which may adversely affect our stock price. Our historical results should not be viewed as indicative of our future performance due to these periodic fluctuations. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Many factors may cause our backlog, revenue or earnings to fluctuate, including, among other things: 
 Changes in demand for our products especially products, such as hardware, generating upfront revenue due to fluctuations in demand for our customers products and due to constraints in our customers budgets for research and development and EDA products and services; 
 Changes in demand for our products due to customers reducing their expenditures, whether as a cost-cutting measure or a result of their insolvency or bankruptcy, and whether due to increased global inflationary pressures and interest rates and a sustained global semiconductor shortage or other reasons; 
 Product competition in the EDA industry, which can change rapidly due to industry or customer consolidation and technological innovation; 
 Our ability to innovate and introduce new products and services or effectively integrate products and technologies that we acquire; 
 Failures or delays in completing sales due to our lengthy sales cycle, which often includes a substantial customer evaluation and approval process because of the complexity of our products and services; 
 Our ability to implement effective cost control measures; 
 Our dependence on a relatively small number of large customers, and on such customers continuing to renew licenses and purchase additional products from us, for a large portion of our revenue; 
 Changes to the amount, composition and valuation of, and any impairments to or write-offs of, our assets or strategic investments; 
 Changes in the mix of our products sold, as increased sales of our products with lower gross margins, such as our hardware products, may reduce our overall margins; 
 Expenses related to our acquisition and integration of businesses and technologies; 
 Changes in tax rules, as well as changes to our effective tax rate, including the tax effects of infrequent or unusual transactions and tax audit settlements; 
 Delays, increased costs or quality issues resulting from our reliance on third parties to manufacture our hardware products, which includes a sole supplier for certain hardware components; 
 Natural variability in the timing of IP drawdowns, which can be difficult to predict; 
 General economic and political conditions that affect the semiconductor and electronics industries, such as disruptions to international trade relationships, including tariffs, export licenses, or other trade barriers affecting our or our suppliers products; and 
 Changes in accounting standards, which may impact the way we recognize our revenue and costs and impact our earnings. 
 The timing of revenue recognition may also cause our revenue and earnings to fluctuate. The timing of revenue recognition is affected by factors that include: 
 Cancellations or changes in levels of orders or the mix between upfront products revenue and time-based products revenue; 
 Delay of one or more orders for a particular period, particularly orders generating upfront products revenue, such as hardware; 
 Delay in the completion of professional services projects that require significant modification or customization and are accounted for using the percentage of completion method; 
 Delay in the completion and delivery of IP products in development as to which customers have paid for early access; 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Customer contract amendments or renewals that provide discounts or defer revenue to later periods; and 
 The levels of our hardware and IP revenues, which are recognized upfront and are primarily dependent upon our ability to provide the latest technology and meet customer requirements. 
 These factors, or any other factors or risks discussed herein, could negatively impact our backlog, revenue or earnings and cause our stock price to decline. Additionally, our results may fail to meet or exceed the expectations of securities analysts and investors, or such analysts may change their recommendation regarding our stock, which could cause our stock price to decline. Our stock price has been, and may continue to be, volatile, which may make it more difficult for our stockholders to sell their shares at a time or a price that is favorable to them. 
 Cybersecurity threats or other security breaches could compromise sensitive information belonging to us or our customers and could harm our business and our reputation, particularly that of our security testing solutions. 
 We store sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our customers, and personal information, in our data centers, on our networks or on the cloud. In addition, our operations depend upon our information technology (IT) systems. We maintain a variety of information security policies, procedures, and controls to protect our business and proprietary information, prevent data loss and other security breaches and incidents, keep our IT systems operational and reduce the impact of a security breach or incident, but these securities measures cannot provide and have not provided absolute security. In the normal course of business, our systems are and have been the target of malicious cyber attack attempts and have been and may be subject to compromise due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions that have and could result in unauthorized disclosure or loss of sensitive information. To date, we have not identified material cyber security incidents or incurred any material expenses with any incidents. However, any breach or compromise could adversely impact our business and operations, expose us or our customers to litigation, investigations, loss of data, increase costs, or result in loss of customer confidence and damage to our reputation, any of which could adversely affect our business and our ability to sell our products and services. 
 Industry incidences of cyberattacks and other cybersecurity breaches have increased and are likely to continue to increase. We are using an increasing number of third-party software solutions, including cloud-based solutions, which increase potential threat vectors, such as by exploitation of misconfigurations or vulnerabilities. We also use third-party vendors that provide software or hardware, have access to our network, and/or store sensitive data, and these third parties are subject to their own cybersecurity threats. Our standard vendor terms and conditions include provisions requiring the use of appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of our data, as well as other safeguards. Despite these measures, there is no guarantee that a compromise of our third-party vendors will not occur and in turn result in a compromise of our own IT systems or data. In addition, if we select a vendor that uses cloud storage as part of their service or product offerings, or if we are selected as a vendor for our cloud-based solutions, our proprietary information could be misappropriated by third parties despite our attempts to validate the security of such services. Many employees continue to work remotely based on a hybrid work model, which magnifies the importance of maintaining the integrity of our remote access security measures. We also periodically acquire new businesses with less mature security programs, and it takes time to align their security practices to meet our information security policies, procedures and controls. 
 The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to networks or to sabotage systems of companies such as ours change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target. We may be unable to anticipate these emerging techniques, react in a timely manner, or implement adequate preventative measures, or we may not have sufficient logging available to fully investigate the incident. Our security measures vary in maturity across the business and may be and have been circumvented. For example, we have identified instances where employees have used non-approved applications for business purposes, some of which do not meet our security standards. In addition, we discovered unauthorized third-party access to our products and product license files hosted on our SolvNet Plus customer license and product delivery system in 2015. Any security breach of our own or a third-party vendor s systems could cause us to be non-compliant with applicable laws or regulations, subject us to legal claims or proceedings, disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and cause a loss of confidence in our products and services, any of which could adversely affect our business and our ability to sell our products and services. 
 Our software products, hosted solutions and software security and quality testing solutions are also targeted by hackers and may be compromised by, among other things, phishing, exploits of our code or our system configurations, malicious code (such as viruses and worms), distributed denial-of-service attacks, sophisticated 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 attacks conducted or sponsored by nation-states, advanced persistent threat intrusions, ransomware and other malware. We leverage many security best practices throughout the software development lifecycle, but our security development practices vary in maturity across the business and may not be effective against all cybersecurity threats. Furthermore, due to geopolitical incidents, including regional military conflicts, state-supported and geopolitical-related cybersecurity incidents against companies such as ours may increase. Attacks on our products could potentially disrupt the proper functioning of our software, cause errors in the output of our customers work, allow unauthorized access to our or our customers proprietary information or cause other destructive outcomes. 
 We also offer software security and quality testing solutions. If we fail to identify new and increasingly sophisticated methods of cyber attacks or fail to invest sufficient resources in research and development regarding new threat vectors, our security testing products and services may not detect vulnerabilities in our customers software code. An actual or perceived failure to detect security flaws may negatively impact the perceived reliability of our security testing products and services, and could result in a loss of customers or sales, or an increased cost to remedy a problem. Furthermore, our growth and recent acquisitions in the software security and quality testing space may increase our visibility as a security-focused company and may make us a more attractive target for attacks on our own IT infrastructure. As a result, we could experience negative publicity and our reputation could suffer, customers could stop buying our products, we could face lawsuits and potential liability, and our business, operating results and financial condition could be negatively impacted. 
 If we fail to protect our proprietary technology, our business will be harmed. 
 Our success depends in part upon protecting our proprietary technology. Our efforts to protect our technology may be costly and unsuccessful. We rely on agreements with customers, employees and other third parties as well as intellectual property laws worldwide to protect our proprietary technology. These agreements may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. Additionally, despite our measures to prevent piracy, other parties may attempt to illegally copy or use our products, which could result in lost revenue if their efforts are successful. Some foreign countries do not currently provide effective legal protection for intellectual property and our ability to prevent the unauthorized use of our products in those countries is therefore limited. Our trade secrets may also be stolen, otherwise become known, or be independently developed by competitors. 
 From time to time, we may need to commence litigation or other legal proceedings in order to assert claims of infringement of our intellectual property; defend our products from piracy; protect our trade secrets or know-how; or determine the enforceability, scope and validity of the propriety rights of others. 
 If we do not obtain or maintain appropriate patent, copyright or trade secret protection for any reason, or cannot fully defend our intellectual property rights in certain jurisdictions, our business and operating results would be harmed. In addition, intellectual property litigation is lengthy, expensive and uncertain. Legal fees related to such litigation will increase our operating expenses and may reduce our net income. 
 We may not be able to realize the potential financial or strategic benefits of the transactions we complete, or find suitable target businesses and technology to acquire, which could hurt our ability to grow our business, develop new products or sell our products and services. 
 Acquisitions and strategic investments are an important part of our growth strategy. We have completed a significant number of acquisitions in recent years. We expect to make additional acquisitions and strategic investments in the future, but we may not find suitable acquisition or investment targets, or we may not be able to consummate desired acquisitions or investments due to unfavorable credit markets, commercially unacceptable terms, failure to obtain regulatory approvals, competitive bid dynamics or other risks, which could harm our operating results. 
 Acquisitions and strategic investments are difficult, time-consuming, and pose a number of risks, including, but not limited to: 
 Potential negative impact on our earnings per share; 
 Failure of acquired products to achieve projected sales; 
 Problems in integrating the acquired products with our products; 
 Difficulties entering into new markets in which we are not experienced or where competitors may have stronger positions; 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Potential downward pressure on operating margins due to lower operating margins of acquired businesses, increased headcount costs, and other expenses associated with adding and supporting new products; 
 Difficulties in retaining and integrating key employees; 
 Substantial reductions of our cash resources and/or the incurrence of debt, which may be at higher than anticipated interest rates; 
 Failure to realize expected synergies or cost savings; 
 Difficulties in integrating or expanding sales, marketing and distribution functions and administrative systems, including IT and human resources systems; 
 Dilution of our current stockholders through the issuance of common stock as a part of transaction consideration; 
 Difficulties in negotiating, governing and realizing value from strategic investments; 
 Assumption of unknown liabilities, including tax, litigation, cybersecurity and commercial-related risks, and the related expenses and diversion of resources; 
 Incurrence of costs and use of additional resources to remedy issues identified prior to or after an acquisition; 
 Disruption of ongoing business operations, including diversion of management s attention and uncertainty for employees and customers, particularly during the post-acquisition integration process; 
 Potential negative impacts on our relationships with customers, distributors and business partners; 
 Exposure to new operational risks, regulations and business customs to the extent acquired businesses are located in regions where we are not currently conducting business; 
 The need to implement controls, processes and policies appropriate for a public company at acquired companies that may have previously lacked such controls, processes and policies in areas such as cybersecurity, IT, privacy and more; 
 Negative impact on our net income resulting from acquisition or investment-related costs; and 
 Requirements imposed by government regulators in connection with their review of an acquisition, including required divestitures or restrictions on the conduct of our business or the acquired business. 
 Additionally, we have divested and may in the future divest certain product lines or technologies that no longer fit our long-term strategies. Divestitures may adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition if we are unable to achieve the anticipated benefits or cost savings from such divestitures, or if we are unable to offset impacts from the loss of revenue associated with the divested product lines or technologies. For example, if we decide to sell or otherwise dispose of certain product lines or assets, we may be unable to do so on satisfactory terms within our anticipated timeframe or at all. Further, whether such divestitures are ultimately consummated or not, their pendency could have a number of negative effects on our current business, including potentially disrupting our regular operations, diverting the attention of our workforce and management team and increasing undesired workforce turnover. It could also disrupt existing business relationships, make it harder to develop new business relationships, or otherwise negatively impact the way that we operate our business. 
 If we do not manage the foregoing risks, the transactions that we complete or are unable to complete may have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

24 

Table of Contents 

 If we fail to timely recruit and/or retain senior management and key employees globally, our business may be harmed. 
 We depend in large part upon the services of our senior management team and key employees to drive our future success, and certain of such personnel depart our company from time to time, with the frequency and number of such departures varying widely. For example, we have recently experienced significant changes to our executive leadership team due to planned succession and other departures. The departure of key employees could result in significant disruptions to our operations, including adversely affecting the timeliness of our product releases, the successful implementation and completion of our initiatives, the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting, and our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 To be successful, we must also attract senior management and key employees who join us organically and through acquisitions. There are a limited number of qualified engineers. Competition for these individuals and other qualified employees is intense and has increased globally, including in major markets such as Asia. Our employees are often recruited aggressively by our competitors and our customers worldwide. Any failure to recruit and/or retain senior management and key employees could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Additionally, efforts to recruit such employees could be costly and negatively impact our operating expenses. 
 We issue equity awards from employee equity plans as a key component of our overall compensation. We face pressure to limit the use of such equity-based compensation due to dilutive effects on stockholders. If we are unable to offer attractive compensation packages in the future, it could limit our ability to attract and retain key employees. 
 We may pursue new product and technology initiatives, and if we fail to successfully carry out these initiatives, we could be adversely impacted. 
 As part of the evolution of our business, we have made substantial investments to develop new products and enhancements to existing products through our acquisitions and research and development efforts. If we are unable to anticipate technological changes in our industry by introducing new or enhanced products in a timely and cost-effective manner, or if we fail to introduce products that meet market demand, we may lose our competitive position, our products may become obsolete, and our business, operating results and financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Additionally, from time to time, we may invest in efforts to expand into adjacent markets, including, for example, software security, quality testing solutions and AI. Although we believe these solutions are complementary to our EDA tools, we have less experience and a more limited operating history in offering software quality testing and security products and services, and our efforts in creating AI technology solutions such as Synopsys.ai may not be successful. Our success in these and other new markets depends on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 Our ability to attract a new customer base, including in industries in which we have less experience; 
 Our successful development of new sales and marketing strategies to meet customer requirements; 
 Our ability to accurately predict, prepare for and promptly respond to technological developments in new fields, including, in the case of our software quality testing and security tools and services, identifying new security vulnerabilities in software code and ensuring support for a growing number of programming languages; 
 Our ability to compete with new and existing competitors in these new industries, many of which may have more financial resources, industry experience, brand recognition, relevant intellectual property rights or established customer relationships than we currently do, and could include free and open source solutions that provide similar software quality testing, security tools and AI solutions without fees; 
 Our ability to skillfully balance our investment in adjacent markets with investment in our existing products and services; 
 Our ability to attract and retain employees with expertise in new fields; 
 Our ability to sell and support consulting services at profitable margins; and 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to manage our revenue model in connection with hybrid sales of licensed products and consulting services. 
 Difficulties in any of our new product development efforts or our efforts to enter adjacent markets, including as a result of delays or disruptions, or export control restrictions, could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 We may have to invest more resources in research and development than anticipated, which could increase our operating expenses and negatively affect our operating results. 
 We devote substantial resources to research and development. New competitors, technological advances in the semiconductor industry or by competitors, our acquisitions, our entry into new markets or other competitive factors may require us to invest significantly greater resources than we anticipate. If we are required to invest significantly greater resources than anticipated without a corresponding increase in revenue, our operating results could decline. If customers reduce or slow the need to upgrade or enhance their product offerings, our revenue and operating results may be adversely affected. Additionally, our periodic research and development expenses may be independent of our level of revenue, which could negatively impact our financial results. New products may not adequately address the changing needs of the marketplace. New software products may contain undetected errors, defects or vulnerabilities. The occurrence of any defects or errors in our products could result in lost or delayed market acceptance and sales of our products, delays in payment by customers, loss of customers or market share, product returns, damage to our reputation, diversion of our resources, increased service and warranty expenses or financial concessions, increased insurance costs and potential liability for damages. Finally, there can be no guarantee that our research and development investments will result in products that create additional revenue. 
 Product errors or defects could expose us to liability and harm our reputation and we could lose market share. 
 Software products frequently contain errors or defects, especially when first introduced, when new versions are released, or when integrated with technologies developed by acquired companies. Product errors, including those resulting from third-party suppliers, could affect the performance or interoperability of our products, could delay the development or release of new products or new versions of products and could adversely affect market acceptance or perception of our products. In addition, any allegations of manufacturability issues resulting from use of our IP products could, even if untrue, adversely affect our reputation and our customers willingness to license IP products from us. Any such errors or delays in releasing new products or new versions of products or allegations of unsatisfactory performance could cause us to lose customers, increase our service costs, subject us to liability for damages and divert our resources from other tasks, any one of which could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our hardware products, which primarily consist of prototyping and emulation systems, subject us to distinct risks. 
 The growth in sales of our hardware products subjects us to several risks, including, but not limited to: 
 Increased dependence on a sole supplier for certain hardware components, which may reduce our control over product quality and pricing and may lead to delays in production and delivery of our hardware products, should our supplier fail to deliver sufficient quantities of acceptable components in a timely fashion; 
 Increasingly variable revenue and less predictable revenue forecasts, due to fluctuations in hardware revenue, which is recognized upfront upon shipment, as opposed to most sales of software products for which revenue is recognized over time; 
 Potential reductions in overall margins, as the gross margin for our hardware products, is typically lower than those of our software products; 
 Longer sales cycles, which create risks of insufficient, excess or obsolete inventory and variations in inventory valuation, which can adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition; 
 Decreases or delays in customer purchases in favor of next-generation releases or competitive products, which may lead to excess or obsolete inventory or require us to discount our older hardware products; 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Longer warranty periods than those of our software products, which may require us to replace hardware components under warranty, thus increasing our costs; and 
 Potential impacts on our supply chain, including the effects of increased global inflationary pressures and interest rates, and a sustained global semiconductor shortage. 
 From time to time, we are subject to claims that our products infringe on third-party intellectual property rights. 
 We are from time to time subject to claims alleging our infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, including patent rights. Under our customer agreements and other license agreements, we agree in many cases to indemnify our customers if our products are alleged to infringe on a third party s intellectual property rights. Infringement claims can result in costly and time-consuming litigation, require us to enter into royalty arrangements, subject us to damages or injunctions restricting our sale of products, invalidate a patent or family of patents, require us to refund license fees to our customers or to forgo future payments, or require us to redesign certain of our products, any one of which could harm our business and operating results. For example, some customers have requested we defend and indemnify them against claims for patent infringement asserted in various district courts and at the U.S. International Trade Commission by Bell Semiconductor LLC (Bell Semic), a patent monetization entity, based on Bell Semic s allegation that the customers use of one or more features of certain of our products infringes one or more of six patents held by Bell Semic. We are defending some of our customers consistent with the terms of our End User License Agreement. Further information regarding Bell Semic is contained in Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We may not be able to continue to obtain licenses to third-party software and intellectual property on reasonable terms or at all, which may disrupt our business and harm our financial results. 
 We license third-party software and other intellectual property for use in product research and development and, in several instances, for inclusion in our products. We also license third-party software, including the software of our competitors, to test the interoperability of our products with other industry products and in connection with our professional services. These licenses may need to be renegotiated or renewed from time to time, or we may need to obtain new licenses in the future. Third parties may stop adequately supporting or maintaining their technology, or they or their technology may be acquired by our competitors. If we are unable to obtain licenses to these third-party software and intellectual property on reasonable terms or at all, we may not be able to sell the affected products, our customers use of the products may be interrupted, or our product development processes and professional services offerings may be disrupted, which could in turn harm our financial results, our customers, and our reputation. 
 The inclusion of third-party intellectual property in our products can also subject us and our customers to infringement claims. We may not be able to sufficiently limit our potential liability contractually. Regardless of outcome, infringement claims may require us to use significant resources and may divert management s attention from the operation of our business. 
 Some of our products and technology, including those we acquire, may include software licensed under open source licenses. Some open source licenses could require us, under certain circumstances, to make available or grant licenses to any modifications or derivative works we create based on the open source software. The risks associated with open source usage may not be eliminated despite our best efforts and may, if not properly addressed, result in unanticipated obligations that harm our business. 
 In preparing our financial statements we make certain assumptions, judgments and estimates that affect amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements, which, if not accurate, may significantly impact our financial results. 
 We make assumptions, judgments and estimates for a number of items, including the fair value of financial instruments, goodwill, long-lived assets and other intangible assets, the realizability of deferred tax assets, the recognition of revenue and the fair value of stock awards. We also make assumptions, judgments and estimates in determining the accruals for employee-related liabilities, including commissions and variable compensation, and in determining the accruals for uncertain tax positions, valuation allowances on deferred tax assets, allowances for credit losses, and legal contingencies. These assumptions, judgments and estimates are drawn from historical experience and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances as of the date of the consolidated financial statements. Actual results could differ materially from our estimates, and such differences could significantly impact our financial results. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity requirements in our U.S. operations may require us to raise cash in uncertain capital markets, which could negatively affect our financial condition. 
 As of October 31, 2023, approximately 52 of our worldwide cash and cash equivalents balance is held by our international subsidiaries. We intend to meet our U.S. cash spending needs primarily through our existing U.S. cash balances, ongoing U.S. cash flows, and available credit under our term loan and revolving credit facilities. Should our cash spending needs in the U.S. rise and exceed these liquidity sources, we may be required to incur additional debt at higher than anticipated interest rates or access other funding sources, which could negatively affect our operating results, capital structure or the market price of our common stock. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 Our results could be adversely affected by a change in our effective tax rate, changes in our geographical earnings mix, unfavorable government reviews of our tax returns, material differences between our forecasted and actual annual effective tax rates, or future changes to our tax structure. 
 Our operations are subject to income and transaction taxes in the U.S. and in multiple foreign jurisdictions. Because we have a wide range of statutory tax rates in the multiple jurisdictions in which we operate, any changes in our geographical earnings mix, including those resulting from our intercompany transfer pricing or from changes in the rules governing transfer pricing, could materially impact our effective tax rate. Furthermore, a change in the tax law of the jurisdictions where we do business, including an increase in tax rates, an adverse change in the treatment of an item of income or expense, or limitations on our ability to utilize tax credits, could result in a material increase in our tax expense and impact our financial position and cash flows. 
 
 On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act) was enacted, which significantly changed prior U.S. tax law and includes numerous provisions that affect our business. The Tax Act includes certain provisions that began to affect our income in the first quarter of fiscal 2019, while other sections of the Tax Act and related regulations began to affect our business in the first quarter of fiscal 2023. One of these provisions includes the requirement to capitalize and amortize research and development expenditures instead of expensing such expenditures as incurred. This results in a significant increase to our cash tax liability and also decreases our effective tax rate due to increasing the foreign derived intangible income deduction. On September 8, 2023, the Internal Revenue Service issued initial guidance for the Tax Act in Notice 2023-63 and indicated regulatory guidance will follow. Future regulatory guidance remains uncertain and may materially affect our financial position. 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act) was enacted in the U.S. The IR Act includes a 15 minimum tax rate, as well as tax credit incentives for reductions in greenhouse gas emissions. The details of the computation of the tax and implementation of the incentives will be subject to regulations to be issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury. On August 9, 2022, the CHIPS and Science Act of 2022 (CHIPS Act) was enacted in the U.S. to provide certain financial incentives to the semiconductor industry, primarily for manufacturing activities within the U.S. We are continuing to monitor the IR Act and CHIPS Act and related regulatory developments to evaluate their potential impact on our business and operating results. 
 On October 8, 2021, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) announced the OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (Framework) which agreed to a two-pillar solution to address tax challenges arising from digitalization of the economy. On December 20, 2021, the OECD released Pillar Two Model Rules (Pillar Two) defining the global minimum tax rules, which contemplate a 15 minimum tax rate. The OECD continues to release additional guidance, including Administrative Guidance on how the Pillar Two rules should be interpreted and applied and many countries are passing legislation to comply with Pillar Two. The Framework calls for law enactment by OECD and G20 members to take effect in 2024 and 2025. These changes, when enacted by various countries in which we do business, may increase our taxes in these countries. Changes to these and other areas in relation to international tax reform, including future actions taken by foreign governments in response to the Tax Act, could increase uncertainty and may adversely affect our tax rate and cash flow in future years. 
 Our income and non-income tax filings are subject to review or audit by the Internal Revenue Service and state, local and foreign taxing authorities. We exercise significant judgment in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes and, in the ordinary course of our business, there may be transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We may also be liable for potential tax liabilities of businesses we acquire. The final determination in an audit may be materially different than the treatment reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. An assessment of additional taxes because of an audit could adversely affect our income tax provision and net income in the periods for which that determination is made. For further discussion on 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 our ongoing audits, see Note 15. Income Taxes of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report under the heading "Non-U.S. Examinations." 
 We maintain significant deferred tax assets related to certain tax credits and capitalized research and development expenditures. Our ability to use these deferred tax assets is dependent upon having sufficient future taxable income in the relevant jurisdiction and in the case of foreign tax credits, how such credits are treated under current and potential future tax law. Changes to tax laws and regulations, and changes in our forecasts of future income could result in an adjustment to the deferred tax asset and a related charge to earnings that could materially affect our financial results. 
 Our business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations, including with respect to environmental, social and governance matters, that could expose us to numerous risks. 
 We are subject to changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of governmental and self-regulatory organizations, including, among others, the SEC, the Nasdaq Stock Market and the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). These rules and regulations continue to evolve in scope and complexity and many new requirements have been created in response to laws enacted by Congress, making compliance difficult and uncertain. In addition, regulators, customers, investors, employees and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters and related disclosures. These changing rules, regulations and stakeholder expectations have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and increased management time and attention spent complying with or meeting such regulations and expectations. For example, developing and acting on ESG initiatives, and collecting, measuring, and reporting ESG information and metrics can be costly, difficult and time consuming and is subject to evolving reporting standards, including the SEC s proposed climate-related reporting requirements. We may also communicate certain initiatives and goals regarding environmental matters, diversity, responsible sourcing, social investments and other ESG matters in our SEC filings or in other public disclosures. These initiatives and goals could be difficult and expensive to implement, the technologies needed to implement them may not be cost effective and may not advance at a sufficient pace, and ensuring the accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of the disclosure of our ESG initiatives can be costly, difficult and time consuming. Further, statements about our ESG initiatives and goals, and progress against those goals, may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change. We could also face scrutiny from certain stakeholders for the scope or nature of such initiatives or goals, or for any revisions to these goals. If our ESG-related data, processes and reporting are incomplete or inaccurate, or if we fail to achieve progress with respect to our ESG goals on a timely basis, or at all, our business, financial performance and growth could be adversely affected. 
 Changes in the U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) could adversely affect our financial results and may require significant changes to our internal accounting systems and processes. 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP. These principles are subject to interpretation by the FASB, the SEC and various bodies formed to interpret and create appropriate accounting principles and guidance. The FASB periodically issues new accounting standards on a variety of topics, including, for example, revenue recognition and accounting for leases. These and other such standards generally result in different accounting principles, which may significantly impact our reported results or could result in variability of our financial results. 
 We may be subject to litigation proceedings that could harm our business. 
 We may be subject to legal claims or regulatory matters involving stockholder, consumer, employment, customer, supplier, competition and other issues on a global basis. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable rulings could occur. An unfavorable ruling could include monetary damages or, in cases for which injunctive relief is sought, an injunction prohibiting us from manufacturing or selling one or more products. If we were to receive an unfavorable ruling on a matter, our business and operating results could be materially harmed. Further information regarding certain of these matters is contained in Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings of this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 
 There are inherent limitations on the effectiveness of our controls and compliance programs. 
 Regardless of how well designed and operated it is, a control system can provide only reasonable assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Our compliance programs and compliance training for employees may not prevent our employees, contractors or agents from breaching or circumventing our policies or violating applicable laws and regulations. Failure of our control systems and compliance programs to prevent error, fraud or violations of law could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 General Risks 
 Our investment portfolio may be impaired by any deterioration of capital markets. 
 From time to time, our cash equivalent and short-term investment portfolio consists of investment-grade U.S. government agency securities, asset-backed securities, corporate debt securities, commercial paper, certificates of deposit, money market funds, municipal securities and other securities and bank deposits. Our investment portfolio carries both interest rate risk and credit risk and may be negatively impacted by deteriorating economic conditions, increased global inflationary pressures and interest rates and bank failures. Fixed rate debt securities may have their market value adversely impacted due to a credit downgrade or a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall or a credit downgrade occurs. 
 Our future investment income may fall short of expectations due to changes in interest rates or if the decline in fair value of investments held by us is judged to be other-than-temporary. In addition, we may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that decline in market value due to changes in the issuer s credit quality or changes in interest rates. 
 Catastrophic events and the effects of climate change, pandemics or other unexpected events may disrupt our business and harm our operating results. 
 Due to the global nature of our business, our operating results may be negatively impacted by catastrophic events and the effects of climate change, pandemics, such as the recent COVID-19 pandemic, or other unexpected events throughout the world. We rely on a global network of infrastructure applications, enterprise applications and technology systems for our development, marketing, operational, support and sales activities. A disruption or failure of these systems in the event of a major earthquake, fire, extreme temperatures, drought, flood, telecommunications failure, cybersecurity attack, terrorist attack, epidemic or pandemic, or other catastrophic events or climate change-related events could cause system interruptions, delays in our product development and loss of critical data and could prevent us from fulfilling our customers orders. In particular, our sales and infrastructure are vulnerable to regional or worldwide health conditions, including the effects of the outbreak of contagious diseases, such as the government-imposed restrictions that curtailed global economic activity and caused substantial volatility in global financial markets during the COVID-19 pandemic. Moreover, our corporate headquarters, a significant portion of our research and development activities, our data centers, and certain other critical business operations are located in California, near major earthquake faults and sites of recent wildfires, which may become more frequent, along with other extreme weather events, due to climate change. A catastrophic event or other extreme weather event that results in the destruction or disruption of our data centers or our critical business or IT systems would severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations and, as a result, our operating results would be adversely affected. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 
 Our principal o ffices are currently located in Sunnyvale, California. We currently lease approximately 1.2 million square feet of space in 28 offices throughout the United States, of which we sublet 340,000 square feet to third parties. We currently own 357,000 square feet, of which we lease 238,000 square feet to third parties. We own buildings in Oregon and California. These offices are used primarily for sales and support, marketing, and administrative activities as well as research and development for our business segments. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

We currently lease approximately 2.9 million square feet of space in 30 countries other than the United States, and own buildings in Wuhan, China and Hsinchu, Taiwan as well as office space in Xiamen, China and Yongin-si, South Korea . These offices are used primarily for sales and support, service, and research and development activities for our business segments. 
 
 As our needs change, from time to time, we may relocate, expand, and/or otherwise increase or decrease the size of our operations, offices or personnel. We believe that our existing facilities, including both owned and leased properties, are in good condition and suitable for our current needs and that suitable additional or substitute space will be available on commercially reasonable terms as needed to accommodate any expansion of our operations. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 We are subject to routine legal proceedings, as well as demands, claims and threatened litigation that arise in the normal course of our business. The ultimate outcome of any litigation is often uncertain and unfavorable outcomes could have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on Synopsys because of the defense costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 
 
 We regularly review the status of each significant matter and assess its potential financial exposure. If the potential loss from any claim or legal proceeding is considered probable and the amount is estimable, we accrue a liability for the estimated loss. Legal proceedings are inherently uncertain and as circumstances change, it is possible that the amount of any accrued liability may increase, decrease or be eliminated. 
 
 Hungarian Tax Matter 
 See Note 15. Income Taxes of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for a discussion of our Hungary audit under the heading Non-U.S. Examinations. 
 Bell Semic Actions 
 On April 27, 2022, Bell Semiconductor LLC (Bell Semic), a patent monetization entity, began filing a series of patent infringement lawsuits against certain technology companies alleging that certain semiconductor devices designed using certain design tools offered by electronic design automation (EDA) vendors, including Synopsys, infringe upon one or more patents held by Bell Semic. Bell Semic seeks money damages, attorneys fees and costs, and a permanent injunction prohibiting the defendants from using allegedly infringing EDA design tools. 
 
 On April 29, 2022, Bell Semic also began filing a series of complaints with the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) alleging violations of Section 337 of the Tariff Act of 1930 and seeking limited exclusion orders preventing the respondents from importing into the United States semiconductor devices designed using certain design tools offered by EDA vendors, including Synopsys, and cease-and-desist orders prohibiting respondents from importing, selling, offering for sale, advertising, or transferring products made using certain design tools offered by EDA vendors, including Synopsys. On November 8, 2022, the ITC instituted the investigations. On May 8, 2023, Bell Semic filed motions to voluntarily withdraw the pending ITC investigations. 
 
 Synopsys is not named as a respondent or defendant in any of the aforementioned actions; however, certain of the respondents and defendants are Synopsys customers and have sought defense and indemnity from Synopsys under their End User License Agreements in response to Bell Semic s allegations. Synopsys is defending some of its customers consistent with the terms of its End User License Agreement. 
 
 In November and December 2022, Synopsys and other EDA vendors filed actions for Declaratory Judgment of invalidity and/or non-infringement as to each of the six patents asserted by Bell Semic in the aforementioned actions. Bell Semic s motion to dismiss the Declaratory Judgment actions was denied on April 27, 2023. Synopsys and other EDA vendors also filed Motions for Preliminary Injunction seeking to enjoin Bell Semic from proceeding with the ITC investigations and patent infringement lawsuits. The Motions for Preliminary Injunction were denied without prejudice on April 27, 2023. Bell Semic responded to the Declaratory Judgment complaint on May 11, 2023, asserting counterclaims for patent infringement against the EDA vendors. On December 6, the Court granted Synopsys Motion for Summary Judgment of No Indirect Infringement of the Asserted Claims and stated it would entertain a motion for attorneys fees. The other EDA vendors settled with Bell Semic. The actions for Declaratory Judgment is set for trial on January 16, 2024. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol SNPS. As of December 6, 2023, we had 219 stockholders of record. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the five-year total return to stockholders of our common stock relative to the cumulative total returns of the S P 500 Index, the S P Information Technology Index and the Nasdaq Composite Index. The graph assumes that 100 was invested in Synopsys common stock on November 2, 2018 (the last trading day before the beginning of our fifth preceding fiscal year) and in each of the indexes on October 31, 2018 (the closest month end) and that all dividends were reinvested. No cash dividends were declared on our common stock during such time. The comparisons in the table are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future performance of our common stock. 
 COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 
 100 invested on November 2, 2018 in stock or October 31, 2018 in index, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ending October 28. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 The information presented above in the stock performance graph shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, except to the extent that we subsequently specifically request that such information be treated as soliciting material or specifically incorporate it by reference into a filing under the Securities Act or Exchange Act. 
 Dividends 
 We have not paid cash dividends on our common stock. 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 In fiscal 2022, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program (the Program) with authorization to purchase up to 1.5 billion of our common stock. As of October 31, 2023, 194.3 million remained available for future repurchases under the Program. 
 In August 2023, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement (the August 2023 ASR) to repurchase an aggregate of 300.0 million of our common stock. Pursuant to the August 2023 ASR, we made a prepayment of 300.0 million to receive initial deliveries of shares valued at 255.0 million. The remaining balance of 45.0 million was settled in November 2023. T otal shares purchased under the August 2023 ASR were approximately 0.6 million shares, at an average purchase price of 466.71 per share. 
 The table below sets forth information regarding our repurchases of our common stock during the three months ended October 28, 2023: 
 Period Total 
 number 
 of shares 
 purchased (1) 
 Average 
 price paid 
 per share (1) 
 Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced programs Maximum dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the programs Month #1 July 30, 2023 through September 2, 2023 610,574 491.34 610,574 194,276,393 Month #2 September 3, 2023 through September 30, 2023 194,276,393 Month #3 October 1, 2023 through October 28, 2023 194,276,393 Total 610,574 610,574 194,276,393 
 (1) Amounts are calculated based on the settlement date. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 

34 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Overview 
 The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the more complete discussion contained in this Item 7, the risk factors set forth in Item 1A of this Form 10-K, and our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto set forth in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Please also see the cautionary language at the beginning of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding forward-looking statements. 
 Fiscal 2023 Financial Performance Summary 
 The following table sets forth some of our key consolidated financial information for each of our last three fiscal years: 
 Year Ended October 31, 2023 2022 2021 (in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Revenue 
 5,842.6 5,081.5 4,204.2 Cost of revenue 
 1,222.2 1,063.7 861.8 Operating expenses 
 3,351.2 2,855.8 2,607.6 Operating income 
 1,269.3 1,162.0 734.8 Net income attributed to Synopsys 
 1,229.9 984.6 757.5 Diluted net income per share attributed to Synopsys 
 7.92 6.29 4.81 
 Fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 financial performance summary 
 Revenues were 5.8 billion, an increase of 761.1 million or 15 , primarily due to revenue growth across all products and geographies. 
 Total cost of revenue and operating expenses was 4.6 billion, an increase of 653.9 million or 17 , primarily due to an increase of 287.7 million in employee-related costs resulting from headcount increases through organic growth and acquisitions. 
 Operating income was 1.3 billion, an increase of 107.2 million or 9 . 
 For a summary of fiscal 2022 comparison to fiscal 2021, see the discussion in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, filed on December 12, 2022. 
 Business Summary 
 Synopsys provides products and services used across the entire Silicon to Software spectrum to bring Smart Everything to life. From engineers creating advanced semiconductors to product teams developing advanced electronic systems to software developers seeking to ensure the security and quality of their code, our customers trust that our technologies will enable them to meet new requirements for energy efficiency, reliability, mobility, security and more. For more information about our business segments and product groups, see Part I, Item 1 Business of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We have consistently grown our revenue since 2005, despite periods of global economic uncertainty. We achieved these results because of our solid execution, leading technologies and strong customer relationships, and because we generally recognize our revenue for software licenses over the arrangement period, which typically approximates three years. See Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Polices and Basis of Presentation of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion on our revenue recognition policy . The revenue we recognize in a particular period generally results from selling efforts in prior periods rather than the current period. As a result, decreases as well as increases in customer spending do not immediately affect our revenues in a significant way. 
 Our growth strategy is based on maintaining and building on our leadership in our Design Automation products, expanding and proliferating our Design IP offerings and continuing to expand our product portfolio and our total addressable market. Our revenue growth from period to period is expected to vary based on the mix of our time based and upfront products. Based on our leading technologies, customer relationships, business model, diligent 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 expense management, and acquisition strategy, we believe that we will continue to execute our strategies successfully. 
 Recent Developments 
 Impact of the Current Macroeconomic and Geopolitical Environment 
 Uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, including the effects of, among other things, increased global inflationary pressures and interest rates, potential economic slowdowns or recessions, supply chain disruptions, geopolitical pressures, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, and associated global economic conditions, have resulted in volatility in credit, equity and foreign currency markets. We expect growth across our geographies in fiscal 2024; however, we are expecting a challenging near-term growth environment in China due to macroeconomic factors as well as, to a lesser degree, entity list and trade restrictions as further discussed below and in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 
 
 The current uncertain macroeconomic environment could lead some of our customers to postpone their decision-making, decrease their spending and/or delay their payments to us. For more on risks related to the current macroeconomic and geopolitical environment, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors , Uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, and its potential impact on the semiconductor and electronics industries, may negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For example, we continue to experience an impact from the current macroeconomic environment in our Software Integrity segment as customers have applied elevated levels of scrutiny to purchasing decisions due in part to their own budget uncertainty, which has, in some cases, affected customer order size, pricing and/or contract duration. While the situation is dynamic, we expect customers to continue to scrutinize their budgets and negotiate orders for our Software Integrity segment products and solutions in light of the current macroeconomic environment. Further, following a strategic portfolio review, and in consultation with our Board of Directors, we have decided to explore strategic alternatives for our Software Integrity segment. As a part of this process, our management is considering a full range of strategic opportunities. At this time we cannot predict the impact that such strategic alternatives might have on our business, operations or financial condition. 
 We are also actively monitoring geopolitical pressures around the world, including, among others, changes in the China-Taiwan relations, the conflicts in Ukraine, the Middle Ea st and other regional or global military conflicts. Any significant disruption caused by these or other geopolitical pressures or conflicts could materially affect our employees, business, operating results, financial condition or customers in those regions of the world. For example, Synopsys has employees, operations, customers and strategic partners in the Middle East and in Armenia, which are each experiencing geopolitical conflicts. While we are actively monitoring these conflicts, at this time, these geopolitical conflicts have not had a material impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 While our time-based business model provides stability to our business, operating results and overall financial position, the broader implications of these macroeconomic or geopolitical events, particularly in the long term, remain uncertain. Further, the negative impact of these events or disruptions may be deferred due to our business model. 
 See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of the impact of global economic and geopolitical uncertainty on our business, operations and financial condition. 
 Developments in Export Control Regulations 
 On October 7, 2022, the Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) of the U.S. Department of Commerce published changes to U.S. export control regulations (U.S. Export Regulations), including new restrictions on Chinese entities' ability to obtain advanced computing chips, develop and maintain supercomputers, and manufacture advanced semiconductors. Further, on October 14, 2022, a new rule went into effect imposing U.S. export controls on additional technologies, including electronic computer-aided design software specially designed for the development of ICs with Gate-All-Around Field-Effect Transistor structure s. On October 17, 2023, the Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and Security, published clarifications of and other adjustments to the regulations promulgated on October 7, 2022, pertaining, among other things, to China s access to certain semiconductor and advanced computing technology. Based on our current understanding, we believe these regulations will not have a material impact on our business. W e anticipate additional changes to U.S. Export Regulations in the future, but we cannot forecast the scope or timing of such changes. We will continue to monitor such developments, including potential additional trade restrictions, and other regulatory or policy changes by the U.S. and foreign governments. 
 For more on risks related to government export and import restrictions such as the U.S. government s Entity List and other U.S. Export Regulations, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, Industry Risks We are subject to 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 governmental export and import requirements that could subject us to liability and restrict our ability to sell our products and services, which could impair our ability to compete in international markets . 
 Business Segments 
 Effective in the first quarter of fiscal 2023, we realigned our organizational structure to evaluate the results of our Design IP business separately. Our Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM), our Chief Executive Officer, now regularly reviews disaggregated segment information, assesses performance against our key growth strategies and allocates resources based on this new organizational structure. As a result, effective in the first quarter of fiscal 2023, we changed our reportable segments from two reportable segments to the following three reportable segments: (1) Design Automation, which includes our advanced silicon design, verification products and services, system integration products and services, digital, custom and FPGA IC design software, verification software and hardware products, manufacturing software products and other; (2) Design IP, which includes our Design IP products; and (3) Software Integrity, which includes solutions that test software code for security vulnerabilities and quality defects, as well as professional and managed services. As such, prior period reportable segment results and related disclosures have been reclassified to reflect our current reportable segments. 
 As a result of the change in reporting structure, financial information provided to and used by the CODM to assist in making operational decisions, allocating resources and assessing performance reflects consolidated financial information as well as revenue, adjusted operating income, and adjusted operating margin for the Design Automation, Design IP, and Software Integrity segments, accompanied by disaggregated information relating to revenues by geographic region. 
 Design Automation. This segment includes our advanced silicon design, verification products and services and system integration products. This segment also includes digital, custom and FPGA IC design software, verification software and hardware products, system integration products and services, and manufacturing software products. Designers use these products to automate the highly complex IC design process and to reduce defects that could lead to expensive design or manufacturing re-spins or suboptimal end products. 
 Design IP. This segment includes our Design IP products that serve companies primarily in the semiconductor and electronics industries. We are a leading provider of high-quality, silicon-proven IP solutions for system-on-chips (SoCs). This includes IP that has been optimized to address specific application requirements for the mobile, automotive, digital home, internet of things and cloud computing markets, enabling designers to quickly develop SoCs in these areas. 
 Software Integrity. This segment includes a broad portfolio of products and services to intelligently address software risks across the customer s portfolio and at all stages of the application lifecycle. The testing tools, services, and programs enable our customers to manage open source license compliance and detect, prioritize, and remediate security vulnerabilities and defects across their entire software development lifecycle. Our offerings include security and quality testing products, managed services, programs and professional services, and training. 
 Fiscal Year End 
 Our fiscal year ends on the Saturday nearest to October 31 and consists of 52 weeks, with the exception that approximately every five years, we have a 53-week year. When a 53-week year occurs, we include the additional week in the first quarter to realign fiscal quarters with calendar quarters. Fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 were 52-week years ending on October 28, 2023, October 29, 2022, and October 30, 2021, respectively. Fiscal 2024 will be a 53-week year. 
 For presentation purposes, this Annual Report on Form 10-K refers to the closest calendar month end. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In preparing these financial statements, we make assumptions, judgments and estimates that can affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and net income. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results may differ from these estimates. See Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on our significant accounting policies. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 The accounting policies that most frequently require us to make assumptions, judgments and estimates, and therefore are critical to understanding our results of operations, are: 
 Revenue recognition; and 
 Business combinations. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. Arrangements with customers can involve multiple products and various license rights. Customers can negotiate for a broad portfolio of solutions, and favorable terms along with future purchase options to manage their overall costs. Analysis of the terms and conditions in these contracts and their effect on revenue recognition may require significant judgment. 
 We have concluded that our EDA software licenses in Technology Subscription License (TSL) contracts are not distinct from our obligation to provide unspecified software updates to the licensed software throughout the license term, because those promises represent inputs to a single, combined performance obligation. Where unspecified additional software product rights are part of the contract with the customer, those rights are accounted for as part of the single performance obligation that includes the licenses, updates, and technical support, because such rights are provided during the same period of time and have the same time-based pattern of transfer to the customer. 
 For our IP licensing arrangements, we have concluded that the licenses and support services are distinct from each other, and therefore treated as separate performance obligations. Revenues from IP licenses are recognized at a point in time upon transfer of control of the IP license, and support services are recognized over the support period as a stand ready obligation to the customer. 
 We are required to estimate total consideration expected to be received from contracts with customers. In some circumstances, the consideration expected to be received is variable based on the specific terms of the contract or based on our expectations of the term of the contract. Generally, we have not experienced significant returns or refunds to customers. These estimates require significant judgment and the change in these estimates could have an effect on our results of operations during the periods involved. 
 Business Combinations 
 We allocate the purchase price of acquired companies to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values on the acquisition date with the exception of contract assets and contract liabilities (deferred revenue) which are recognized and measured on the acquisition date in accordance with our "Revenue Recognition" policy in Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K , as if we had originated the contracts. The excess of the purchase price over the fair values of these net tangible and intangible assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. 
 Accounting for business combinations requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions including our estimates for intangible assets. Although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made are reasonable, they are based in part on historical experience, market conditions and information obtained from management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. Examples of critical estimates in valuing certain of the intangible assets we have acquired or may acquire in the future include, but are not limited to: 
 future expected cash flows from software license sales, subscriptions, support agreements, consulting contracts and acquired developed technologies and patents; 
 historical and expected customer attrition rates and anticipated growth in revenue from acquired customers; 
 estimated obsolescence rates used in valuing technology related intangible assets; 
 the expected use of the acquired assets; and 
 discount rates used to discount expected future cash flows to present value, which are typically derived from a weighted-average cost of capital analysis and adjusted to reflect inherent risks. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 The fair value of the definite-lived intangibles was determined using variations of the income approach. 
 For acquisitions completed in fiscal 2023, the fair value for acquired existing technology was determined by applying the relief from royalty method under the income approach. The relief from royalty method applies a royalty rate to projected income to quantify the benefit of owning the intangible asset rather than paying a royalty for use of the asset. The economic useful life was determined based on historical technology obsolescence patterns and prospective technology developments. We assumed royalty rates ranging from 40 to 55 . The present value of operating cash flows from the existing technology was determined using discount rates ranging from approximately 10 to 20 . 
 Customer relationships represent the fair value of the existing relationships with the acquired company s customers. Their fair value was determined using the multi-period excess earnings method under the income approach, which involves isolating the net earnings attributable to the asset being measured based on the present value of the incremental after-tax cash flows (excess earnings) attributable solely to the asset over its remaining useful life. The economic useful life was determined based on historical customer turnover rates. Projected income from existing customer relationships considered customer retention rates ranging from 85 to 100 . The present value of operating cash flows from existing customers was determined using discount rates ranging from approximately 10 to 20 . 
 We believe that our estimates and assumptions related to the fair value of acquired intangible assets are reasonable, but significant judgment is involved. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The discussion of our consolidated results of operations includes year-over-year comparisons of fiscal 2023 changes compared to fiscal 2022. We have also included a comparison of segment results for fiscal 2022 and 2021 due to the change in reportable segments in the beginning of fiscal 2023. For a discussion of other fiscal 2022 changes compared to fiscal 2021, see the discussion in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, filed on December 12, 2022. 
 Revenue 
 Our revenues are generated from three business segments: the Design Automation segment, the Design IP segment and the Software Integrity segment. See Note 17. Segment Disclosure of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information about our reportable segments and revenue by geographic regions. 
 Further disaggregation of the revenues into various products and services within these three segments is summarized as follows: 
 Design Automation Segment 
 EDA solutions include digital, custom and FPGA IC design software, verification software and hardware products, system integration products and services, and obligations to provide unspecified updates and support services. EDA products and services are typically sold through TSL arrangements that grant customers the right to access and use all of the licensed products at the outset of an arrangement; software updates are generally made available throughout the entire term of the arrangement. The duration of our TSL contracts is generally three years, though it may vary for specific arrangements. We have concluded that the software licenses in TSL contracts are not distinct from the obligation to provide unspecified software updates to the licensed software throughout the license term, because the multiple software licenses and support represent inputs to a single, combined offering, and timely, relevant software updates are integral to maintaining the utility of the software licenses. We recognize revenue for the combined performance obligation under TSL contracts ratably over the term of the license. 
 In the case of arrangements involving the sale of hardware products, we generally have two performance obligations. The first performance obligation is to transfer the hardware product, which includes software integral to the functionality of the hardware product. The second performance obligation is to provide maintenance on the hardware and its embedded software, which includes rights to technical support, hardware repairs and software updates that are all provided over the same term and have the same time-based pattern of transfer to the customer. The portion of the transaction price allocated to the hardware product is generally recognized as revenue at the time of shipment because 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 the customer obtains control of the product at that point in time. We have concluded that control generally transfers at that point in time because the customer has the ability to direct the use of the asset and an obligation to pay for the hardware. The portion of the transaction price allocated to the maintenance obligation is recognized as revenue ratably over the maintenance term. 
 Revenue from Professional Service contracts is recognized over time, generally using costs incurred or hours expended to measure progress. We have a history of reasonably estimating project status and the costs necessary to complete projects. A number of internal and external factors can affect these estimates, including labor rates, utilization and efficiency variances and specification and testing requirement changes. 
 Design IP Segment 
 Design IP includes our Synopsys IP portfolio. These arrangements generally have two performance obligations which consist of transferring of the licensed IP and providing related support, which includes rights to technical support and software updates that are provided over the support term and are transferred to the customer over time. Revenue allocated to the IP licenses is recognized at a point in time upon the later of the delivery date or the beginning of the license period, and revenue allocated to support is recognized over the support term. Royalties are recognized as revenue in the quarter in which the applicable customer sells its products that incorporate our IP. Payments for IP contracts are generally received upon delivery of the IP. Revenue related to the customization of certain IP is recognized over time, generally using costs incurred or hours expended to measure progress. 
 Software Integrity Segment 
 We sell Software Integrity products in arrangements that provide customers the right to software licenses, maintenance updates and technical support. Over the term of these arrangements, the customer expects us to provide integral maintenance updates to the software licenses, which help customers protect their own software from new critical quality defects and potential security vulnerabilities. The licenses and maintenance updates serve together to fulfill our commitment to the customer as both work together to provide functionality to the customer and represent a combined performance obligation. We recognize revenue for the combined performance obligation over the term of the arrangement. 
 Our customer arrangements can involve multiple products and various license rights, and our customers negotiate with us over many aspects of these arrangements. For example, they generally request a broader portfolio of solutions, support and services and seek more favorable terms such as expanded license usage, future purchase rights and other unique rights at an overall lower total cost. No single factor typically drives our customers buying decisions, and we compete on all fronts to serve customers in highly competitive markets. Customers generally negotiate the total value of the arrangement rather than just unit pricing or volumes. 
 Total Revenue 
 Year Ended October 31, Change Change Change Change 2023 2022 2021 2023 vs. 2022 2022 vs. 2021 (dollars in millions) Design Automation 3,775.3 3,300.2 2,754.7 475.1 14 545.5 20 Design IP 1,542.7 1,315.5 1,055.7 227.2 17 259.8 25 Software Integrity 524.6 465.8 393.8 58.8 13 72.0 18 Total 5,842.6 5,081.5 4,204.2 761.1 15 877.3 21 
 Our revenues are subject to fluctuations, primarily due to customer requirements including the timing and value of contract renewals. For example, we experience fluctuations in our revenues due to factors such as the timing of IP product sales, Flexible Spending Account (FSA) drawdowns, royalties, and hardware products sales. As revenues from IP products sales and hardware products sales are recognized upfront, customer demand and timing requirements for such IP products and hardware products could result in increased variability of our total revenues. 
 Contracted but unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied performance obligations (backlog) as of October 31, 2023 were approximately 8.6 billion, which includes 1.4 billion in non-cancellable FSA commitments from customers where actual product selection and quantities of specific products or services are to be determined by customers at a later date. We have elected to exclude future sales-based royalty payments from the remaining performance obligations. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Approximately 40 of the backlog as of October 31, 2023, excluding non-cancellable FSA, is expected to be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months. The majority of the remaining backlog is expected to be recognized in the following three years . The backlog was approximately 7.1 billion as of October 31, 2022, which included 1.1 billion in non-cancellable FSA commitments from customers. 
 The amount and composition of unsatisfied performance obligations will fluctuate period to period. We do not believe the amount. of unsatisfied performance obligations is indicative of future sales or revenue, or that such obligations at the end of any given period correlates with actual sales performance of a particular geography or particular products and services. F or more information regarding our revenue as of October 31, 2023, including our contract balances as of such date, see Note 3. Revenue of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 For fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022, revenues increased due to the continued organic growth of our business in all product groups and geographies. 
 For a discussion of revenue by geographic areas, see Note 17. Segment Disclosure of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Time-Based Products Revenue 
 Year Ended October 31, 2023 2022 Change Change (dollars in millions) Time-based products revenue 3,383.6 2,993.8 389.8 13 Percentage of total revenue 58 59 
 The increase in time-based products revenue for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily attributable to an increase in TSL license revenue from arrangements booked in prior periods. 
 Upfront Products Revenue 
 Year Ended October 31, 2023 2022 Change Change (dollars in millions) Upfront products revenue 1,429.3 1,226.7 202.6 17 Percentage of total revenue 24 24 
 Changes in upfront products revenue are generally attributable to normal fluctuations in the extent and timing of customer requirements, which can drive the amount of upfront orders and revenue in any particular period. 
 The increase in upfront products revenue for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily due to an increase in the sale of IP products and hardware products driven by higher demand from customers. 
 Upfront products revenue as a percentage of total revenue will likely fluctuate based on the timing of IP and hardware product sales. Such fluctuations will continue to be impacted by the timing of shipments and FSA drawdowns due to customer requirements. 
 Maintenance and Service Revenue 
 Year Ended October 31, 2023 2022 Change Change (dollars in millions) Maintenance revenue 361.7 293.3 68.4 23 Professional service and other revenue 668.0 567.7 100.3 18 Total 1,029.7 861.0 168.7 20 Percentage of total revenue 18 17 
 The increase in maintenance revenue for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily due to an increase in the volume of hardware arrangements that include maintenance. 
 The increase in professional services and other revenue for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily due to the timing of IP customization projects . 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of Revenue 
 Year Ended October 31, 2023 2022 Change Change (dollars in millions) Cost of products revenue 763.5 653.8 109.7 17 Cost of maintenance and service revenue 383.8 343.0 40.8 12 Amortization of intangible assets 74.9 66.9 8.0 12 Total 1,222.2 1,063.7 158.5 15 Percentage of total revenue 21 21 
 We divide cost of revenue into three categories: cost of products revenue, cost of maintenance and service revenue, and amortization of intangible assets. 
 Cost of products revenue. Cost of products revenue includes costs related to products sold and software licensed, hardware-related costs including inventory provisions, allocated operating costs related to product support and distribution, royalties paid to third-party vendors, and the amortization of capitalized software development costs. 
 Cost of maintenance and service revenue. Cost of maintenance and service revenue includes costs to deliver our maintenance services, such as hotline and on-site support, production services and documentation of maintenance updates. 
 Amortization of intangible assets. Amortization of intangible assets, included in cost of revenue, consists of the amortization of core/developed technology and certain contract rights intangible assets related to acquisitions. 
 The increase in cost of revenue for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily due to increases of 62.2 million in employee-related costs as a result of headcount increases from hiring, 53.5 million in hardware-related costs including inventory provisions, 13.1 million in facility costs, 8.0 million in amortization of technology-related intangible assets, 6.7 million in costs to fulfill IP consulting arrangements, and 6.1 million in the change in fair value of our executive deferred compensation plan assets. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development 
 Year Ended October 31, 2023 2022 Change Change (dollars in millions) Research and development expenses 
 1,946.8 1,680.4 266.4 16 Percentage of total revenue 33 33 
 The increase in research and development expenses for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily due to higher employee-related costs of 139.2 million as a result of headcount increases as we continue to expand and enhance our product portfolio, increases of 57.4 million in the change in fair value of our executive deferred compensation plan assets, 31.0 million in facility costs, and 20.9 million in consultant and contractor costs. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Year Ended October 31, 2023 2022 Change Change (dollars in millions) Sales and marketing expenses 
 889.0 779.8 109.2 14 Percentage of total revenue 15 15 
 The increase in sales and marketing expenses for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily due to increases of 62.9 million in employee-related costs due to headcount increases and higher sales commissions, 13.4 million in the change in fair value of our executive deferred compensation plan assets, 12.0 million in travel and marketing costs due to an increased number of in-person meetings and events, and 8.5 million in facility costs. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 General and Administrative 
 Year Ended October 31, 2023 2022 Change Change (dollars in millions) General and administrative expenses 
 410.3 353.8 56.5 16 Percentage of total revenue 7 7 
 The increase in general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily due to increases of 23.4 million in personnel-related costs due to headcount increases from hiring, 16.4 million in maintenance and depreciation expenses, 12.9 million in the change in fair value of our executive deferred compensation plan assets, and 7.4 million in legal, consulting and other professional fees. These increases were partially offset by bad debt recoveries of 15.9 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 Change in Fair Value of Deferred Compensation 
 The income or loss arising from the change in fair value of our non-qualified deferred compensation plan obligation is recorded in cost of sales and each functional operating expense, with the offsetting change in the fair value of the related assets recorded in other income (expense), net. There is no impact on our net income from the fair value changes in our deferred compensation plan obligation and related assets. 
 Amortization of Intangible Assets 
 Amortization of intangible assets included in operating expenses consists of the amortization of trademarks, trade names, and customer relationships intangible assets related to acquisitions. 
 Year Ended October 31, 2023 2022 Change Change (dollars in millions) Amortization of intangible assets 
 28.0 29.8 (1.8) (6) Percentage of total revenue 1 
 The decrease in amortization of intangible assets for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily due to certain intangible assets becoming fully amortized in fiscal 2023, partially offset by amortization expense related to intangible assets acquired during fiscal 2023 . 
 Restructuring Charges 
 In the first quarter of fiscal 2023, we initiated a restructuring plan for involuntary employee terminations as part of a business reorganization (the 2023 Plan). The 2023 Plan was substantially completed in the third quarter of fiscal 2023, and total charges under the 2023 Plan were 77.0 million, consisting primarily of severance costs and facility exit costs. 
 The following is a summary of our restructuring liabilities: Fiscal Year Balance at Beginning of Period Costs Incurred Cash Payments Balance at End of Period (dollars in millions) 2023 77.0 (68.3) 8.7 2022 14.2 12.1 (26.3) 2021 1.3 33.4 (20.5) 14.2 
 See Note 18. Restructuring Charges of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information . 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Year Ended October 31, 2023 2022 Change Change (dollars in millions) Interest income 36.7 8.5 28.2 332 Interest expense (1.2) (1.7) 0.5 (29) Gains (losses) on assets related to executive deferred compensation plan 20.5 (68.8) 89.3 (130) Foreign currency exchange gains (losses) (1.5) 4.7 (6.2) (132) Other, net (22.0) 10.8 (32.8) (304) Total 32.5 (46.5) 79.0 (170) 
 The increase in other income (expense) for fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily due to the increase in the fair value of our executive deferred compensation plan assets. 
 
 Segment Operating Results 
 We do not allocate certain operating expenses managed at a consolidated level to our reportable segments. These unallocated expenses consist primarily of stock-based compensation expense, amortization of intangible assets, changes in the fair value of deferred compensation plan, restructuring charges, and certain other operating expenses. See Note 17. Segment Disclosure of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 Design Automation Segment 
 Year Ended October 31, Change Change Change Change 2023 2022 2021 2023 vs. 2022 2022 vs. 2021 (dollars in millions) Adjusted operating income 1,439.7 1,206.6 924.6 233.1 19 282.0 30 Adjusted operating margin 38 37 34 1 3 3 9 
 The increase in adjusted operating income for both fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 was primarily due to an increase in revenue from arrangements booked in prior periods. 
 Design IP Segment 
 Year Ended October 31, Change Change Change Change 2023 2022 2021 2023 vs. 2022 2022 vs. 2021 (dollars in millions) Adjusted operating income 532.1 421.5 318.5 110.6 26 103.0 32 Adjusted operating margin 34 32 30 2 6 2 7 
 The increase in adjusted operating income for both fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 was primarily due to an increase in the revenue of IP products driven by timing of customer demands. 
 Software Integrity Segment 
 Year Ended October 31, Change Change Change Change 2023 2022 2021 2023 vs. 2022 2022 vs. 2021 (dollars in millions) Adjusted operating income 76.3 47.0 38.3 29.3 62 8.7 23 Adjusted operating margin 15 10 10 5 50 
 The increase in adjusted operating income for both fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 was primarily due to an increase in revenue from arrangements booked in prior periods. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Income Taxes 
 Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2023 is 6.4 , which included a tax benefit of 65.9 million of U.S. federal research tax credit, a foreign derived intangible income (FDII) deduction of 82.4 million, and excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation of 84.5 million. 
 Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2022 was 12.3 , which included a tax benefit of 61.5 million of U.S. federal research tax credit, a FDII deduction of 38.9 million, and excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation of 88.8 million. 
 The Tax Act provides an exemption from federal income taxes for distributions from foreign subsidiaries made after December 31, 2017 that were not subject to the one-time transition tax. We have provided for foreign withholding taxes on undistributed earnings of certain of our foreign subsidiaries to the extent such earnings are no longer considered to be indefinitely reinvested in the operations of those subsidiaries. 
 In 2017, the Hungarian Tax Authority (the HTA) assessed withholding taxes of approximately 25.0 million and interest and penalties of 11.0 million, against our Hungary subsidiary (Synopsys Hungary). Synopsys Hungary contested the assessment with the Hungarian Administrative Court (Administrative Court). In 2019, as required under Hungarian law, Synopsys Hungary paid the assessment and recorded a tax expense due to an unrecognized tax benefit of 17.4 million, which is net of estimated U.S. foreign tax credits. During 2021 and 2022 a series of appeals, hearings and re-hearings occurred at the Administrative Court and Hungarian Supreme Court. Hearings with the Administrative Court were held on June 30, 2022, September 22, 2022 and April 25, 2023. The Administrative Court issued its written decision in favor of Synopsys Hungary on May 17, 2023, and subsequently refunded Synopsys Hungary the tax, penalty and interest paid in fiscal 2018, as well as additional interest all totaling 39.1 million (including the effect of currency movement). The refunded tax, penalty and interest was recognized as an income tax benefit. The HTA had until July 14, 2023, to file an appeal with the Hungarian Supreme Court and the HTA did not appeal. This concludes the litigation. During the third quarter of fiscal 2023, Synopsys released its unrecognized tax benefit and offsetting U.S. foreign tax credits, resulting in a net benefit of 23.8 million. 
 See Note 15. Income Taxes of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of the provision for income taxes, the impacts related to the Tax Act, and the Hungarian audit . 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are funds generated from our business operations and funds that may be drawn down under our revolving credit and term loan facilities. 
 As of October 31, 2023 , we held 1.6 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. We also held 2.3 million in restricted cash primarily associated with deposits for office leases and employee loan programs. Our cash equivalents consisted primarily of taxable money market mutual funds, time deposits and highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less. Our short-term investments include U.S. government and municipal obligations, investment-grade available-for-sale debt and asset backed securities with an overall weighted-average credit rating of approximately AA. 
 As of October 31, 2023, approximately 753.7 million of our cash and cash equivalents were domiciled in various foreign jurisdictions. We have provided for foreign withholding taxes on the undistributed earnings of certain of our foreign subsidiaries to the extent such earnings are no longer considered to be indefinitely reinvested in the operations of those subsidiaries. 
 We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments and sources of liquidity will be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements and capital return program over the next 12 months and beyond. We are currently not aware of any trends or demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that will result in, or that are reasonably likely to result in, our liquidity increasing or decreasing in any material way that will impact our capital needs during or beyond the next 12 months. Our future cash requirements will depend on many factors, including our rate of revenue growth, the expansion of our sales and marketing activities, and the timing and extent of our spending to support our research and development efforts. We also may invest in or acquire businesses, applications or technologies, or may further expand our board-authorized stock repurchase program, which may require the use of significant cash resources and/or additional financing. 
 Effective fiscal 2023, our research and development expenditures are required to be capitalized and amortized under the Tax Act instead of being deducted when incurred for US tax purposes. As a result of the IRS tax relief for the California winter storms, the due date for our fiscal 2023 federal tax payment was November 16, 2023 and as such, we have deferred our fiscal 2023 federal cash tax payments until the first quarter of fiscal 2024. This results in 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 a significant increase to our cash outflows beginning in fiscal 2024. See Note 15. Income Taxes of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 
 Cash Flows 
 Year Ended October 31, 2023 2022 Change (dollars in millions) Cash provided by operating activities 1,703.3 1,738.9 (35.6) Cash used in investing activities (482.1) (572.6) 90.5 Cash used in financing activities (1,196.9) (1,116.3) (80.6) 
 Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
 We expect cash from our operating activities to fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including the timing of our billings and collections, our operating results, and the timing and amount of tax and other liability payments. Cash provided by our operations is dependent primarily upon the payment terms of our license agreements. We generally receive cash from upfront arrangements much sooner than from time-based products revenue, in which the license fee is typically paid either quarterly or annually over the term of the license. 
 The decrease in cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to the timing of customer billings and higher disbursements for operations, partially offset by higher net income and higher accounts receivable collection. 
 Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 The decrease in cash used in investing activities was primarily due to lower cash paid for acquisitions of 124.7 million and higher proceeds from the sales and maturities of investments of 44.6 million, partially offset by higher purchases of property and equipment of 53.0 million and higher purchases of investments of 27.3 million. 
 Cash Used in Financing Activities 
 The increase in cash used in financing activities was primarily due to higher stock repurchases of 105.7 million, higher taxes paid for net share settlements of 67.4 million partially offset by lower debt repayments of 74.2 million and higher proceeds from issuance of common stock of 15.0 million. 
 Credit and Term Loan Facilities 
 On December 14, 2022, we entered into a Fifth Extension and Amendment Agreement (the Fifth Amendment), which amended and restated our previous credit agreement, dated as of January 22, 2021 (as amended and restated, the Credit Agreement). 
 The Fifth Amendment increased the existing senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolver) from 650.0 million to 850.0 million and extended the maturity date from January 22, 2024 to December 14, 2027, which could be further extended at our option. The Credit Agreement also provides an uncommitted incremental revolving loan facility of up to 150.0 million in the aggregate principal amount. The Credit Agreement contains a financial covenant requiring us to maintain a maximum consolidated leverage ratio, as well as other non-financial covenants. There was no outstanding balance under the Revolver as of October 31, 2023. 
 In July 2018, we entered into a 12-year 220.0 million Renminbi (approximately 33.0 million) credit agreement with a lender in China to support our facilities expansion. Borrowings bear interest at a floating rate based on the 5-year Loan Prime Rate plus 0.74 . As of October 31, 2023, we had a 18.1 million outstanding balance under the agreement. See Note 7. Financial Assets and Liabilities of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 In fiscal 2022, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program with authorization to purchase up to 1.5 billion of our common stock. During the fiscal year 2023, we repurchased 3.0 million shares of common stock at an average price of 387.92 per share for an aggregate purchase price of 1.2 billion. As of October 31, 2023, 194.3 million remained available for future stock repurchases. The pace of our repurchase activity will depend on factors such as our working capital needs, our cash requirements for acquisitions, our debt repayment obligations, our stock price, and economic and market conditions. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 The IR Act was enacted in the United States on August 16, 2022. The IR Act imposes a 1 excise tax on the fair market value of stock repurchases made by covered corporations after December 31, 2022. The total taxable value of shares repurchased is reduced by the fair market value of any newly issued shares during the taxable year. As of October 31, 2023, this does not have any impact on our consolidated financial statements. Risks related to the IR Act are described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors . 
 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 Our material cash requirements include the following contractual and other obligations. 
 Leases 
 We have operating lease arrangements for office space, data center, equipment and other corporate assets. As of October 31, 2023 , we had lease payment obligations, net of immaterial sublease income, of 614.8 million, with 84.6 million payable within 12 months. 
 Purchase Obligations 
 Purchase obligations represent an estimate of all open purchase orders and contractual obligations in the ordinary course of business for which we have not received the goods or services. As of October 31, 2023 , we had 604.3 million of purchase obligations, with 464.2 million payable within 12 months. Although open purchase orders are considered enforceable and legally binding, the terms may allow us the option to cancel, reschedule and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services. 
 Term Loan 
 Refer to "Credit and Term Loan Facilities under Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 
 Long Term Accrued Income Taxes 
 As of October 31, 2023 , we had 22.0 million of long-term accrued income taxes which represent uncertain tax benefits. Currently, a reasonably reliable estimate of timing of payments related to uncertain tax benefits in individual years beyond fiscal 2023 cannot be made due to uncertainties in timing of the commencement and settlement of potential tax audits. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 We are exposed to financial market risks, primarily due to changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and non-marketable equity security price. None of market risk sensitive instruments are held for speculative trading purposes. 
 Interest Rate Risk . The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve the invested principal while maximizing yields without significantly increasing risk exposure. To achieve this objective, we maintain our portfolio of investments in a mix of tax-exempt and taxable instruments that meet high credit quality standards, as specified in our investment policy. Our policy also limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issue, issuer and type of instrument. 
 Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates to our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, and outstanding debt. As of October 31, 2023, all of our cash, cash equivalents, and debt were at short-term variable or fixed interest rates. As of October 31, 2023, we had short term fixed income investment portfolio of 151.6 million. These securities, as with all fixed income instruments, are subject to interest rate risk and will decline in value if market interest rates increase. While par value generally approximates fair value on variable instruments, rising interest rates over time would increase both our interest income and our interest expense. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Our cash equivalents and debt by fiscal year of expected maturity and average interest rates as of October 31, 2023 are as follows: Maturing in Year Ending 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total Fair Value (in thousands) Cash Cash equivalents 1,343,860 1,343,860 1,343,860 Approx. average interest rate 2.44 Short-term investments 73,879 38,851 24,558 9,501 4,850 151,639 151,639 Approx. average coupon rate 2.07 3.19 3.71 5.11 4.48 Short-term debt (variable rate): Credit Facility in China 18,078 18,078 18,078 Average interest rate 
 LPR + 0.74 of such rate 
 Foreign Currency Risk. We operate internationally and are exposed to potentially adverse movements in currency exchange rates. The functional currency of the majority of our active foreign subsidiaries is the foreign subsidiary s local currency. A weakening U.S. dollar relative to other currencies increases expenses of our foreign subsidiaries when they are translated into U.S. dollars in our consolidated statements of income. Likewise, a strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies, including the renminbi or Yen, reduces revenue of our foreign subsidiaries upon translation and consolidation. If the U.S. dollar continues to strengthen, this could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. In addition, increased international sales in the future may result in greater foreign currency denominated sales, increasing our foreign currency risk. Our operating expenses incurred outside the United States and denominated in foreign currencies are increasing and are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. If we are not able to successfully hedge against the risks associated with foreign currency fluctuations, our financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. We enter into hedges in the form of foreign currency forward contracts to reduce our exposure to foreign currency rate changes on non-functional currency denominated forecasted transactions and balance sheet positions including: (1) certain assets and liabilities, (2) shipments forecasted to occur within approximately one month, (3) future billings and revenue on previously shipped orders, and (4) certain future intercompany invoices denominated in foreign currencies. The foreign currency contracts are carried at fair value and denominated in various currencies as listed in the tables below. The duration of forward contracts usually ranges from one month to 27 months. See Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation and Note 7. Financial Assets and Liabilities of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of our accounting for foreign currency contracts . 
 The success of our hedging activities depends upon the accuracy of our estimates of various balances and transactions denominated in non-functional currencies. Exchange rates are subject to significant and rapid fluctuations due to a number of factors, including interest rate changes and political and economic uncertainty. Therefore, we cannot predict the prospective impact of exchange rate fluctuations. To the extent our estimates are correct, gains and losses on our foreign currency contracts will be offset by corresponding losses and gains on the underlying transactions. For example, if the Euro were to depreciate by 10 compared to the U.S. dollar prior to the settlement of the Euro forward contracts listed in the table below as of October 31, 2023, the fair value of the contracts would decrease by approximately 26.1 million, and we would be required to pay approximately 26.1 million to the counterparty upon contract maturity. At the same time, the U.S. dollar value of our Euro-based expenses would decline, resulting in positive cash flow of approximately 26.1 million that would offset the loss and negative cash flow on the maturing forward contracts. 
 If estimates of our balances and transactions prove inaccurate, we will not be completely hedged, and we will record gains or losses, depending upon the nature and extent of such inaccuracy. Although we engage in foreign currency hedging activity, we may be unable to hedge all of our foreign currency risk, which could have a negative impact on our results of operations. 
 We enter into foreign exchange forward contracts with financial institutions and have not experienced nonperformance by counterparties. Further, we anticipate performance by all counterparties to such agreements. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Information about the gross notional values of our foreign currency contracts as of October 31, 2023 is as follows: 
 Gross Notional Amount in U.S. Dollars Average Contract Rate (in thousands) Forward Contract Values: Indian rupee 523,162 84.792 Japanese yen 286,654 144.426 Euro 260,562 1.086 Chinese renminbi 146,652 0.141 Canadian dollar 141,956 1.359 Taiwanese dollar 103,717 30.778 Korean won 80,903 1,326.344 Israel shekel 47,809 3.768 British pound sterling 32,556 0.819 Armenian dram 19,716 399.587 Singapore dollar 12,166 1.340 Swiss franc 8,324 0.865 Hungarian forint 2,581 359.851 1,666,758 
 Equity Price Risk. Our non-marketable equity securities investments totaled 19.1 million and 31.9 million as of October 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Our strategic investments include privately-held companies that are considered to be in the start-up or development stages and have a higher inherent risk. Specifically, the technologies or products these companies have under development are typically in the early stages and may never materialize, which could result in a loss of a substantial part of our initial investment in these companies. These investments could be impaired if the carrying value exceeds the fair value and is not expected to recover. The evaluation of these investments is based on information provided by these companies, which is not subject to the same disclosure regulations as U.S. publicly traded companies and as such, the basis for these evaluations is subject to the timing and accuracy of the data provided. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Synopsys, Inc.: 
 
 Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Synopsys, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of October 28, 2023 and October 29, 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended October 28, 2023, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of October 28, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of October 28, 2023 and October 29, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended October 28, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of October 28, 2023 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Evaluation of the Company s analysis of terms and conditions in software and intellectual property license contracts with customers 
 
 As discussed in Notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company generates revenue from the sale of products that include software and intellectual property (IP) licenses, hardware products, maintenance and services. The Company s contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. Arrangements with customers can involve hundreds of products and various license rights, and customers negotiate with the Company over many aspects of these arrangements. The Company s customers often request a broader portfolio of solutions, support and services and seek more favorable terms such as expanded license usage, future purchase rights and other unique rights at an overall lower total cost. The Company recognized total revenue of 5,842.6 million for the year ended October 28, 2023, which included revenue related to software and IP licenses. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of the Company s analysis of terms and conditions in significant software and IP license contracts with customers and their effect on revenue recognition as a critical audit matter. Complex auditor judgment was required to assess the Company s judgments made in applying revenue recognition requirements to certain terms and conditions. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s revenue recognition process, including the Company s analysis of terms and conditions in software and IP license contracts with customers and their effect on revenue recognition. We tested certain software and IP license customer contracts by inspecting the underlying customer agreements and evaluating the Company s assessment of the contractual terms and conditions in accordance with revenue recognition requirements. For a selection of software and IP license contracts with customers entered during the year, we inquired of personnel outside of the accounting function to corroborate our understanding of certain terms and conditions. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1992. 
 
 Santa Clara, California 
 December 12, 2023 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except par value amounts) 
 October 31, 2023 2022 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments Accounts receivable, net Inventories Prepaid and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Operating lease liabilities Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Long-term deferred revenue Long-term debt Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Redeemable non-controlling interest Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value: shares authorized; outstanding 
 Common stock, par value: shares authorized; and shares outstanding, respectively 
 Capital in excess of par value Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost: and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total Synopsys stockholders equity Non-controlling interest Total stockholders equity Total liabilities, redeemable non-controlling interest and stockholders equity 
 See the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Year Ended October 31, 2023 2022 2021 Revenue: Time-based products Upfront products Total products revenue Maintenance and service Total revenue Cost of revenue: Products Maintenance and service Amortization of intangible assets Total cost of revenue Gross margin Operating expenses: Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Amortization of intangible assets Restructuring charges Total operating expenses Operating income Other income (expense), net ) Income before income taxes Provision (benefit) for income taxes Net income Net income (loss) attributed to non-controlling interest and redeemable non-controlling interest ) ) ) Net income attributed to Synopsys Net income per share attributed to Synopsys: Basic Diluted Shares used in computing per share amounts: Basic Diluted 
 
 See the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended October 31, 2023 2022 2021 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Change in foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Change in unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities, net of tax of for periods presented 
 ) ) Cash flow hedges: Deferred gains (losses), net of tax of ), , and ) for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 ) Reclassification adjustment on deferred (gains) losses included in net income, net of tax of ), ), and for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax effects ) Comprehensive income Less: Net income (loss) attributed to non-controlling interest and redeemable non-controlling interest ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributed to Synopsys 
 
 See the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 
 Capital in Excess of Par Value Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Synopsys Stockholders Equity Non-controlling Interest Stockholders' Equity Common Stock Shares Amount Balance at October 31, 2020 ) ) Net income ) Retained earnings adjustment due to adoption of ASC 326 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax effects Purchases of treasury stock ) ) ) ) ) Equity forward contract, net ) ) ) Common stock issued, net of shares withheld for employee taxes ) Stock-based compensation Balance at October 31, 2021 ) ) Net income ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax effects ) ) ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) ) ) ) Equity forward contract, net Common stock issued, net of shares withheld for employee taxes ) Stock-based compensation Balance at October 31, 2022 ) ) Net income ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax effects Purchases of treasury stock ) ) ) ) ) Equity forward contract, net ) ) ) Common stock issued, net of shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation Adjustments to redeemable non-controlling interest ) ) ) Recognition of non-controlling interest upon issuance of subsidiary stock ) ) Balance at October 31, 2023 ) ) 
 See the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended October 31, 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Amortization and depreciation Reduction of operating lease right-of-use assets Amortization of capitalized costs to obtain revenue contracts Stock-based compensation Allowance for credit losses ) Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Other non-cash Net changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquired assets and assumed liabilities: 
 Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid and other current assets ) ) ) Other long-term assets ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Income taxes Deferred revenue ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from sales and maturities of short-term investments Purchases of short-term investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of long-term investments Purchases of long-term investments ) ) ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Capitalization of software development costs ) ) ) Other ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Repayment of debt ) ) ) Issuances of common stock Payments for taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Purchase of equity forward contract ) ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for income taxes during the year: Interest payments during the year: Non-cash activities: Purchase of property and equipment included in accounts payable Conversion of notes receivable to non-marketable equity securities 
 See the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1. 
 
 Note 2. 

reportable segments to reportable segments, as described in Segment Reporting policy below. 
 Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior year's consolidated financial statements to conform to the current year presentation. The reclassifications, including the segment change, did not have a material impact on the prior year's consolidated balance sheets, statements of income, statements of comprehensive income and statements of cash flows. 
 or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Our investments in debt securities with remaining maturities greater than at the date of purchase are designated as available-for-sale securities as we may convert these investments into cash at any time to fund general operations, and included in 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

and are carried at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses included in the consolidated balance sheets as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). For available-for-sale debt securities in an unrealized loss position, we evaluate whether a current expected credit loss exists based on available information relevant to the credit rating of the security, current economic conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The allowance for credit loss is recorded in other income (expense), net, on the consolidated statements of income, not to exceed the amount of the unrealized loss. Any excess unrealized loss other than the credit loss is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss in the stockholders' equity section of the consolidated balance sheets. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method and realized gains and losses are included in other income (expense), net. See Note 7. Financial Assets and Liabilities of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 These investments are subject to a periodic impairment review, and are included in other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 ) 2022 ) 2021 ) 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

Depreciation expenses were million, million and million in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred and such costs were million, million and million in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 - 
 Buildings Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful life 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

There was goodwill impairment in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 . 
 There were impairment charges for long-lived assets in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

61 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

62 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

days for our software products and for up to for our hardware products. 
 For example, in connection with a litigation campaign launched by Bell Semiconductor LLC (Bell Semic), a patent monetization entity, some customers have requested defense and indemnification against claims of patent infringement asserted by Bell Semic in various district court litigations and at the U.S. International Trade Commission. Bell Semic alleges that the customers use of one or more features of certain of our products infringes one or more of six patents held by Bell Semic. We have offered to defend some of our customers consistent with the terms of our End User License Agreement. We are unable to estimate the potential impact of these commitments on the future results of operations. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

reportable segments to the following reportable segments: (1) Design Automation, which includes our advanced silicon design, verification products and services, system integration products and services, digital, custom and FPGA IC design software, verification software and hardware products, manufacturing software products and other; (2) Design IP, which includes our Design IP products; and (3) Software Integrity, which includes solutions that test software code for security vulnerabilities and quality defects, as well as professional and managed services. As such, prior period reportable segment results and related disclosures have been reclassified to reflect our current reportable segments. 
 million to retained earnings as of beginning of fiscal 2021. Please see the Allowance for Credit Losses accounting policy above. 
 In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers. The new guidance requires contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination to be recognized and measured by the acquirer on the acquisition date in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, as if the acquirer had originated the contracts. We early adopted the standard in the second quarter of fiscal 2022 on a prospective basis, and the adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 There have been no recently adopted accounting pronouncements during fiscal 2023 that are of significance to us. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
 In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions (ASU 2022-03), which applies to all equity securities measured at fair value that are subject to contractual sale restrictions. This change prohibits entities from taking into account contractual restrictions on the sale of equity securities when estimating fair value and introduces required disclosures for such transactions. The standard will become effective for us beginning on November 1, 2024 and will be applied prospectively. Early adoption is permitted. Any future impact from the adoption of this guidance will depend on the facts and circumstances of future transactions. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

Note 3. 
 Design IP Software Integrity Other Total 
 
 Contract Balances 
 The contract assets indicated below are presented as prepaid and other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. The contract assets are transferred to receivables when the rights to invoice and receive payment become unconditional. Unbilled receivables are presented as accounts receivable, net, in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Unbilled receivables Deferred revenue 
 During fiscal 2023, we recognized revenue of billion, including previously unfulfilled contracts that have expired and are no longer subject to an implied promise to provide future services, that was included in the deferred revenue balance as of October 31, 2022. During fiscal 2022, we recognized revenue of billion that was included in the deferred revenue balance as of October 31, 2021. 
 Contracted but unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied performance obligations (backlog) were approximately billion as of October 31, 2023, which includes billion in non-cancellable Flexible Spending Account (FSA) commitments from customers where actual product selection and quantities of specific products or services are to be determined by customers at a later date. We have elected to exclude future sales-based royalty payments from the remaining performance obligations. Approximately of the backlog as of October 31, 2023, excluding non-cancellable FSA, is expected to be recognized as revenue over the next months. The majority of the remaining backlog is expected to be recognized in the following . The backlog was approximately billion as of October 31, 2022, which included billion in non-cancellable FSA commitments from customers. 
 During fiscal 2023 and 2022, we recognized million and million, respectively, from performance obligations satisfied from sales-based royalties earned during the periods. 
 Costs of Obtaining a Contract with Customer 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

million and million, respectively. The balances are included in other long-term assets in our consolidated balance sheets. Amortization of these assets were million, million and million during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included in sales and marketing expense in our consolidated statements of income. 
 
 Note 4. 
 million, net of cash acquired. The aggregate purchase consideration was preliminary and allocated as follows: million to identifiable intangible assets, million to goodwill, and million to net tangible liabilities. The acquired identifiable intangible assets were valued using the income approach and are being amortized over their respective useful lives ranging from to years. The goodwill recognized from these acquisitions was assigned to the Design Automation reporting unit, of which million was deductible for income tax purposes. 
 We have included the financial results of the fiscal 2023 acquisitions in our consolidated financial statements from their respective acquisition date. We do not consider these acquisitions to be material, individually or in the aggregate, to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Fiscal 2022 
 NTT Security AppSec Solutions Inc. 
 On June 22, 2022, we completed the acquisition of all outstanding shares of NTT Security AppSec Solutions Inc. (which operated under the name WhiteHat Security, or WhiteHat), a provider of dynamic application security testing solutions, from NTT Security Corporation for an aggregate purchase price of million, net of cash acquired. With this acquisition, we broadened our product offering in the application security testing market. 
 The aggregate purchase consideration was allocated as follows: million to identifiable intangible assets, million to goodwill, and million to net tangible liabilities. The goodwill was assigned to the Software Integrity reporting unit and the amount recognized was deductible for tax purposes. The acquired identifiable intangible assets of million were valued using the income approach and are being amortized over their respective useful lives ranging from to years. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

equity interest in OpenLight Photonics, Inc. (OpenLight) for cash consideration of million. The remaining equity interest in OpenLight is held by Juniper Networks, Inc. (the Minority Investor) from their contribution of IP and certain tangible assets. 
 The agreement with the Minority Investor contains redemption features whereby the interest held by the Minority Investor is redeemable either (i) at the option of the Minority Investor on or after the third anniversary of the acquisition or sooner in certain circumstances or (ii) at our option beginning on the third anniversary of the acquisition. This option is exercisable at the greater of fair value at the time of redemption or million and was valued at million, resulting in a total consideration of million. 
 The purchase price was allocated as follows: million to identifiable intangible assets and million to goodwill, which were attributable to the Design Automation reporting unit. There was tax-deductible goodwill related to the acquisition. 
 During fiscal 2023, our ownership interest in OpenLight was reduced to as a result of the recognition of non-controlling interest upon issuance of OpenLight stock. 
 During fiscal 2023, OpenLight incurred a net loss of million, of which million was attributable to redeemable non-controlling interest. As of October 31, 2023, the carrying value of the redeemable non-controlling interest was million in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Other Fiscal 2022 Acquisitions 
 During fiscal 2022, we completed other acquisitions for aggregate purchase consideration of million, net of cash acquired. The purchase price was allocated as follows: million to identifiable intangible assets, million to net tangible liabilities, and million to goodwill, which were attributable to the Design Automation reporting unit . There was tax-deductible goodwill related to the acquisitions. 
 Fiscal 2021 
 During fiscal 2021, we completed several acquisitions for an aggregate consideration of million, net of cash acquired. We do not consider these acquisitions to be material, individually or in the aggregate, to our consolidated financial statements. Total purchase consideration was allocated as follows: million to identifiable intangible assets, million to net tangible liabilities, and million to goodwill, of which million was attributable to the Design Automation reporting unit, million was attributable to the Designed IP reporting unit, and million was attributable to the Software Integrity reporting unit. 
 Approximately million of the goodwill related to the fiscal 2021 acquisitions was deductible for tax purposes. 
 Preliminary Fair Value Estimates 
 For all acquisitions completed in fiscal 2023, the purchase price was allocated to tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their preliminary estimated fair values, which were determined using generally accepted valuation techniques based on estimates and assumptions made by management at the time of acquisition. These estimates and assumptions are subject to change as additional information becomes available during the respective measurement period, which is not expected to exceed 12 months from applicable acquisition date. The primary areas of those preliminary estimates relate to certain tangible assets and liabilities, identifiable intangible assets, and income taxes. 
 Acquisition-Related Transaction Costs 
 Acquisition-related transaction costs were million, million and million during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These costs consist of professional fees and administrative costs and were expensed as incurred in our consolidated statements of income. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

Note 5. 
 reportable segments, and reporting units are determined to be the same as reportable segments. We performed a quantitative impairment assessment by estimating the fair value of our new reporting units and reallocating goodwill to the reporting units using a relative fair value method. impairment of goodwill was identified before and after the change in reporting units. We also performed the required annual goodwill impairment test in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 and concluded that goodwill was not impaired. 
 Additions Adjustments Effect of foreign currency translation ) ) ) Balance at October 31, 2022 Additions Adjustments Effect of foreign currency translation ) ) Balance at October 31, 2023 
 Intangible Assets 
 Customer relationships Contract rights intangible Trademarks and trade names Capitalized software development costs Total 
 Intangible assets as of October 31, 2022 consists of the following: 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

Customer relationships Contract rights intangible Trademarks and trade names Capitalized software development costs Total 
 Customer relationships Contract rights intangible Trademarks and trade names Capitalized software development costs (1) 
 Total 
 (1) Amortization of capitalized software development costs is included in cost of products revenue in the consolidated statements of income. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total 
 
 Note 6. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

Unbilled accounts receivable Total accounts receivable Less: allowance for credit losses ) ) Total Property and equipment, net: Computer and other equipment Buildings Furniture and fixtures Land Leasehold improvements Less: accumulated depreciation (1) 
 ) ) Total Other long-term assets: Deferred compensation plan assets Capitalized commission, net Other 
 Total Accounts payable and accrued liabilities: Payroll and related benefits Accrued income taxes 
 Other accrued liabilities Accounts payable Total Other long-term liabilities: Deferred compensation plan liabilities Other 
 Total 
 (1) Accumulated depreciation includes write-offs due to retirement of fully depreciated fixed assets. 
 
 Note 7. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

U.S. Treasury, agency T-bills Total: Short-term investments: U.S. Treasury, agency T-bills ) ) Municipal bonds ) Corporate debt securities ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) Total: ) ) 
 (1) See Note 8. Fair Value Measurements for further discussion on fair values. 
 Our short-term investment portfolio includes both corporate and government debt securities that have a maximum maturity of . The longer the duration of these securities, the more susceptible they are to changes in market interest rates and bond yields. As yields increase, those securities with a lower yield-at-cost show a mark-to-market unrealized loss. Most of our unrealized losses are due to changes in market interest rates, and bond yields. We believe that we have the ability to realize the full value of all of these investments upon maturity. As of October 31, 2023, our investments that were in a continuous loss position of 12 months or more, as well as the unrealized losses on those investments, were immaterial. 
 1-5 years 5-10 years >10 years Total 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

Total: Short-term investments: U.S. Treasury, agency T-bills ) ) Municipal bonds ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) Total: ) ) 
 (1) See Note 8. Fair Value Measurements for further discussion on fair values. 
 Restricted cash included in prepaid and other current assets Restricted cash included in other long-term assets Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 Non-marketable equity securities 
 Our portfolio of non-marketable equity securities consists of strategic investments in privately held companies. There were material impairments of non-marketable equity securities in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, or fiscal 2021. 
 Derivatives 
 We recognize derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets at fair value and provide qualitative and quantitative disclosures about such derivatives. We operate internationally and are exposed to potentially adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. We enter into hedges in the form of foreign currency forward contracts to reduce our exposure to foreign currency rate changes on non-functional currency denominated forecasted transactions and balance sheet positions including: (1) certain assets and liabilities, (2) shipments forecasted to occur within approximately , (3) future billings and revenue on previously shipped orders, and (4) certain future intercompany invoices denominated in foreign currencies. 
 The duration of forward contracts, the majority of which are short-term, ranges from approximately month to months at inception. We do not use foreign currency forward contracts for speculative or trading purposes. We enter into foreign exchange forward contracts with high credit quality financial institutions that are rated "A" or above and to date have not experienced nonperformance by counterparties. In addition, we mitigate credit risk in derivative 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

months or less. Certain forward contracts are rolled over periodically to capture the full length of exposure to our foreign currency risk, which can be up to . To receive hedge accounting treatment, all hedging relationships are formally documented at the inception of the hedge, and the hedges must be highly effective in offsetting changes to future cash flows on the hedged transactions. The related gains or losses resulting from changes in fair value of these hedges is initially reported, net of tax, as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) (OCI) in stockholders equity and reclassified into revenue or operating expenses, as appropriate, at the time the hedged transactions affect earnings. We expect a majority of the hedge balance in OCI to be reclassified to the statements of income within the next months. 
 We did record any gains or losses related to discontinuation of cash flow hedges for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 Non-designated Hedging Activities 
 Our foreign exchange forward contracts that are used to hedge non-functional currency denominated balance sheet assets and liabilities are not designated as hedging instruments. Accordingly, any gains or losses from changes in the fair value of the forward contracts are recorded in other income (expense), net. The gains and losses on these forward contracts generally offset the gains and losses associated with the underlying assets and liabilities, which are also recorded in other income (expense), net. The duration of the forward contracts for hedging our balance sheet exposure is approximately . 
 We also have certain foreign exchange forward contracts for hedging certain international revenues and expenses that are not designated as hedging instruments. Accordingly, any gains or losses from changes in the fair value of the forward contracts are recorded in other income (expense), net. The gains and losses on these forward contracts generally offset the gains and losses associated with the foreign currency in operating income. The duration of these forward contracts is usually less than . The overall goal of our hedging program is to minimize the impact of currency fluctuations on the net income over the fiscal year. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 
 ) ) 
 Net fair value ) ) 
 Our exposure to the market gains or losses will vary over time as a function of currency exchange rates. The amounts ultimately realized upon settlement of these financial instruments, together with the gains and losses on the underlying exposures, will depend on actual market conditions during the remaining life of the instruments. 
 Accrued liabilities Balance at October 31, 2022 Other current assets Accrued liabilities 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

Revenue ) Foreign exchange contracts Operating expenses Operating expenses ) Total ) Fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 Foreign exchange contracts Revenue ) Revenue Foreign exchange contracts Operating expenses ) Operating expenses ) Total ) ) Fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 Foreign exchange contracts Revenue Revenue Foreign exchange contracts Operating expenses Operating expenses Total 
 Other Commitments Credit and Term Loan 
 On December 14, 2022, we entered into a Fifth Extension and Amendment Agreement (the Fifth Amendment), which amended and restated our previous credit agreement, dated as of January 22, 2021 (as amended and restated, the Credit Agreement). 
 The Fifth Amendment increased the existing senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolver) from million to million and extended the maturity date from January 22, 2024 to December 14, 2027, which could be further extended at our option. The Credit Agreement also provides an uncommitted incremental revolving loan facility of up to million in the aggregate principal amount. The Credit Agreement contains a financial covenant requiring us to maintain a maximum consolidated leverage ratio, as well as other non-financial covenants. As of October 31, 2023, we were in compliance with the financial covenant. 
 Borrowings bear interest at the adjusted term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) plus an applicable margin between and based upon our consolidated leverage ratio. In addition, facility fees are payable on the Revolver at rates between and per year based on our leverage ratio on the daily amount of the revolving commitment. 
 There was outstanding balance under the Revolver as of October 31, 2023 and October 31, 2022. 
 In July 2018, we entered into a -year million Renminbi (approximately million) credit agreement with a lender in China to support our facilities expansion. Borrowings bear interest at a floating rate based on the -year Loan Prime Rate plus . As of October 31, 2023, we had a million outstanding balance under the agreement. The carrying amount of the short-term and long-term debt approximates the estimated fair value. 
 
 Note 8. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

On a recurring basis, we measure the fair value of certain assets and liabilities, which include cash equivalents, short-term investments, non-qualified deferred compensation plan assets, and foreign currency derivative contracts. 
 Our cash equivalents and short-term investments are classified within Level 1 or Level 2 because they are valued using quoted market prices in an active market or alternative independent pricing sources and models utilizing market observable inputs. 
 Our non-qualified deferred compensation plan assets consist of money market and mutual funds invested in domestic and international marketable securities that are directly observable in active markets and are therefore classified within Level 1. 
 Our foreign currency derivative contracts are classified within Level 2 because these contracts are not actively traded and the valuation inputs are based on quoted prices and market observable data of similar instruments. 
 Our borrowings under our Credit and Term Loan facilities are classified within Level 2 because these borrowings are not actively traded and have a variable interest rate structure based upon market rates currently available to us for debt with similar terms and maturities. See Note 7 . Financial Assets and Liabilities of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on these borrowings. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

U.S. Treasury, agency T-bills 
 Short-term investments: U.S. Treasury, agency T-bills 
 Municipal bonds Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities Prepaid and other current assets: Foreign currency derivative contracts Other long-term assets: Deferred compensation plan assets Total assets Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities: Foreign currency derivative contracts Other long-term liabilities: Deferred compensation plan liabilities Total liabilities 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

Short-term investments: U.S. Treasury, agency T-bills 
 Municipal bonds Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities Prepaid and other current assets: Foreign currency derivative contracts Other long-term assets: Deferred compensation plan assets Total assets Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities: Foreign currency derivative contracts Other long-term liabilities: Deferred compensation plan liabilities Total liabilities 
 Assets/Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis 
 Non-Marketable Equity Securities 

Note 9. 
 years. Because we are not reasonably certain to exercise these renewal options, the options are not considered in determining the lease term and associated potential option payments are excluded from lease payments. 
 Variable lease expense (2) 
 Total lease expense 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

ROU assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 
 Weighted-average discount rate 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total future minimum lease payments 
 Less: Imputed interest Total lease liabilities 
 
 In addition, certain facilities owned by us were leased to third parties under non-cancellable operating lease agreements. These leases have annual escalating payments and have expiration dates through March 31, 2031 in accordance with the terms and conditions of the existing agreement. 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

Note 10. 
 million payment made from us to Mentor. As a result of the settlement, the litigation with Mentor was dismissed and the injunction entered in connection with that litigation was vacated. The settlement included mutual patent cross-licenses between us and Siemens, and between us and Mentor. We and Mentor also amended an existing interoperability agreement to collaborate on a wide range of EDA products for the benefit of our mutual customers. The amendment includes a one-time termination charge between and million, payable to Mentor under certain conditions. 
 Tax Matters 
 We undergo examination from time to time by U.S. and foreign authorities for non-income based taxes, such as sales, use and value-added taxes, and are currently under examination by tax authorities in certain jurisdictions. If the potential loss from such examinations is considered probable and the amount or the range of loss could be estimated, we would accrue a liability for the estimated expense. In addition to the foregoing, we are, from time to time, party to various other claims and legal proceedings in the ordinary course of our business, including with tax and other governmental authorities. For a description of certain of these other matters, refer to Note 15. Income Taxes of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

Note 11.) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on derivative instruments, net of taxes ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes ) ) Total ) )) Operating expenses ) ) Total ) ) 
 Amounts reclassified in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 primarily consisted of gains (losses) from our cash flow hedging activities. See Note 7. Financial Assets and Liabilities of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Note 12. 
 billion of our common stock. As of October 31, 2023, million remained available for future repurchases under the Program. 
 In August 2023, we entered into an accelerated stock repurchase agreement (the August 2023 ASR) to repurchase an aggregate of million of our common stock. Pursuant to the August 2023 ASR, we made a prepayment of million to receive initial deliveries of shares valued at million. The remaining balance of million was settled in November 2023. Total shares purchased under the August 2023 ASR were approximately million shares, at an average purchase price of per share. 
 Average purchase price per share Aggregate purchase price Reissuance of treasury stock 
 (1) Excludes shares and million equity forward contract that was settled in November 2023. 
 (2) Excludes shares and million equity forward contract that was settled in November 2021. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

Note 13. 
 of the lesser of the fair market value of the shares at (1) the beginning of an offering period (generally, a rolling period) or (2) the purchase date (generally occurring at the end of each semi-annual purchase period), subject to the terms of ESPP, including a limit on the number of shares that may be purchased in a purchase period. 
 On April 12, 2022, our stockholders approved amendments to the ESPP to increase the number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the plan by million shares. During fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, we issued million, million, and million shares, respectively, under the ESPP at average per share prices of , and , respectively. As of October 31, 2023, million shares of common stock were reserved for future issuance under the ESPP. 
 Equity Compensation Plans 
 2006 Employee Equity Incentive Plan. On April 25, 2006, our stockholders approved the 2006 Employee Equity Incentive Plan (2006 Employee Plan), which provides for the grant of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, stock appreciation rights and other forms of equity compensation, including performance stock awards and performance cash awards, as determined by the plan administrator. The terms and conditions of each type of award are set forth in the 2006 Employee Plan and in the award agreements governing particular awards. 
 Restricted stock units are granted under the 2006 Employee Plan as part of our incentive compensation program. In general, restricted stock units vest over three to and are subject to the employee's continuing service with us. Restricted stock units granted with specific performance criteria vest to the extent performance conditions are met. Restricted stock units granted with certain market conditions vest over two to to the extent these market conditions are met. For each restricted stock unit granted under the 2006 Employee Plan, a share reserve ratio of is applied for the purpose of determining the remaining number of shares reserved for future grants under the plan. Options granted under this plan generally have a contractual term of and generally vest over . 
 On April 12, 2023, our stockholders amended the 2006 Employee Plan to, among other things, increase the number of shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under the plan by million shares. As of October 31, 2023, an aggregate of million stock options and million restricted stock units were outstanding, and million shares were available for future issuance under the 2006 Employee Plan. 
 2005 and 2017 Non-Employee Directors Equity Incentive Plans. On April 6, 2017, our stockholders approved the 2017 Non-Employee Directors Equity Incentive Plan (2017 Directors Plan). In connection with stockholder approval of the 2017 Directors Plan, the 2005 Non-Employee Directors Equity Incentive Plan (2005 Directors Plan) was terminated as of April 6, 2017, and no awards could be granted under the 2005 Directors Plan after that date. 
 Under the 2005 Directors Plan, we granted options, which vest over a period of three to to non-employee directors. As of October 31, 2023, stock options were outstanding under the 2005 Directors Plan. 
 The 2017 Directors Plan provides for equity awards to non-employee directors in the form of stock options, restricted stock units, restricted stock or a combination thereof. On April 6, 2017, our stockholders approved an aggregate of million shares of common stock reserved under the 2017 Directors Plan. 
 We grant restricted stock awards and options under the 2017 Directors Plan. Restricted stock awards generally vest on an annual basis and options vest over a period of . As of October 31, 2023, shares of restricted stock awards were unvested and stock options were outstanding, and a total of shares of common stock were reserved for future issuance under the 2017 Directors Plan. 
 Other Assumed Stock Plans through Acquisitions. We have assumed certain outstanding stock awards of acquired companies, including restricted stock units and options. If these assumed equity awards are canceled, forfeited or expire unexercised, the underlying shares do not become available for future grant. As of October 31, 2023, thousand shares of our common stock remained subject to such outstanding assumed equity awards. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

Granted (2) 
 Vested (4) 
 ) Forfeited ) Balance at October 31, 2021 Granted (3) 
 Vested (4) 
 ) Forfeited ) Balance at October 31, 2022 Granted (3) 
 Vested (4) 
 ) Forfeited ) Balance at October 31, 2023 
 (1) No restricted stock units were assumed in connection with acquisitions in the last three fiscal years, but the balance at fiscal year-end includes certain restricted stock units that were previously assumed in connection with acquisitions. 
 (2) The number of granted restricted stock units includes those granted to senior management with performance-based vesting criteria (in addition to service-based vesting criteria) (performance-based RSUs) reported at the maximum possible number of shares that may ultimately be issuable if all applicable performance-based criteria are achieved at their maximum levels and all applicable service-based criteria are fully satisfied. 
 (3) The number of granted restricted stock units includes those granted to senior management with market-based and performance-based vesting criteria (in addition to service-based vesting criteria) (market-based RSUs) reported at the maximum possible number of shares that may ultimately be issuable if all applicable market-based and performance-based criteria are achieved at their maximum levels and all applicable service-based criteria are fully satisfied. 
 (4) The number of vested restricted stock units includes shares that were withheld on behalf of employees to satisfy the minimum statutory tax withholding requirements. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

Granted Exercised ) Canceled/forfeited/expired ) Balance at October 31, 2021 Granted Exercised ) Canceled/forfeited/expired ) Balance at October 31, 2022 Granted Exercised ) Canceled/forfeited/expired ) Balance at October 31, 2023 Vested and expected to vest as of October 31, 2023 Exercisable at October 31, 2023 
 (1) No stock options were assumed in connection with acquisitions in the last three fiscal years, but the balance at fiscal year-end includes certain stock options that were previously assumed in connection with acquisitions. 
 The aggregate intrinsic value in the preceding table represents the pre-tax intrinsic value based on stock options with an exercise price less than our closing stock price of as of October 31, 2023. 
 Average exercise price per share 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

Options granted (2) 
 ) Options canceled/forfeited/expired (2) 
 Restricted stock units granted (1)(3) 
 ) Restricted stock units forfeited (1) 
 Additional shares reserved Balance at October 31, 2021 Options granted (2) 
 ) Options canceled/forfeited/expired (2) 
 Restricted stock units granted (1)(4) 
 ) Restricted stock units forfeited (1) 
 Additional shares reserved Balance at October 31, 2022 Options granted (2) 
 ) Options canceled/forfeited/expired (2) 
 Restricted stock units granted (1)(4) 
 ) Restricted stock units forfeited (1) 
 Additional shares reserved Balance at October 31, 2023 
 (1) Restricted stock units includes awards granted under the 2006 Employee Plan and assumed through acquisitions. The number of RSUs reflects the application of the award multiplier of as described above. 
 (2) Options granted by us are not subject to the award multiplier ratio described above. 
 (3) The number of granted restricted stock units includes performance-based RSUs reported at the maximum possible number of shares that may ultimately be issuable if all applicable performance-based criteria are achieved at their maximum levels and all applicable service-based criteria are fully satisfied. 
 (4) The number of granted restricted stock units includes market-based RSUs reported at the maximum possible number of shares that may ultimately be issuable if all applicable market-based and performance-based criteria are achieved at their maximum levels and all applicable service-based criteria are fully satisfied. 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited Unvested at October 31, 2021 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited Unvested at October 31, 2022 Granted Vested ) Forfeited Unvested at October 31, 2023 
 Valuation and Expense of Stock-Based Compensation. We estimate the fair value of stock options and employee stock purchase rights under the ESPP on the grant date. The value of awards expected to vest is recognized as expense over the applicable service periods. We use the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the fair value of stock options and employee stock purchase plan rights . The Black-Scholes option-pricing model incorporates various assumptions including expected volatility, expected term and interest rates. The expected volatility for both stock options and employee stock purchase rights is estimated by a combination of implied volatility for publicly traded options of our common stock with a term of six months or longer and the historical stock price volatility over the estimated expected term of such awards, which is based on historical experience. 
 Restricted stock units are valued based on the closing price of our common stock on the grant date. We use the straight-line attribution method to recognize stock-based compensation costs over the service period of the award except for performance-based RSUs and market-based RSUs. 
 We estimate the probability of achievement of applicable performance goals for performance-based RSUs in each reporting period and recognize related stock-based compensation expense using the graded-vesting method. The amount of stock-based compensation expense recognized in any period can vary based on the attainment or expected attainment of the various performance goals. If such performance goals are not ultimately met, no compensation expense is recognized and any previously recognized compensation expense is reversed. 
 We estimated the fair value of market-based RSUs on the grant date using a Monte Carlo simulation model. Under the award agreements, the vesting of the market-based RSUs is contingent on achieving total stockholder return (TSR) relative to a peer index as well as revenue growth metrics. The maximum potential awards that may be earned are of the target number of the initial awards. For market-based RSUs granted in February, May, August and December 2022, the performance period during which the achievement goals will be measured is fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2023. The awards will vest in equal increments in December 2023 and December 2024 if the TSR target, revenue growth metrics, and service conditions are achieved. For market-based RSUs granted in February and August 2023, the performance period during which the achievement goals will be measured is fiscal 2023, fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2025. The awards will vest in December 2025 if the TSR target, revenue growth metrics, and service conditions are achieved. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 - 
 Volatility - 
 - 
 - 
 Weighted average estimated fair value 

ESPP: 
 Expected life (in years) - 
 - 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 - 
 Volatility - 
 - 
 - 
 Weighted average estimated fair value 

- 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 Volatility - 
 - 
 Grant date fair value 
 - 
 - 

Cost of maintenance and service Research and development expense Sales and marketing expense General and administrative expense Stock-based compensation expense before taxes Income tax benefit ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense after taxes 
 As of October 31, 2023, we had billion of total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense relating to options, RSUs and restricted stock awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. As of October 31, 2023, we had million of total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense relating to the ESPP, which is expected to be recognized over a period of years. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan. We maintain the Synopsys Deferred Compensation Plan (Deferred Plan), which permits eligible employees to defer up to of their annual cash base compensation and up to of their eligible cash variable compensation. Amounts may be withdrawn from the Deferred Plan pursuant to elections made by the employees in accordance with the terms of the plan. Since the inception of the Deferred Plan, we have not made any matching or discretionary contributions to the Deferred Plan. There are no Deferred Plan provisions that 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

Plan liabilities recorded in other long-term liabilities (1) 
 
 (1) Undistributed deferred compensation balances due to participants. 
 Income or loss from the change in fair value of the Deferred Plan assets is recorded in other income (expense), net. The increase or decrease in the fair value of the undistributed Deferred Plan obligation is recorded in total cost of revenue and operating expense. 
 ) Other income (expense), net ) Net increase (decrease) to net income 
 Other Retirement Plans. We sponsor various defined contribution retirement plans for our eligible U.S. and non-U.S. employees. Total contributions to these plans were million, million, and million in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. For employees in the United States and Canada, we match pre-tax employee contributions up to a maximum of U.S. and Canadian , respectively, per participant per year. 
 Certain of our international subsidiaries sponsor defined benefit retirement plans. The unfunded projected benefit obligation for these defined benefit retirement plans as of October 31, 2023 and 2022 was immaterial and recorded in other long-term liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Note 14. 
 Denominator: Weighted average common shares for basic net income per share Dilutive effect of common share equivalents from equity-based compensation Weighted average common shares for diluted net income per share Net income per share attributed to Synopsys: Basic Diluted Anti-dilutive employee stock-based awards excluded 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

Note 15. 
 Foreign Total income (loss) before provision for income taxes 
 
 State Foreign Deferred: Federal ) ) ) State ) Foreign ) ) ) ) ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
 State tax (benefit), net of federal effect ) ) Federal tax credits ) ) ) Tax (benefit) on foreign earnings 
 ) Foreign-derived intangible income deduction ) ) ) Tax settlements ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) ) Changes in valuation allowance Other Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

Deferred compensation Intangible and depreciable assets Capitalized research and development costs Stock-based compensation Tax loss carryovers Foreign tax credit carryovers Research and other tax credit carryovers Operating Lease Liabilities Accruals and reserves 
 Other 
 Gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Intangible assets 
 Operating lease Right-of-Use-Assets 
 Accruals and reserves 
 Undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries 
 Other 
 Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax assets 
 It is more likely than not that the results of future operations will be able to generate sufficient taxable income to realize the net deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance provided against our deferred tax assets as of October 31, 2023 is mainly attributable to foreign tax credits available to non-U.S. subsidiaries and the California research credits. The valuation allowance increased by a net of million in fiscal 2023 primarily related to the net increase of valuation allowance on California research credits. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

2024-2042 Federal research credit carryforward 2024-2038 Federal foreign tax credit carryforward 2027-2033 International foreign tax credit carryforward Indefinite International net operating loss carryforward 2027-Indefinite California research credit carryforward Indefinite Other state research credit carryforward 2025-2043 State net operating loss carryforward 2024-2045 
 The federal and state net operating loss carryforward is from acquired companies and the annual use of such loss is subject to significant limitations under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 and certain provisions of the Tax Act. Foreign tax credits may only be used to offset tax attributable to foreign source income. 
 The gross unrecognized tax benefits decreased by approximately million during fiscal 2023 resulting in gross unrecognized tax benefits of million as of October 31, 2023. 
 Increases in unrecognized tax benefits related to prior year tax positions Decreases in unrecognized tax benefits related to prior year tax positions ) ) Increases in unrecognized tax benefits related to current year tax positions Decreases in unrecognized tax benefits related to settlements with taxing authorities ) Reductions in unrecognized tax benefits due to lapse of applicable statute of limitations ) ) Increases in unrecognized tax benefits acquired Changes in unrecognized tax benefits due to foreign currency translation ) Ending balance 
 As of October 31, 2023 and 2022, approximately million and million, respectively, of the unrecognized tax benefits would affect our effective tax rate if recognized upon resolution of the uncertain tax positions. 
 Interest and penalties related to estimated obligations for tax positions taken in our tax returns are recognized as a component of income tax expense (benefit) in the consolidated statements of income and totaled approximately ) million , million and million for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of October 31, 2023 and 2022, the combined amount of accrued interest and penalties related to tax positions taken on our tax returns were approximately million and million, respectively. 
 The timing of the resolution of income tax examinations, and the amounts and timing of various tax payments that are part of the settlement process, are highly uncertain. Variations in such amounts and/or timing could cause large fluctuations in the balance sheet classification of current and non-current assets and liabilities. We believe that in the coming 12 months, it is reasonably possible that either certain audits and ongoing tax litigation will conclude or the statute of limitations on certain state and foreign income and withholding taxes will expire, or both. Given the uncertainty as to ultimate settlement terms, the timing of payment and the impact of such settlements on other uncertain tax positions, the range of the estimated potential decrease in underlying unrecognized tax benefits is between and million. 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

In addition, we have made acquisitions with operations in several of our significant jurisdictions which may have years subject to examination different from the years indicated in the above table. 
 IRS Examinations 
 In fiscal 2021, the Examination Division of the IRS completed its pre-filing review for fiscal 2020 and as a result we recognized approximately million in unrecognized tax benefits, primarily due to the allowance of research tax credits. 
 Non-U.S. Examinations 
 Hungarian Tax Authority 
 In 2017, the Hungarian Tax Authority (the HTA) assessed withholding taxes of approximately million and interest and penalties of million, against our Hungary subsidiary (Synopsys Hungary). Synopsys Hungary contested the assessment with the Hungarian Administrative Court (Administrative Court). In 2019, as required under Hungarian law, Synopsys Hungary paid the assessment and recorded a tax expense due to an unrecognized tax benefit of million, which is net of estimated U.S. foreign tax credits. During 2021 and 2022 a series of appeals, hearings and re-hearings occurred at the Administrative Court and Hungarian Supreme Court. Hearings with the Administrative Court were held on June 30, 2022, September 22, 2022 and April 25, 2023. The Administrative Court issued its written decision in favor of Synopsys Hungary on May 17, 2023, and subsequently refunded Synopsys Hungary the tax, penalty and interest paid in fiscal 2018, as well as additional interest all totaling million (including the effect of currency movement). The refunded tax, penalty and interest was recognized as an income tax benefit. The HTA had until July 14, 2023, to file an appeal with the Hungarian Supreme Court and the HTA did not appeal. This concludes the litigation. During the third quarter of fiscal 2023, Synopsys released its unrecognized tax benefit and offsetting U.S. foreign tax credits, resulting in a net benefit of million. 
 We are also under examination by the tax authorities in certain other jurisdictions. No material assessments have been proposed in these examinations. 
 Legislative Developments 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act) was enacted in the United States. The IR Act includes a 15 minimum tax based primarily on global consolidated U.S. GAAP profits with a 1 billion minimum threshold. The tax takes effect in fiscal 2024, with the 1 billion threshold measured as an average over three years commencing in the current fiscal year. Computation of the tax includes adjustments which, among others, provide for an offset of income taxes paid or accrued in non-U.S. jurisdictions. The details of the computation will be subject to regulations to be issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Synopsys will monitor regulatory developments and will continue to evaluate the impact, if any, of the minimum tax. 
 The IR Act imposes a 1 excise tax on the fair market value of stock repurchases made by covered corporations after December 31, 2022. The total taxable value of shares repurchased is reduced by the fair market value of any newly issued shares during the taxable year. As of October 31, 2023, this does not have any impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

93 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

Note 16. 
 Interest expense ) ) ) Gains (losses) on assets related to deferred compensation plan ) Foreign currency exchange gains (losses) ) Other, net ) ) Total ) 
 
 Note 17. 
 reportable segments to the following reportable segments: (1) Design Automation, which includes our advanced silicon design, verification products and services, system integration products and services, digital, custom and FPGA IC design software, verification software and hardware products, manufacturing software products and other; (2) Design IP, which includes our Design IP products; and (3) Software Integrity, which includes solutions that test software code for security vulnerabilities and quality defects, as well as professional and managed services. As such, prior period reportable segment results and related disclosures have been reclassified to reflect our current reportable segments. 
 The financial information provided to and used by the CODM to assist in making operational decisions, allocating resources, and assessing performance includes consolidated financial information as well as revenue, adjusted operating income, and adjusted operating margin information for the Design Automation, Design IP and Software Integrity segments, accompanied by disaggregated information relating to revenue by geographic region. 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

Adjusted operating income Adjusted operating margin Design Automation: Revenue Adjusted operating income Adjusted operating margin Design IP: 
 Revenue Adjusted operating income Adjusted operating margin Software Integrity: Revenue Adjusted operating income Adjusted operating margin 
 Certain operating expenses are not allocated to the segments and are managed at a consolidated level. 
 Reconciling items: Amortization of intangible assets ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense ) ) ) Deferred compensation plan ) ) Restructuring charges ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Total operating income 
 The CODM does not use total assets by segment to evaluate segment performance or allocate resources. As a result, total assets by segment are not disclosed. 
 In allocating revenue to particular geographic areas, the CODM considers where individual seats or licenses to our products are located. Revenue is defined as revenue from external customers. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

Europe 
 China 
 Korea 
 Other 
 Consolidated 
 
 Other Total 
 Geographic revenue data for multi-regional, multi-product transactions reflect internal allocations and are therefore subject to certain assumptions and to our allocation methodology. 
 One customer, including its subsidiaries, accounted for , , and of our consolidated revenue in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. One customer accounted for of our accounts receivable as of October 31, 2023. No customer accounted for over 10 of our accounts receivable as of October 31, 2022. 
 
 Note 18. 
 million consisting primarily of severance costs and facility exit costs. 
 During fiscal 2023, we made payments of million under the 2023 Plan. As of October 31, 2023, the payroll and related benefits liabilities of million were recorded in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and the remaining outstanding restructuring related liabilities of million were recorded in other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 During fiscal 2022, we recorded restructuring charges of million and made payments of million under the 2021 restructuring plan (the 2021 Plan) initiated in the third quarter of fiscal 2021.There was outstanding balance under the 2021 Plan as of October 31, 2022. 
 million and made payments of million under the 2021 Plan. As of October 31, 2021, million of payroll and related benefits liabilities remained outstanding and was recorded in accounts payable and accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued 

Note 19. 
 million to million in the first quarter of fiscal 2024. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. As of October 28, 2023, Synopsys carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of Synopsys management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of Synopsys disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance of achieving their control objectives. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of October 28, 2023, Synopsys disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports Synopsys files and submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to Synopsys management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding its required disclosure. 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) for Synopsys. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of October 28, 2023. In assessing the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, our management used the framework established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by The Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 Our management has concluded that, as of October 28, 2023, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on these criteria. Our independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, has issued an auditors report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, which is included herein. 
 (c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. There were no changes in Synopsys internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended October 28, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Synopsys internal control over financial reporting. 

98 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 Insider Adoption or Termination of Trading Arrangements 
 
 of our directors or officers informed us of the adoption, modification or termination of a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" (as those terms are defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K) during the quarterly period covered by this report, except as described in the table below: 
 Name and Title Action Date Adopted 
 Character of Trading Arrangement (1) 
 Aggregate Number of Common Stock to be Purchased or Sold Pursuant to Trading Arrangement 
 Expiration Date (2) 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangement Up to shares to be sold 
 9/20/2024 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangement Up to shares to be sold 
 1/19/2024 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangement (3) 
 9/13/2024 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangement Up to shares to be sold 
 7/19/2024 
 
 (1) Except as indicated by footnote, each trading arrangement marked as a Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangement is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c), as amended (the Rule). 
 (2) Except as indicated by footnote, each trading arrangement permitted or permits transactions through and including the earlier to occur of (a) the completion of all purchases or sales or (b) the date listed in the table. Each trading arrangement marked as a Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangement only permitted or only permits transactions upon expiration of the applicable mandatory cooling-off period under the Rule. 
 (3) The aggregate number of common stock to be sold pursuant to Mr. Mahoney's Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangement includes: 
 a. shares of common stock held by Mr. Mahoney; 
 b. 75 of net after-tax shares of common stock received upon the payout of performance-based restricted stock units (PRSUs), which were granted in fiscal 2022. The number of shares that will be earned will depend on our performance. See the Compensation Discussion and Analysis in our most recent proxy statement, which was filed on February 17, 2023 for more information. In addition, the actual number of shares that will be released to Mr. Mahoney in connection with the 2022 PRSUs and sold under the Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangement will be net of the number of shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations arising from the vesting of such shares and is not yet determinable; and 
 c. 75 of the net after-tax shares received upon the vesting of restricted stock units, which represents1/4th of a grant of restricted stock units of shares. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 None. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 For information required by this Item relating to our executive officers, see Information about our Executive Officers in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The information required by this Item relating to our directors and nominees is included under the heading Proposal 1 Election of Directors, in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed within 120 days after October 28, 2023 for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (our Proxy Statement) and is incorporated herein by reference. The information required by this Item regarding our Audit Committee is included under the headings Audit Committee Report and Corporate Governance in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. We will provide disclosure of delinquent Section 16(a) reports, if any, in our Proxy Statement, and such disclosure, if any, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The information required by this Item relating to our code of ethics and its applicability to our Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer is included under the subheading Ethics and Business Conduct under the heading Corporate Governance in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this Item relating to director and executive compensation is included under the headings Compensation Discussion and Analysis (and all subheadings thereunder), Executive Compensation Tables (and all subheadings thereunder), Director Compensation, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, and Compensation Committee Report in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this Item relating to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is included under the heading Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in our Proxy Statement, and the information required by this Item relating to securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is included under the heading Equity Compensation Plan Information in our Proxy Statement, and, in each case, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this Item relating to the review, approval or ratification of transactions with related persons is included under the heading Transactions with Related Persons in our Proxy Statement, and the information required by this Item relating to director independence is included under the heading Director Independence, and, in each case, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this Item is included under the subheadings Fees and Service of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures under the proposal titled Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

100 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 
 (1) Financial Statements 
 The following documents are included as Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K: 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , PCAOB ID: 
 50 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 52 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 56 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 57 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 Schedules not listed above have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is shown in the financial statements or notes herein. 
 (3) Exhibits 
 See Item 15(b) below. 
 (b) Exhibits 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Incorporated By Reference Filed or Furnished Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 10-Q 000-19807 3.1 9/15/2003 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 10-K 000-19807 3.2 12/15/2020 4.1 Description of Synopsys' Capital Stock 
 10-K 000-19807 4.2 12/15/2020 10.1 Fifth Extension and Amendment Agreement, dated December 14, 2022, among Synopsys as Borrower, the Lenders parties thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent for the lenders. 
 8-K 000-19807 10.1 12/14/2022 10.2 2006 Employee Equity Incentive Plan, as amended 
 8-K 000-19807 10.2 
 4/14/2023 10.3 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Award Agreement under 2006 Employee Equity Incentive Plan 
 8-K 000-19807 10.3 
 4/14/2023 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Incorporated By Reference Filed or Furnished Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.4 Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Award Agreement under 2006 Employee Equity Incentive Plan 
 8-K 000-19807 10.4 
 4/14/2023 10.5 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended 
 8-K 000-19807 10.6 4/15/2022 10.6 2017 Non-Employee Directors Equity Incentive Plan 
 8-K 000-19807 10.8 4/10/2017 10.7 Form of Restricted Stock Grant Notice and Award Agreement under 2017 Non-Employee Directors Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-K 000-19807 10.9 12/14/2017 10.8 Form of Stock Options Grant Notice and Option Agreement under 2017 Non-Employee Directors Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-K 000-19807 10.10 12/14/2017 10.9 Deferred Compensation Plan as restated effective August 1, 2002 
 10-Q 000-19807 10.5 6/10/2004 10.10 Synopsys Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan II 
 10-Q 000-19807 10.23 3/9/2009 10.11 Form of Indemnification Agreement for directors and executive officers 
 8-K 000-19807 99.2 7/14/2011 10.12 Director s and Officer s Insurance and Company Reimbursement Policy S-1 33-45138 10.2 2/24/1992 (effective date) 10.13 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated December 15, 2016 between Synopsys, Inc. and Dr. Aart de Geus 
 8-K 000-19807 10.16 12/21/2016 10.14 Executive Incentive Plan, as amended 
 10-Q 
 000-19807 10.1 2/17/2023 10.15 Amended and Restated Executive Change of Control Severance Benefit Plan 
 8-K 000-19807 10.19 12/21/2016 10.16 
 Executive Severance Benefit and Transition Plan 
 8-K 000-19807 10.1 2/9/2021 10.17 
 Relocation Assistance Agreement, dated April 30, 2021, by and between Synopsys, Inc. and Sassine Ghazi 
 10-Q 000-19807 10.2 5/21/2021 10.18 
 Offer Letter, dated November 23, 2022, by and between Synopsys, Inc. and Shelagh Glaser 
 8-K 000-19807 10.1 11/29/2022 21.1 Subsidiaries of Synopsys, Inc. 
 X 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Incorporated By Reference Filed or Furnished Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 X 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act 
 X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act 
 X 32.1+ Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer furnished pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code 
 X 97.1 
 Compensation Recovery Policy 
 X 
 101 The following financial statements from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 28, 2023, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 28, 2023 and October 29, 2022, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended October 28, 2023, October 29, 2022 and October 30, 2021 (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended October 28, 2023, October 29, 2022 and October 30, 2021 (iv) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the Years Ended October 28, 2023, October 29, 2022 and October 30, 2021 , (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended October 28, 2023, October 29, 2022 and October 30, 2021 (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags 
 X 
 Indicates a management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 + This exhibit is furnished with this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not incorporated by reference in any filing of Synopsys, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 S YNOPSYS , I NC . 
 Date: December 12, 2023 
 By: /s/ S HELAGH G LASER 
 Shelagh Glaser Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 Name Title Date / S / A ART J. DE G EUS 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chair of the Board of Directors December 12, 2023 
 Aart J. de Geus / S / S HELAGH G LASER 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) December 12, 2023 
 Shelagh Glaser / S / S UDHINDRA K ANKANWADI 
 Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) December 12, 2023 
 Sudhindra Kankanwadi / S / S ASSINE G HAZI 
 President, Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 December 12, 2023 
 Sassine Ghazi 
 / S / L UIS B ORGEN 
 Director December 12, 2023 
 Luis Borgen / S / M ARC C ASPER 
 Director December 12, 2023 
 Marc Casper / S / J ANICE D. C HAFFIN 
 Director December 12, 2023 
 Janice D. Chaffin / S / B RUCE R. C HIZEN 
 Director December 12, 2023 
 Bruce R. Chizen / S / M ERCEDES J OHNSON 
 Director December 12, 2023 
 Mercedes Johnson / S / R OBERT P AINTER 
 Director December 12, 2023 
 Robert Painter 
 /s/ J EANNINE S ARGENT 
 Director December 12, 2023 
 Jeannine Sargent / S / J OHN G. S CHWARZ 
 Director December 12, 2023 
 John G. Schwarz / S / R OY V ALLEE 
 Director December 12, 2023 
 Roy Vallee 
 
 105 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 a103123exhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 
 Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Black Duck Software, Inc. Delaware Nihon Synopsys G.K. Japan PikeTec GmbH Germany SNPS Ireland New Limited Ireland Synopsys (India) Private Limited India Synopsys Emulation and Verification SAS France Synopsys International Limited Ireland Synopsys International Services, Inc. Delaware Synopsys Korea, Inc. Korea Synopsys Netherlands B.V. Netherlands Synopsys Software Science and Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Synopsys Taiwan Co., Ltd. Taiwan Synopsys Technologies Company Limited Taiwan Synopsys Technologies Holding LLC Delaware Synopsys USIE Holdings LLC Delaware 
 
 Pursuant to Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S-K, the names of other subsidiaries of Synopsys, Inc. are omitted because, considered in the aggregate, they would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of the end of the year covered by this report. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 a103123exhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-84517 and 333-68011) on Form S-3, and in the registration statements (Nos. 333-272097, 333-265121, 333-256387, 333-238629, 333-231761, 333-225237, 333-221990, 333-217177, 333-215526, 333-213246, 333-206458, 333-196428, 333-195167, 333-189019, 333-185600, 333-181875, 333-179940, 333-174587, 333-169275, 333-166274, 333-157791, 333-151070, 333-151067, 333-134899, 333-125225, 333-125224, 333-116222, 333-108507, 333-106149, 333-103636, 333-103635, 333-103418, 333-100155, 333-99651, 333-97319, 333-97317, 333-75638, 333-77000, 333-71056, 333-63216, 333-56170, 333-45056, 333-38810, 333-32130, 333-90643, 333-84279, 333-77597, 333-77127, 333-68883, 333-60783, 333-50947, 333-45181, 333-42069, and 333-22663) on Form S-8, of our report dated December 12, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Synopsys, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 Santa Clara, California 
 December 12, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 a103123exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Aart J. de Geus, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Synopsys, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date December 12, 2023 s Aart J. de Geus Aart J. de Geus Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chair of the Board of Directors 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 a103123exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Shelagh Glaser, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Synopsys, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date December 12, 2023 s Shelagh Glaser Shelagh Glaser Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 a103123exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and 
 (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C- 1350), each of Aart J. de Geus, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Directors of Synopsys, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Shelagh Glaser, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge that 
 The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2023 (the Form 10-K to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have set their hands hereto as of December 12, 2023. 
 
 s Aart J. de Geus Aart J. de Geus Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chair of the Board of Directors 
 s Shelagh Glaser Shelagh Glaser Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as part of the Form 10-K or as a separate disclosure document and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-97.1>
 7
 exhibit971compensationreco.htm
 EX-97.1

Document 
 Exhibit 97.1 

 SYNOPSYS, INC. 
 Executive Officer Compensation Recovery Policy 
 
 This Executive Officer Compensation Recovery Policy (the Policy covers the Covered Officers of Synopsys, Inc. (the Company and explains when the Company will be required to seek recovery of Incentive Compensation awarded or paid to Covered Officers. Refer to Exhibit A attached hereto (the Definitions Exhibit for the definitions of capitalized terms used throughout this Policy. 
 1. Miscalculation of Financial Performance Measure Results. In the event of a Restatement, the Company will seek to recover, reasonably promptly, all Recoverable Incentive Compensation from Covered Officers. Such recovery will be made without regard to any individual knowledge or responsibility related to the Restatement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company is required to undertake a Restatement, the Company will not be required to recover the Recoverable Incentive Compensation if the Compensation and Organizational Development Committee (the Compensation Committee ), or in the event the Compensation Committee is not comprised solely of independent directors, a majority of independent directors serving on the Board, determines it Impracticable to do so, after exercising a normal due process review of all the relevant facts and circumstances. 
 If such Recoverable Incentive Compensation was not awarded or paid on a formulaic basis, the Company will seek to recover the amount that the Compensation Committee determines in good faith should be recouped. 
 2. Other Actions . The Compensation Committee may, subject to applicable law, seek recovery in the manner it chooses, including by seeking reimbursement from the Covered Officer of all or part of the compensation awarded or paid, by electing to withhold unpaid compensation, by set-off, or by rescinding or canceling unvested stock or units. 
 3. No Indemnification or Reimbursement . Notwithstanding the terms of any other policy, program, agreement or arrangement, in no event will the Company or any of its affiliates indemnify or reimburse a Covered Officer for any loss under this Policy and in no event will the Company or any of its affiliates pay premiums on any insurance policy that would cover a Covered Officer s potential obligations with respect to Recoverable Incentive Compensation under this Policy. 
 4. Administration of Policy . The Compensation Committee will have full authority to administer this Policy. The Compensation Committee will, subject to the provisions of this Policy and Rule 10D-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Company s applicable exchange listing standards, make such determinations and interpretations and take such actions in connection with this Policy as it deems necessary, appropriate or advisable. All determinations and interpretations made by the Compensation Committee will be final, binding and conclusive. 
 5. Other Claims and Rights . The remedies under this Policy are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any legal and equitable claims the Company or any of its affiliates may have or any actions that may be imposed by law enforcement agencies, regulators, administrative bodies, or other authorities. Further, the exercise by the Compensation Committee of any rights pursuant to this Policy will not impact any other rights that the Company or any of its affiliates may have with respect to any Covered Officer subject to this Policy. In the event the Company is required to recover any Recoverable Incentive Compensation from a Covered Officer who is no longer an employee, the Company will be entitled to seek such recovery to comply with applicable law or exchange listing standard, regardless of the terms of any release of claims or separation agreement such individual may have signed. 
 6. Acknowledgement by Covered Officers Condition to Eligibility for Incentive Compensation . The Company will provide notice and seek acknowledgement of this Policy from each Covered Officer, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B , provided that the failure to provide such notice or obtain such acknowledgement will have no impact on the applicability or enforceability of this Policy. Following the Effective Date, the Company must be in receipt of a Covered Officer's acknowledgement as a condition to such Covered Officer s eligibility to receive Incentive Compensation. 
 1 

Exhibit 97.1 

 7. Amendment Termination . The Board or the Compensation Committee may amend or terminate this Policy at any time. 
 8. Effectiveness . Except as otherwise determined in writing by the Compensation Committee, this Policy amends and supersedes in their entirety any prior recoupment policies that were previously in effect for the Covered Officers (the Covered Officer Prior Policies and will apply to any Incentive Compensation that is Received by a Covered Officer on or following the Effective Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Covered Officer Prior Policies shall remain in full force and effect as to any compensation that, without the existence, and satisfaction, of conditions as set forth in the Prior Policies, may otherwise have been deemed earned prior to the Effective Date. This Policy will survive and continue notwithstanding any termination of the undersigned s employment with the Company and its affiliates. 
 9. Successors . This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Officers and, to the extent required by applicable law, their successors, beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators, or other legal representatives. 
 10. Governing Law . To the extent not preempted by federal law, this Policy will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without reference to principles of conflict of laws. 
 
 Updated December 1, 2023. 
 
 2 

Exhibit 97.1 

 EXHIBIT A 
 
 DEFINITIONS 
 
 Applicable Period means the three completed fiscal years of the Company immediately preceding the earlier of (i) the date the Board, a committee of the Board, or the officer or officers of the Company authorized to take action if Board action is not required, concludes (or reasonably should have concluded) that a Restatement is required or (ii) the date a regulator, court or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare a Restatement. The Applicable Period also includes any transition period (that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year) within or immediately following the three completed fiscal years identified in the preceding sentence. 
 
 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 Covered Officer means any person who is, or was at any time, during the Applicable Period, an Executive Officer of the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, a Covered Officer may include a former Executive Officer that left the Company, retired, or transitioned to an employee or director role (including after serving as an Executive Officer in an interim capacity) during the Applicable Period. 
 
 Executive Officer means the Company s president, principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer (or if there is no such accounting officer, the controller), any vice-president in charge of a principal business unit, division, or function (such as sales, administration, or finance), any other officer who performs a policy-making function, or any other person (including an officer of the Company s parent(s) or subsidiaries) who performs similar policy-making functions for the Company. Executive officers of the Company s parent(s) or subsidiaries are deemed executive officers of the Company if they perform such policy-making functions for the Company. Identification of an executive officer for purposes of this Policy would include at a minimum executive officers identified pursuant to Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Effective Date means October 2, 2023. 
 Financial Performance Measure means a measure that is determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements (including, but not limited to, non-GAAP financial measures, such as those appearing in the Company s earnings releases or Management Discussion and Analysis), and any measure that is derived wholly or in part from such measure. Stock price and total shareholder return (and any measures derived wholly or in part therefrom) shall be considered Financial Performance Measures. For the avoidance of doubt, a measure need not be presented in the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the SEC to be a financial reporting measure. 
 Impracticable . The Compensation Committee determines in good faith that recovery of Recoverable Incentive Compensation is Impracticable if (i) the direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy would exceed the Recoverable Incentive Compensation and the Company has (A) made a reasonable attempt to recover such amounts and (B) provided documentation of such attempts to recover to the Company s applicable listing exchange or (ii) recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of Section 401(a)(13) or Section 411(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Incentive Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Performance Measure. Incentive Compensation does not include any base salaries (except with respect to any salary increases earned wholly or in part based on the attainment of a Financial Performance Measure performance goal) bonuses paid solely at the discretion of the Compensation Committee or Board that are not paid from a bonus pool that is determined by satisfying a Financial Performance Measure performance goal bonuses paid solely upon satisfying one or more subjective standards and or completion of a specified employment period non-equity incentive plan awards earned solely upon satisfying one or more strategic measures or 
 3 

Exhibit 97.1 

 operational measures and equity awards that vest solely based on the passage of time and or attaining one or more non-Financial Performance Measures. 
 Incentive Compensation includes, but is not limited to (i) non-equity incentive plan awards that are earned solely or in part by satisfying a Financial Reporting Measure performance goal (ii) bonuses paid from a bonus pool, where the size of the pool is determined solely or in part by satisfying a Financial Reporting Measure performance goal (iii) other cash awards based on satisfaction of a Financial Reporting Measure performance goal (iv) restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock options, stock appreciation rights, and performance share units that are granted or vest solely or in part based on satisfaction of a Financial Reporting Measure performance goal and (v) proceeds from the sale of shares acquired through an incentive plan that were granted or vested solely or in part based on satisfaction of a Financial Reporting Measure performance goal. 
 Received . Incentive Compensation is deemed Received in the Company s fiscal period during which the Financial Performance Measure specified in the Incentive Compensation award is attained, even if the payment or grant of the Incentive Compensation occurs after the end of that period. 
 Recoverable Incentive Compensation means the amount of any Incentive Compensation (calculated on a pre-tax basis) Received by a Covered Officer during the Applicable Period that is in excess of the amount that otherwise would have been Received if the calculation were based on the Restatement. For the avoidance of doubt Recoverable Incentive Compensation does not include any Incentive Compensation Received by a person (i) before such person began service in a position or capacity meeting the definition of a Covered Officer , (ii) if such person did not meet the definition of a Covered Officer at any time during the performance period for that Incentive Compensation, and (iii) during any period the Company did not have a class of its securities exchange listed on a national securities association. For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of any Restatement, Recoverable Incentive Compensation may include Incentive Compensation Received by a person while serving as an employee if such person previously served as an Executive Officer and then transitioned to an employee or director role. For Incentive Compensation based on (or derived from) stock price or total shareholder return where the amount of Recoverable Incentive Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in the applicable Restatement, the amount will be determined by the Compensation Committee based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Restatement on the stock price or total shareholder return upon which the Incentive Compensation was Received (in which case, the Company will maintain documentation of such determination of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to the Company s applicable listing exchange). 
 Restatement means an accounting restatement of any of the Company s financial statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, due to the Company s material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under U.S. securities laws, regardless of whether the Company or Covered Officer misconduct was the cause for such restatement. Restatement includes any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements (commonly referred to as Big R restatements), or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (commonly referred to as little r restatements). Changes to the Company s financial statements that do not represent error corrections are not a Restatement, including (i) retrospective application of a change in accounting principle, (ii) retrospective revision to reportable segment information due to a change in the structure of the Company s internal organization, (iii) retrospective reclassification due to a discontinued operation, (iv) retrospective application of a change in reporting entity, such as from a reorganization of entities under common control, and (v) retrospective revision for stock splits, reverse stock splits, stock dividends or other changes in capital structure. 
 4 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 snps-20231031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 snps-20231031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 snps-20231031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 snps-20231031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 snps-20231031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

