<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231016_10-K_edgar_data_1435812_0001515971-23-000135.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3422646</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>121605</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>683208</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>972867</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>629366</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>909755</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001515971-23-000135.hdr.sgml : 20231016
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231016082917
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001515971-23-000135
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231016
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231016

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Arem Pacific Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001435812
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		IRS NUMBER:				262124961
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-207099
		FILM NUMBER:		231326289

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		47 MOUNT PLEASANT ROAD
		CITY:			NUNAWADING, VICTORIA
		STATE:			C3
		ZIP:			3131
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(61) 424-158008

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		47 MOUNT PLEASANT ROAD
		CITY:			NUNAWADING, VICTORIA
		STATE:			C3
		ZIP:			3131

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AREM PACIFIC Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150923

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Diversified Mortgage Workout Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121001

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ASPEN GLOBAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080522

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001515971-23-000135.txt : 20231016

10-K
 1
 arem10k063023.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE 

 ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE 

 ACT OF 1934 

Commission File No. 

(Name of Small Business Issuer in its Charter) 

(State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

Victoria, 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

+( 
 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, including area code) 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: None 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. o Yes x 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. o Yes x 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the issuer was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 x o No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). x 
 o No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer o 
 Accelerated filer o 
 
 x 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth company 

1 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). o Yes x 

The aggregate market value of the Registrant s
common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately .54, based upon its last public quoted price 0.0113)
for its common stock on the OTC Markets Group, LLC (the OTC Markets as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second quarter under the trading symbol ARPC, and 273,460,844 
shares of the Registrant s common stock being then owned by such persons. 

As of October 5, 2023, the Registrant had 
shares of its common stock, 0.000001 par value per share, issued and outstanding. 

Our website is: www.aremzen.com. 

REFERENCES 

In this Annual Report, references to the Registrant, 
 Arem Pacific Corporation, Arem, the Company, we, our, us 
and words of similar import, refer to Arem Pacific Corporation, a Delaware corporation, which is the Registrant, and our wholly-owned
subsidiaries, Arem Pacific Corporation, an Arizona corporation Arem Pacific Arizona formed on July 11, 2007; and Sanyi
Group Pty. Ltd., an entity organized on September 28, 2005, under the Corporations Act of 2001 of Australia Sanyi Group ). 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements
by the following words: anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, 
 expect, intend, may, ongoing, plan, potential, predict, 
 project, should, will, would, or the negative of these terms or other comparable
terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of future
performance or results and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which such performance or results will
be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time the statements are made and involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different
from the information expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report. We cannot assure you that the forward-looking
statements in this Annual Report will prove to be accurate, and therefore, prospective investors are encouraged not to place undue reliance
on forward-looking statements. You should carefully read this Annual Report completely, and it should be read and considered with all
other historical reports and registration statements filed by us with the SEC. Other than as required by law, we undertake no obligation
to update or revise these forward-looking statements, even though our situation may change in the future. 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT 

Summaries of all agreements or other documents referenced
herein and attached hereto as Exhibits in Part IV, Item 15 hereof, or otherwise, do not purport to be all inclusive of the
terms, conditions and other provisions of such agreements or documents, and accordingly, all such summaries are modified in their entirety
to the referenced or attached respective agreement or document in Part IV, Item 15 hereof. 

2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1.A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 
 
 Item 1.B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 14 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 14 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 14 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 14 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 14 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 16 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 
 
 Item 7.A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 20 
 
 Item 8. 
 Consolidated financial statements and Supplementary Data 
 20 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 39 
 
 Item 9.A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 39 
 
 Item 9.B. 
 Other Information 
 40 
 
 Item 9.C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspection 
 40 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 41 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 43 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 44 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 45 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 45 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 46 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 46 

Signatures 
 
 47 

3 

PART I 

 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Corporate History and Business Development 

We were incorporated in the State of Delaware on November
8, 2007, under the name Aspen Global Corp. On June 10, 2008, we changed our name to Diversified Mortgage Workout
Corp. 

On June 30, 2012, pursuant to an Acquisition
Agreement with Sanyi Group, we acquired 100 of the equity interest in Sanyi Group from its sole owner, Mr. Xin Jin, our current
sole director, CEO and CFO, in consideration of 10,000,000 post-split (as defined below) shares of our 0.000001 par
value common stock comprised of restricted securities as defined in Rule 144 of the SEC, which were issued to Mr. Jin
on August 30, 2013. On the closing of this acquisition, we succeeded to the business operations of Sanyi Group, then
consisting of the operation of two (2) wellness centers discussed below. 

On June 19, 2013, Arem Pacific Arizona acquired voting
control of the Company (then Diversified Workout Corporation ). Subsequently, on August 8, 2013, we acquired all of the issued
and outstanding shares of Arem Pacific Arizona from its then existing shareholders; and we retired and returned to our treasury all of
the capital stock acquired in the Arem Pacific Arizona transaction, resulting in it becoming our wholly-owned subsidiary. 

We changed our name in Delaware to Arem Pacific
Corporation on July 23, 2013; and we effected a 388 to one (1) reverse stock split of our common stock on or about that date. Effective
April 15, 2016, our Form S-1 Registration Statement registering shares of our common stock for public sale by certain selling shareholders 
of the Company was declared effective by the SEC. We became delinquent in our reports required to be filed under Section 15(d) of the
Exchange Act on or about February 15, 2017, but filed a comprehensive Annual Report on Form 10-K on November 21, 2022 and have filed all
quarterly reports required since that time. 

Our current corporate structure is depicted below: 

Arem Pacific Corporation 
 (a Delaware corporation) 
 
 100 owned 

Arem Pacific Corporation 
 (an Arizona corporation) 
 
 100 owned 

Sanyi Group Pty. Ltd. 
 an Australian corporation 

For additional information about our corporate structure,
please see the caption References and the heading Corporate History and Business Development above. All of
our current principal operations are conducted through Sanyi Group in Victoria, Australia. 

Business 

Overview 

Through
Sanyi Group, we are engaged in providing wellness services that include acupressure/reflexology, massage therapy and cupping. We offer
various types of massage therapy, such as Swedish, deep tissue and hot stone oil, among others, all as discussed below. 

Principal Products or
Services and their Markets 

Since 2017, we have operated one (1) wellness center
in Victoria State, Australia. The wellness center is located Point Cook Shopping Center, Shop 109, Stockland Point Cook, Corner Murong
and 20 Main Street, Point Cook, Victoria, 3030. 

The Point Cook wellness center consists of approximately
seventy-seven (77) square meters, and its layout is depicted below: 

4 

The Point Cook location has one (1) full-time supervisor
and two (2) part-time masseurs as at June 30, 2023. The size of any future planned locations, if any, are anticipated
to range between fifty (50) to one hundred (100) square meters. 

Services Provided at our Wellness Center . 

We provide the following services at our wellness
center: 

Acupressure/Reflexology; 

Neck, shoulder, back, legs and full body massages; 

Foot massages; 

Cupping; and 

Deep tissue and hot oil massages. 

Acupressure/Reflexology is considered
acupuncture without needles. Similar to acupuncture, strategic body meridians are targeted by the practitioner using pressure from their
fingers, elbows or special devices. Acupressure also is a component of traditional Chinese medicine. Reflexology is similar to acupressure
and targets specific points on the feet and hands, which correspond to organs in the body. 

Massage Therapy involves the application
of soft tissue manipulation techniques to the body designed to reduce muscle tension and increase circulation. There are many variations
of massage therapy, including Swedish, deep tissue and hot stone oil, among others. It is believed that massage therapy was practiced
in many ancient civilizations, including China, India and Greece. 

Cupping involves the warming of
glass cups through a flammable substance, which eliminates oxygen, thus creating a vacuum. The cup is then placed over a specific
area. The lack of oxygen anchors the cup, and the suction draws the skin, which simulates blood flow to the area. This process is
considered the inverse of massage. Cupping is one of the oldest forms of Chinese medicine. 

These wellness services are provided by skilled practitioners
trained in massage therapy, acupressure and cupping. Sessions vary from fifteen (15) to ninety (90) minutes and prices vary according
to the nature of the services and length of services session. 

Our Revenue Model . 

 We generate revenues from the following methods: 

Fees for services are charged to our customers dependent
upon the treatment administered and length of time of the treatment. Computed on an hourly basis, these fees generally range from 60 
to 85 per hour. 

Revenue derived from an average customer is approximately
 60 per visit. At our locations, each masseur averages eight (8) customers/day (eight [8] hours of operation) or forty eight (48) customers/week
(six [6] working days) or 2,400 customers/year (fifty [50] weeks). An average of three (3) masseurs yields approximate sales revenue of
 400,000-450,000 annualized. Although our average has been eight (8) customers a day per each masseur, we believe that each masseur is
capable of serving up to ten (10) customers per day. 

5 

Our Masseurs . 

 Our wellness center location is staffed with between
three (3) to six (6) masseurs and one (1) supervisor. The supervisor is our most experienced masseur at the wellness center. The supervisor
oversees the day-to-day operations of the wellness center and may serve customers during personnel shortages. Our masseurs are
employees and are paid a yearly salary of approximately 53,900, depending on experience. In addition, we are required by applicable
law to pay our full and part-time employees Public Liability Insurance, which is approximately 446 yearly for each employee,
including Professional Indemnity Insurance at a cost of (0.6 of the employee s salary. From time to time, we use
independent contractors during personnel shortages, and they are paid a portion of the customer fee ranging between 45-55 of the fee. 

Marketing . 

 The marketing promotional activities for our current
market and year are similar to previous years, including year-round special promotional discounts to improve sales revenue in attracting
more potential walk-in and regular customers and to compete primarily on the basis of product quality, brand recognition, brand loyalty
and service-oriented marketing, with a competitive pricing, offering various special promotions year-round in our competitive environment. 

Our Growth Strategy . 

 Other than the potential of expanding to the overseas
market in China, if and when possible, we have no current plans to open additional wellness centers. Also, according to the Australian
Bureau of Statistics, the Consumer Price Index (the CPI in Australia increased by approximately 6 during the twelve (12)
month period ended June 30, 2023, it was almost same to last year. Prices continued to rise across a range of services, with annual price
growth for services the highest since the introduction of the GST over 20 years ago. Contributing to the prices rises are stronger wages
growth and increased costs for utilities and rents, while insurance premiums rose across house, house contents and motor vehicle insurance. 

Global massage services project that the market for
wellness services like those we provide are on the rise, and medical spas have and are expected to register increased growth in the coming
years. We believe that the Chinese market is the most promising area driven by a hectic lifestyle in urban areas. Rising demand from emerging
markets is expected to propel the demand for spa treatments in the future with increased focus on personal health. 

As outlined above, we have identified future partners
from strategic cities in China to help us exploit the Chinese market in the major cities of China, including Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Fujian,
Sichuan, Beijing, Shanghai for fiscal 2023, who would be compensated under the above referenced Company Representative Agreement that
is Exhibit 99.1 of this Annual Report, in Part IV, Item 15, if and when we are able to expand our wellness services to China, as
to which no assurance can be given. According to the National Bureau of Statistics of China, the consumer price index CPI in China rose approximately 2.4 during the twelve (12) month period ended June 30, 2023 which the
urban and rural shown growth rate approximately as 0 . These were much lower than those experienced in Australia. 

Seasonality . 

 There is no discernible seasonality in our business,
although we expect that the first calendar year quarter is typically our lowest as a percentage of total annual gross revenue. Revenue
and operating income will vary by quarter and are hard to predict from quarter to quarter. In addition, the volatility
in the local economy will impact our quarterly revenue and operating income. 

Sources and Availability of Raw Materials 

Our equipment needs are minimal, consisting of massage
benches and various office equipment and computers. We purchase our equipment from local suppliers on an as needed basis
and presently do not believe the loss of any one supplier will have an adverse effect on our business, so long as our needs are not adversely
affected by the current issues being experienced in world-wide supply chain. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, below. 

Patents, Trademarks, Licenses, Franchises,
Concessions, Royalty Agreements or Labor Contracts 

Currently, we have not entered into any written employment
agreement with any of our directors or officers, and we do any not have pension, health, annuity, insurance, stock options, profit sharing
or similar benefit plans; however, we may adopt such plans in the future. Management does not plan to hire any additional
employees at this time. 

6 

Competition 

We plan to compete primarily on the basis of product
quality, brand recognition, brand loyalty, service, marketing, advertising and price. We are subject to highly competitive conditions
in all aspects of our business operations. The competitive environment and our competitive position can be significantly influenced by
weak economic conditions, erosion of consumer confidence and the competitors introduction of low-priced wellness services, as well
as personal independent contractors who provide massage and related wellness services. 

Need for any Governmental Approval of Principal
Products or Services 

There are no licensing requirements for masseurs in
Australia. Many of our masseurs have received a Certificate IV in Massage Therapy Practice from Melbourne College of
Professional Therapists. Potential recruitment of masseurs without these qualifications will require additional training and close supervision
by our senior supervisor. The remainder of our masseurs have been trained internally by our senior supervisor. Trainees undergo
a three (3) months training program with our supervisor. In addition, we require each masseur to have a first-aid certificate, a
certificate of insurance and two (2) written character references from the staff of a college or from a member of the Australian Association
of Massage Therapists. 

Existing and Probable Government Regulation to Our Current and Intended
Business 

We are unaware of and do not anticipate having to
expend significant resources to comply with any governmental regulations. We are subject to the laws and regulations of those jurisdictions
in which we do and where we plan to conduct our wellness services operations and sell advertising, which are generally applicable to most
businesses, such as business licensing requirements, income taxes and payroll taxes. In general, the development and operation of our
business is not subject to any special regulatory and/or supervisory requirements. 

Smaller Reporting Company 

We are subject to the reporting requirements of Section
15(d) of the Exchange Act, and we are subject to the disclosure requirements of Regulation S-K of the SEC, as a smaller reporting
company. That designation will relieve us of some of the informational requirements of Regulation S-K of the SEC. 

Sarbanes/Oxley Act 

We are also subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The
Sarbanes/Oxley Act created a strong and independent accounting oversight board to oversee the conduct of auditors of public companies
and strengthens auditor independence. It also requires steps to enhance the direct responsibility of senior members of management
for financial reporting and for the quality of financial disclosures made by publicly-held companies; establishes clear statutory rules
to limit, and to expose to public view, possible conflicts of interest affecting securities analysts; creates guidelines for audit committee
members appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of public companies auditors; management assessment of our internal
controls; auditor attestation to management s conclusions about internal controls; prohibits certain insider trading during pension
fund black-out periods; requires companies and auditors to evaluate internal controls and procedures; and establishes a federal crime
of securities fraud, among other provisions. Compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes/Oxley Act could substantially increase our
legal and accounting costs. 

Exchange Act Reporting Requirements 

Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act requires all companies
with securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act to comply with the rules and regulations of the SEC regarding
proxy solicitations, as outlined in Regulation 14A. Matters submitted to our shareholders at a special or annual meeting thereof or pursuant
to a written consent do not require us to provide our shareholders with the information outlined in Schedules 14A or 14C of Regulation
14 because we file our reports with the SEC under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, resulting from the large number of shareholders we
have. However, if we register our securities under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act, we will become subject to Section 14(a). 

We are required to file annual reports on Form 10-K
and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis, primarily because we have in excess of 500 shareholders of record,
and we are required to timely disclose certain material events (e.g., changes in corporate control; acquisitions or dispositions of a
significant amount of assets other than in the ordinary course of business; and changes in resignations of engagements of auditors and
bankruptcy, among other events) in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

7 

Number of Total Employees and Number of Full-Time
Employees 

As of October 5, 2023, we had one
(1) full-time employee and four (4) part-time employees, including our sole director.
Our employees are not represented by any collective bargaining agreement, and we have never experienced a work stoppage. We believe we
have good relations with our employees. 

Subsidiaries 

For information about our subsidiaries and their formation
dates, see the caption References at the forepart of this Annual Report and the heading Corporate History and Business
Development of Part I, Item 1, above, and Exhibit 21 in Part IV, Item 15 hereof. 

Additional Information 

You may read and copy any materials that we file
with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may also find all
the reports or registration statements that we have previously filed or file in the future in the Edgar Archives of the
SEC at its Internet site at www.sec.gov . 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

The enumeration of risk factors about
us, our business operations, our management, consolidated financial statements and our common stock, among other issues that may disclose
risks of investments in our common stock is not required of smaller reporting companies like us in our annual or quarterly reports filed
with the SEC; however, we believe the following risk factors may be of value to our shareholders or potential investors in our Company.
These risk factors should be considered in light of the caption Forward-Looking Statements at the forepart of this Annual
Report. We reserve the right not to provide risk factors in our future filings, unless required to do so. We view the following as our
primary risk factors, which should not be considered to be all inclusive : 

Risks Related to Our Business 

We are a small company that owns and operates one
(1) wellness center in Victoria, Australia, that has had limited, if any, growth during the fiscal years presented in this Annual Report. 

We acquired our wellness center as part of our acquisition
of Sanyi Group, our wholly-owned subsidiary, in 2012, and with our limited growth over these periods, it is difficult to evaluate our
future prospects. During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, we had gross revenues of US 343,479, with respective net loss of US 53,666
during this fiscal years. The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications
and delays frequently encountered by a small operating company trying to expand its business enterprise and the highly competitive environment
in which we operate; our business strategy may be unsuccessful; and we may be unable to address the risks we face in a cost-effective
manner, if at all. If we are unable to successfully accomplish these tasks, our business will be harmed, and we may fail. Therefore, there
can be no assurance that the business of the Company will continue or grow in the future. 

In conducting our business, we face many risks that
may interfere with our business objectives. Some of these risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. In particular, we are subject to various risks resulting from changing economic, political, industry, business
and financial conditions. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties
not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business operations. 

You should carefully consider the following factors
and other information in this Annual Report before you decide to invest in our Company. If any of the risks referred to below occur, our
business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer. In any such case, the trading price of our shares could decline,
and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Our Auditor s Report on our
consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, which is contained in this Annual Report, has been
prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern by reason of our losses, net current liabilities and our
negative stockholders deficit, and there is no assurance that we will not continue to experience losses in our
business. As a result, we may be unable to continue as a going concern. 

8 

We incurred net losses of US 53,666 during the year
ended June 30 2023. We had net current liabilities at June 30, 2023 of US 76,323, and we had at June 30, 2023 a negative net stockholders 
deficit of US 45,092. These events or conditions indicate that a material uncertainty exist that may cast significant doubt on our ability
to continue as a going concern. 

The consolidated financial statements have
been prepared on a going concern basis in view of the Company being able to obtain continued financial support from its sole director,
CEO and CFO or its ability to obtain external financing, as to which no assurance can be given. 

 The validity of the going concern basis on which the
consolidated financial statements have been prepared depends on our ability to operate as a going concern and assumptions are premised
on future events, the outcome of which are inherently uncertain. Management s plans in regard to these matters are described in
Note 1.3 of our consolidated financial statements, though our consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

We had material weaknesses in our internal controls
in financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, and such material weaknesses could adversely affect our ability to report our results of operations
and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. 

Our management identified material weaknesses in our
internal controls and concluded that our internal control over financial reporting were not effective as of June 30, 2023. A material
weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal controls over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

The specific material weaknesses we identified in our internal control
over financial reporting for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, related to: 

lack of sufficient accounting personnel qualified in US GAAP and SEC reporting; and 

Although we have provided additional training to our
accounting personnel relating to US GAAP and SEC reporting requirements to partially address the foregoing material weaknesses, we do
not believe such weaknesses have been remediated, and we can provide no assurance that they will be remediated in a timely manner. 

Any failure to maintain effective internal controls
could adversely impact our ability to report our financial results on a timely and accurate basis. If our financial statements are not
accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our operations. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a
timely basis as required by the SEC, we could face severe consequences from those authorities. 

9 

Our industry is highly competitive with limited barriers to entry, which
could limit our ability to maintain or increase market share . 

Our industry is highly competitive with limited barriers
to entry. We provide our services in local markets and compete with companies providing similar services. The barriers to entry in this
industry are limited, which makes it easy for competitors to open new shops near our current location or any future locations. Many of
our competitors have greater marketing, financial and other resources than us that, among other things, could enable them to attempt to
maintain or increase their market share by reducing prices or utilizing other strategies. In order to be competitive, we may have to similarly
reduce our prices or modify our plan of operations, which in turn may affect our results of operations. 

We will need additional financing in order to grow
our business, and there in no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining the required resources to expand our business or that
any potential expansion will result in profitable operations. 

We do not have significant assets with which to expand
our business. To the extent we intend to expand our business in the future through the opening of additional locations, substantial additional
capital will be required. These capital expenditures are intended to be funded from third party sources, including the incurring of debt
and/or the sale of additional equity securities. In addition to requiring additional financing to fund expansion, we may require additional
financing to fund working capital and operating losses in the future should the need arise. The incurrence of debt creates additional
financial leverage, and therefore, an increase in the financial risk to our business operations. The sale of additional equity securities
will be dilutive to the interests of current shareholders. In addition, there can be no assurance that such additional financing, whether
debt or equity, will be available to us or that it will be available on commercially acceptable terms. Any inability to secure such additional
financing on appropriate terms could have a materially adverse impact on any plans for expansion, and our business, financial condition
and operating results. Factors affecting the availability and price of capital may include the following: 

the availability and cost of capital generally; 

our financial results; 

the experience and reputation of our management team; 

market interest, or lack of interest, in our business industry and our business plan; 

the trading volume of, and volatility in, the market for our common stock, assuming there is a trading market for our common stock; 

our ongoing success, or failure, in executing our business plan; 

the amount of our capital needs; and 

the amount of our debt, options, warrants and convertible securities that may be outstanding in our Company at any time and our authorized capital stock. 

Our business will be subject to compliance with
current and future government regulation that may increase the anticipated cost of any potential expansion program . 

Currently, there are no governmental regulations that
materially restrict the wellness business in Australia. We are subject to the laws of Victoria, Australia, as administered by Victoria s
Business Licensing Authority BLA as we carry out our business. We may be required to obtain additional work permits in
the event that we do not have enough local personnel for any operations in which we engage, and to negotiate with shopping malls or others
prospective lessors on lease or rental terms, recruitment and training, shop fittings and refurbishment to comply with rules and regulations
of any shopping mall or other lessors, including but not limited to operational hours, signage, promotions and cleanliness. 

There is a risk that new regulations could increase
our costs of doing business and prevent us from carrying out any expansion or franchising program we may undertake. We may also have to
sustain the cost of renovation or improvement on any outlet once every five (5) years as is customarily required by shopping malls. If
renovation costs exceed our cash reserves, we may be unable to complete any expansion program and have to abandon the related outlet(s). 

10 

Our shareholders and prospective investors 
ownership in the Company may be diluted in the future. 

In the future, we may issue additional authorized
but previously unissued equity securities, resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests of our present shareholders or potential
investors. We expect to need to issue a substantial number of shares of our common stock or other securities convertible into or exercisable
for our common stock in connection with hiring or retaining employees, future acquisitions, raising additional capital in the future to
fund our operations and other business purposes. 

Our fees are based on numerous factors outside of our control. 

Numerous factors beyond our control may affect the
marketability of our services and our fee structure. These factors include the local and regional economies, the competition, shortage
of human resources, government regulations, supply chain issues and the current inflation in many economies related to our supply chain.
The exact effect of these factors cannot be accurately predicted, but the combination of any these factors may result in our failure to
achieve an adequate return on invested capital and our business may fail, thereby resulting in the loss of any shareholders entire investment
in our Company. 

Compliance with the reporting requirements of federal
securities laws can be expensive. 

We are a public reporting company in
the United States, and accordingly, subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and other federal securities
laws, rules and regulations, including compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The costs of preparing and filing
annual and quarterly reports and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited and reviewed financial statements in reports filed
with the SEC, along with required communications with our shareholders, are substantial. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur
costs associated with continuing as a public company, including, but not limited to, legal, accounting, filing and other related costs
and expenses. Failure to comply with applicable securities laws, rules and regulations could result in private or governmental legal action
against us or our officers and directors, which could have a detrimental impact on our business and financial condition, the value of
our common stock or other equity securities we may issue and the ability of our shareholders to resell these securities. 

The Covid-19 pandemic presents ongoing risks to
our business. 

In response to the Covid-19 pandemic, governments
and other authorities around the world have implemented significant measures intended to control the spread of the virus. While many of
these restrictions have been lifted as the rates of Covid-19 infection have decreased or stabilized and as various vaccines have become
more widely available, a resurgence of Covid-19 and the impact of variants of the virus that causes Covid-19 may result in the reinstatement
of social distancing measures; business closures; lockdowns; restrictions on operations; and quarantines and travel bans. In addition,
any governmental mandates that require Covid-19 vaccination or other employee behaviors may result in employee attrition at the Company
or its suppliers or customers and may create difficulties in satisfying future employment and supply requirements. 

Rising inflation may negatively affect our operating
results. 

Since 2021, global economic conditions have deteriorated,
with significantly increased inflation and the risks of further inflation and recession in 2023 and beyond. These unfavorable economic
conditions may lead to decreased demand for our services, less disposable income of our customers and higher prices for our customers.
To the extent that we are unable to increase the prices of our services in response to increased costs resulting from inflation, our operating
margins will be compressed. 

Supply chain disruptions could adversely affect
our business. 

Supply chain dislocations resulting from global geopolitical
and public health issues such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the Covid-19 pandemic and other causes may have a material adverse impact
on our business and results of operations. Such disruptions may increase our costs of doing business, including through significant increases
in the price the products and equipment required for our business operations and the related costs of shipment. Supply chain disruptions
may also adversely affect our access to suppliers, manufacturers, customers and vendors and may impair our ability to perform wellness
services. Delays in our ability to meet our obligations as a result of supply chain issues may negatively affect our reputation, our relationships
with customers and results of operations. 

11 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

There is no active trading market for our shares
of common stock. 

Small trading volumes are generally understood to
depress market prices. As a result, you may not always be able to resell shares of our common stock publicly at the time and prices that
you feel are fair or appropriate, even if we are successful in obtaining public quotations of our common stock on a qualified quotation
medium. 

If an active market for our common stock develops,
there is a significant risk that the Company s common stock price may fluctuate dramatically in the future in response to any of
the following factors, some of which are beyond our control, including, but not limited to: 

variations in our quarterly operating results; 

announcements that our revenue or income are below analysts expectations; 

general economic slowdowns; and 

sales of large blocks of our common stock by insiders and others. 

We do not intend to pay dividends on our common
stock for the foreseeable future. 

All future revenues are anticipated to be utilized
in the furtherance of our business plan, and accordingly, it is highly unlikely that you will receive any dividends from us in the near
future, if ever. 

Our common stock is subject to the penny
stock rules of the SEC, which may make it more difficult for shareholders to sell our common stock. 

The SEC has adopted Rule 15g-9, which established
the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes relevant to us, as any equity security that has a market price of less
than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require that
a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, and the broker or dealer receive from the investor
a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. 

In order to approve a person s account for transactions
in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must obtain financial information and investment experience objectives of the person and make a
reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and that the person has sufficient knowledge
and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any
transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form
sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination, and that the broker or dealer received a signed,
written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. 

Generally, brokers may be less willing to execute
transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of
the Company s common stock if and when such shares are eligible for sale and may cause a decline in the market value of its stock. 

12 

Because of increased regulatory efforts of governmental
and quasi-governmental agencies regarding the trading of securities that are deemed to be penny stocks, the cost and expense of depositing
and inducing a broker-dealer to effect sales of these shares is very costly, which can be in excess of value of the shares sought to be
sold, and often includes requirements of legal opinions of both the selling shareholder s counsel and the broker-dealer s
counsel, both at the expense of the selling shareholder. 

Currently, broker-dealers require legal opinions of
shareholders of almost all over-the-counter stocks to deposit and sell these shares, and all of these legal opinions are required to be
paid for by the shareholder; and often, two (2) legal opinions are required, one (1) from the shareholder s legal counsel and one
(1) from the broker-dealer s legal counsel. This policy has been required of mostly all low-priced over-the-counter shares, regardless
of whether the shares have been registered with the SEC, or whether there is no legend on the stock certificate representing the shares
and always if the shares are designated as restricted securities. Larger, national broker-dealers will generally not even
trade these securities. The high cost of these types of legal opinions is often more than the value of the shares sought to be sold, and
the process can take two (2) to three (3) weeks or more. Accordingly, shareholders with limited shares of low-priced stocks will be unable
to economically sell their shares, regardless of whether an established trading market for the shares exists, and if they
could sell their shares, the required selling process will inhibit their ability to sell the shares when they desire to sell their shares. 

Our sole director and executive officer, Mr. Xin
Jin, and our former President, Mr. Thomas Tang, and Mr. Yew Nic Kien Cheon, a business consultant to the Company, own a significant percentage
of our capital stock, and they may be in a position to control decisions of the Company that our other shareholders do not consider to
be in their best interests. 

As of the date of this Annual Report, the foregoing
persons beneficially own in the aggregate approximately 26.87 of our issued and outstanding shares of common voting stock. See the caption
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in Part III, Item 12 hereof. As a result, they may have the
ability to substantially control elections to our board of directors, the outcome of issues requiring approval by our shareholders and
other corporate actions. This concentration of ownership may also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our
Company that may be favored by other shareholders; and could prevent transactions in which shareholders might otherwise recover a premium
for their shares over current market prices. This concentration of ownership and influence in management and board decision making could
also harm the price of our capital stock by, among other things, discouraging a potential acquirer from seeking to acquire shares of our
capital stock, whether by making a tender offer or attempting to obtain control of our Company. 

We have established a Series of 10,000,000
shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred Stock shares has superiority voting rights equal to 1,000 votes per share.
In the event that such votes do not total 51 of all votes, than regardless of the provisions of this Series, in any such case, the votes
cast by Series A Preferred stock shall be equal to 51 of all votes cast at any meeting of shareholders, or any issue put to the shareholders
for voting, and the Company may state that any such action was had by majority vote of all shareholders. Furthermore, the holders of Series
A Preferred Stock have the right to the majority of the directors to the Board of the Company and to further amend the Certificate of
Incorporation to ensure the furtherance of the Company and its operations as such holders determine. Management could issue one (1) share
of this Series to control the approval on these and other matters affecting the Company and its shareholders without any vote of the shareholders.
See Exhibit 4 in Part IV, Item 15, for a description of the Company s securities and this Series. 

You may experience difficulties in effecting service
of legal process, enforcing foreign judgments or bringing original actions in Australia based on United States or other foreign laws
against us, our management or any experts named in this Annual Report. 

We conduct substantially all of our operations in
Australia and substantially all of our assets are located in Australia. In addition, all of our senior executive officers reside within
Australia. As a result, it may not be possible to affect service of process within the United States or elsewhere outside Australia upon
our senior executive officers, including with respect to matters arising under U.S. federal securities laws or applicable state securities
laws. 

Australia does not have treaties with the United States
providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of court judgments, it is uncertain with regard to whether courts of Australia
would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts against us or our directors or officers pursuant to civil liability provisions of
the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States; or exercise jurisdiction over actions brought against us or
our directors or officers pursuant to the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States. 

13 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our corporate offices are located at 271 Blackburn
Road, Mount Waverley, Victoria, Australia 3149; and our telephone number is (61) 393955324. These premises are owned by Mr. Xin Jin, our
sole director CEO and CFO. We occupy the space on a month-to-month basis, rent free. The office space consists of approximately one
hundred (100) square meters. 

As of June 30, 2023, and currently, we have one (1)
Company wholly-owned and operating wellness center. Relevant information with respect to this location is as follows: 

Location 
 Size of Premises (Sq. Meters) 
 Lease Term 
 Commencement Date 
 Annual Rent 
 
 Point Cook Outlet 
 Seventy-seven (77) 
 Seven (7) years Renewable for an additional five (5) years 
 8/21/2019 
 55,996 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There are presently no pending legal proceedings to
which we or any of our property is subject, or any material proceedings to which any director, officer or affiliate of the
Company, any owner of record beneficially of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities is a party or has a material interest
adverse to us, and no such proceedings are known to us to be threatened or contemplated against us. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None; not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink
Tier of the OTC Markets under the symbol ARPC . 

For any market that may develop for our common stock,
the sale of shares of our common stock comprised of restricted securities pursuant to Rule 144 of the SEC, any other available exemption
from registration under the Securities Act or by registration under the Securities Act by members of management or others, including any
person to whom any such securities may be issued in the future, may have a substantial adverse impact on any such public market. For
general information regarding the requirements of resales of restricted securities under Rule 144, see the heading Rule 144 
of this Item below. Presently, and based upon advice of our legal counsel, we believe Rule 144 will become available for the resale of
our shares of common stock by our shareholders so long as we become and remain current in our required reporting obligations under the
Exchange Act, regardless of whether we were a former shell company. We have not been a shell company since the filing and subsequent effectiveness
of our S-1 Registration Statement on April 15, 2016. The Prospectus of our S-1 Registration Statement contained the Form 10 Information 
required by subparagraph (i) of Rule 144 for the availability of Rule 144 for former shell companies, and such subparagraph indicates
that the issuer may provide the Form 10 Information in any filing of the issuer with the Commission. The availability of
Rule 144 and Section 4(a)(1) of the Securities Act for the resale of our shares of common stock by our shareholders will be reviewed the
Company on a case by case basis at the time of the intended sale and before any sale thereof. 

14 

With 373,950,544 outstanding shares of our common
stock as of the date of the filing of this Annual Report, the sale of any number of these outstanding shares could have an adverse effect
on any market that may develop in the future for our shares of common stock. 273,460,844 
of our shares of common stock are held by non-affiliates who have held their respective shares for in excess of two (2) years, and all
of these shares could be considered to be a part of the public float of our shares; approximately 2,750,340 
of these shares are held in street name at broker-dealers or in the Depository Trust Company DTC ). 

Rule 144 

The following is a summary of the current requirements of Rule 144, excluding
issues related to companies that are or have ever been a shell company : 

Securities 
 
 Affiliate or Person Selling on Behalf of an Affiliate 

Non-Affiliate (and has not been an Affiliate During the Prior Three Months) 

Restricted Securities of Reporting Issuers 

During six-month holding period no resales
 under Rule 144 Permitted. 
 
 After six-month holding period may resell
 in accordance with all Rule 144 requirements including: 
 Current public information, 
 Volume limitations, 
 Manner of sale requirements for equity
 securities, and 
 Filing of Form 144. 

During six-month holding period no resales under Rule 144
 permitted. 
 
 After six-month holding period but before one year unlimited
 public resales under Rule 144 except that the current public information requirement still applies. 
 
 After one-year holding period unlimited public resales under
 Rule 144; need not comply with any other Rule 144 requirements. 

Restricted Securities of Non-Reporting Issuers 

During one-year holding period no resales
 under Rule 144 permitted. 
 
 After one-year holding period may resell
 in accordance with all Rule 144 requirements including: 
 Current public information, 
 Volume limitations, 
 Manner of sale requirements for equity
 securities, and 
 Filing of Form 144. 

During one-year holding period no resales under Rule 144
 permitted. 
 
 After one-year holding period unlimited public resales under
 Rule 144; need not comply with any other Rule 144 requirements. 

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated
during the fiscal years, the high and low closing bid quotations, as reported by the OTC Markets, and represents prices between broker-dealers
and does not include retail markups, markdowns or commissions, and may not represent actual transactions: 

For the Years Ended June 30, 

2023 

High 
 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 
 0.0208 
 
 0.0208 
 
 Second Quarter 
 
 0.0300 
 
 0.0113 
 
 Third Quarter 
 
 0.0225 
 
 0.0011 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 
 0.0225 
 
 0.0011 

We currently have approximately 1,540 
shareholders of record as of October 5, 2023, not including an indeterminate number of shareholders who may hold their shares in street
name at broker-dealers or in the DTC. Approximately 345 of our record shareholders own less
than 500 shares. 

15 

Dividends 

The Company
has not declared or paid any cash dividends on its common stock and does not intend to declare or pay any cash dividend in the foreseeable
future. The payment of dividends, if any, is within the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on the Company s earnings,
if any, its capital requirements and financial condition and such other factors as the Board of Directors may consider. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered
Securities 

F iscal Year Ended June 30, 2023 

None. 

F iscal Year Ended June
30, 2022 

None. 

Fiscal Year Ended June
30, 2021 

None. 

Fiscal Year Ended June
30, 2020 

17,537,000 shares of our
common stock were issued in one (1) tranche to thirty (30) persons for consulting services provided to us and valued at par value or 0.000001
per share on October 9, 2019; and an aggregate total of 21,861,309 shares of our common stock were issued in a separate tranche to approximately
two-hundred and forty-one (241) persons located in various cities in China on January 20, 2020, pursuant to our Company Representative
Agreement. These shares were also valued at par value or 0.000001 per share. 

Use of Proceeds of Registered Securities 

None; not applicable. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by us and Affiliated Purchasers 

None; not applicable. 

ITEM 6: SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

When used in this Annual Report, the words may, 
 will, expect, anticipate, continue, estimate, project, 
 intend, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27a of
the Securities Act and Section 21e of the Exchange Act regarding events, conditions, and financial trends that may affect our future plans
of operations, business strategy, operating results, and financial position. Persons reviewing this Annual Report are cautioned that
any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results
may differ materially from those included within the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Such factors are
discussed further below under Trends and Uncertainties, and also include general economic factors and conditions that may
directly or indirectly impact our financial condition or results of operations. See the caption Forward-Looking Statements 
at the forepart of this Annual Report. 

16 

Overview of Current and Planned Business Operations 

Through
Sanyi Group, we are engaged in providing wellness services that include acupressure/reflexology, massage therapy and cupping. We offer
various types of massage therapy, such as Swedish, deep tissue and hot stone oil, among others, all as discussed in Part I, Item 1. Business,
above. We primarily rely on our promotional activities and our shopping center location in attracting new customers and maintaining
our current customers. 

W e
have identified future partners from strategic cities in China to help us exploit and expand to the Chinese market for our wellness services
in the major cities of China, including Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Fujian, Sichuan, Beijing, Shanghai for fiscal 2023, though these plans are
subject to the uncertainties related to the Covid-19 pandemic and other factors, including but not limited to obtaining the required funding
for expand. 

June,
 30, 2023 
 June,
 30, 2022 

US 
 US 

Revenue 
 343,479 
 262,537 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Payroll and employee related expense 
 (104,317 
 (94,196 
 
 Amortization on right-of-use assets 
 (60,199 
 (64,884 
 
 Finance cost 
 (8,580 
 (11,378 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 (202,564 
 (110,253 
 
 Total Operating expenses 
 (375,660 
 (280,711 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (32,181 
 (18,174 
 
 Other income 
 
 60,206 
 
 Interest income 
 117 
 79 
 
 (Loss)/income from continuing operations before income tax expenses 
 (32,064 
 42,111 
 
 Income tax expense 
 (21,602 

Net (loss)/income after income tax expense for the year 
 (53,666 
 42,111 
 
 Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations 
 (1,878 
 (3,765 
 
 Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year 
 (55,544 
 38,346 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of the Fiscal Year Ended June 30,
2023, to the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2022 

Revenue 

For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, we had
 343,479 in revenue compared to 262,537 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, which is an increase of 80,942, approximately
1,350 customers from the previous year. The revenue increase is mainly due to the Australian Government Authority starting to allow
occasional people movement and the removal of border restriction. The opening of our business operation and the cessation of the
lockdown supported a higher revenue. 

Payroll and employee related expense 

For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, our
payroll and employee related expense increased by US 10,121 to US 104,317 as compared to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, of
US 94,196. As employees are employed on an hourly basis, the cessation of the lockdown led to staff having longer working hour,
approximately 450 hours compared to last year. 

17 

Amortization on right-of-use asset 

Amortization charges was US 60,199
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, of US 64,884, a decrease of US 4,685,
arising from foreign exchange translation. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, general and
administrative expense increased by US 92,311 to US 202,564, compared to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, of US 110,253. The increase
in expense resulted from high professional fees paid to lawyer, auditor and consultant amounting to US 93,850 for the compliance report. 

Net Income/( loss) 
after tax 

Even though our revenue has slowly recovered
from the pandemic, our net income still decreased by US 95,777, mainly due to the high compliance cost of US 93,850 been paid
and the subsidized arises due to Covid-19. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

At June 30, 2023, we had a net current
liabilities of US 76,323 (June 30, 2022 net current liabilities of US 17,497) and accumulated losses of US 193,286 (June 30, 2022
accumulated losses US 139,620), and of that date, the Group shown capital deficiency of US 45,092 (June 30, 2022 total equity of
US 10,452). We reported an after-tax loss of US 53,666 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 (June 30, 2022 after tax income of
US 42,111). The net tangible asset mainly due to high professional fee paid to lawyer, auditor and consultant amounting to US 93,850
for the compliance report. 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

 The consolidated financial statements of the Company
have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America and are presented in U.S.
dollars. The Company s fiscal year end is June 30. 

Use of Estimates and Assumptions 

 The preparation of consolidated financial statements
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods discussed. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Foreign Currency Translation 

 The functional currency of our foreign subsidiary
is its local currency. Assets and liabilities of the foreign subsidiary are translated into U.S. dollars at period-end exchange rates,
stockholders equity is translated at the historical rates and the consolidated statement of operations and cash flows are translated
at average exchange rates during the reporting periods. Resulting translation adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive
income, a separate component of stockholders equity. A component of accumulated other comprehensive income will be released into
income when the Company executes a partial or complete sale of an investment in a foreign subsidiary or a group of assets of a foreign
subsidiary considered a business and/or when the Company no longer holds a controlling financial interest in a foreign subsidiary or group
of assets of a foreign subsidiary considered a business. 

Transactions denominated in currencies other than
the local currency are recorded based on exchange rates at the time such transactions arise. Subsequent changes in exchange rates result
in foreign currency transaction gains and losses that are reflected in results of operations as unrealized (based on period end translation)
and realized (upon settlement of the transactions) and reported under other general expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 

Fair Value of Financial Instrument 

 The Company s financial instruments exposed
to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are held in several Australian
bank accounts and time deposit accounts. We regularly assess the level of credit risk we are exposed to and whether there are better ways
of managing credit risk. We invest our cash and cash equivalents with reputable financial institutions. The Company has not incurred any
losses related to these deposits. 

18 

Income Taxes 

 Potential benefits of income tax losses are not recognized
in the accounts until realization is more likely than not. The Company has adopted ASC 740-10-50 Accounting for Income Taxes 
as of its inception. Pursuant to the standard, the Company is required to compute tax asset benefits for initial years of operating losses
carried forward. 

Basic and Diluted Net Income (Loss) Per Share 

 The Company computes net income (loss) per share in
accordance with ASC 260-10-4-5, Earnings per Share. The standard requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings
per share (EPS) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholders
(numerator) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding (denominator) during the periods discussed. Diluted EPS gives
effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the periods discussed, including stock options, using the treasury stock
method, and convertible preferred stock, using the if-converted method. In computing diluted EPS, the average stock price for the period
is used in determining the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock options or warrants. Diluted EPS excludes
all dilutive potential common shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. 

Recent accounting Pronouncements 

 In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference
Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting and issued subsequent amendments
within ASU 2021-01 and ASU 2022-06 (collectively, including ASU 2020-04, ASC 848 in January 2021 and December 2022 respectively.
ASC 848 provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying U.S. GAAP on contract modifications and hedge accounting to contracts,
hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference
rate reform, if certain criteria are met. These optional expedients and exceptions provided in ASC 848 are effective for us from January
1, 2020 through December 31, 2024. We have elected the optional expedients for certain existing interest rate swaps that are designated
as cash flow hedges, which did not have a material impact on the financial position, results of operations and cash flows. We are evaluating
the effects, the adoption of the new standard did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business
Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers , which provides
guidance on the acquirer s accounting for acquired revenue contracts with customers in a business combination. The amendments require
an acquirer recognizes and measures contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination at the acquisition date
in accordance with ASC 606 as if it had originated the contracts. This guidance also provides certain practical expedients for acquirers
when recognizing and measuring acquired contract assets and contract liabilities from revenue contracts in a business combination. The
new guidance is required to be applied prospectively to business combinations occurring on or after the date of adoption. This guidance
is effective for us for the year ending June 30, 2024 and interim reporting periods during the year ending June 30, 2024. Early adoption
is permitted. We are evaluating the effects, the adoption of the new standard did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated
financial statements. 

In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, Fair
Value Measurement (Topic 820): Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions , which clarifies
that a contractual restriction on the sale of an equity security is not considered part of the unit of account of the equity security
and, therefore, is not considered in measuring fair value. The amendments also clarify that an entity cannot, as a separate unit of account,
recognize and measure a contractual sale restriction. This guidance also requires certain disclosures for equity securities subject to
contractual sale restrictions. The new guidance is required to be applied prospectively with any adjustments from the adoption of the
amendments recognized in earnings and disclosed on the date of adoption. This guidance is effective for us for the year ending June 30,
2025 and interim reporting periods during the year ending June 30, 2025. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the effects,
the adoption of the new standard did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In September 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-04, Liabilities Supplier
Finance Programs (Subtopic 405-50): Disclosure of Supplier Finance Program Obligations , which require a buyer in a supplier finance
program disclose qualitative and quantitative information about the supplier finance program. The amendments do not affect the recognition,
measurement, or financial statement presentation of obligations covered by supplier finance programs. The new guidance is required to
be applied retrospectively to each period in which a balance sheet is presented, except for the amendment on rollforward information,
which should be applied prospectively. This guidance is effective for us for the year ending June 30, 2024 and interim reporting periods
during the year ending June 30, 2024. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the effects, the adoption of the new standard did
not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

19 

ITEM 7A: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISK 

Item 305 of SEC Regulation S-K provides that certain
 registrants are required to categorize market risk sensitive instruments into instruments entered
into for trading purposes and instruments entered into for purposes other than trading purposes. Within both the trading and other than
trading portfolios, separate quantitative information shall be presented, to the extent material, for each market risk exposure category i.e. , interest rate risk, foreign currency exchange rate risk, commodity price risk, and other relevant market risks, such as
equity price risk). These requirements are not applicable to smaller reporting companies under subsection (e) thereof. 

ITEM 8: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Audited financial statements of the Company for the
fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 begin on the following page of this Annual Report. 

20 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm [PCAOB ID ] 

To the Shareholder and Board of Director 

 Arem Pacific Corporation 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Arem Pacific Corporation (the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group as of June 30, 2023, the
related consolidated statements of operation and other comprehensive loss, changes in stockholder s (deficit)/equity, and cash flows
for the year ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion,
the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Group as of June 30, 2023
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted in the United
States of America (U.S. GAAP). 

Material Uncertainty Related to Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming the Group will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1.3 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Group incurred net losses of US 53,666 during the year ended June 30, 2023. The Group had net current liabilities as of 30 June, 2023
of US 76,323. Besides the Group as of 30 June, 2023 its negative net stockholders deficit of US 45,092. These events or conditions
indicate that a material uncertainty exist that may cast significant doubt on the Group s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The consolidated financial statements have
been prepared on a going concern basis in view of the Group will be able to obtain continued financial support from its shareholder or
its ability to obtain external financing. 

 The validity of the going concern basis on
which the consolidated financial statements are prepared depends on the Group s ability to operate as a going concern as set forth
above. The assumptions are premised on future events, the outcome of which are inherently uncertain. Management s plans in regard
to these matters are also described in Note 1.3. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Group s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Group is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

21 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

Date: 13 October 2023 

22 

AREM PACIFIC CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

Note 
 2023 
 2022 

US 
 US 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 4 

Other assets 
 5 

Other receivables 
 6 

Total current assets 

Plant and equipment, net 
 7 

Right-of-use asset 
 8 

Total non-current asset 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders (Deficit)Equity 

Liabilities 

Accrued and other liabilities 
 9 

Borrowings 
 10 

Lease liability 
 8 

Total current liabilities 

Lease liability 
 8 

Total non-current liability 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders (deficit)/equity 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized and (2022: shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 11 

Additional paid in capital 

Other comprehensive loss 
 12 

Accumulated losses 

Total stockholders (deficit)/equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders (deficit)/equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
condensed audited consolidated financial statements. 

23 

AREM PACIFC CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Note 
 2023 
 2022 

US 
 US 
 
 Revenue 

Operating expenses 

Payroll and employee related expense 

Amortization on right-of-use asset 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

(Loss)/Income from operations 

Interest expenses 

Other income 

Interest income 

Total other (expense)/income 

(Loss)/Income from continuing operations before income tax expenses 

Income tax expense 
 13 

Net (loss)/income after income tax expense for the year 

Other comprehensive loss 

Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations 

Other comprehensive loss 

Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year 

Net (loss)/income per share 

Basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common stock outstanding 

Basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
condensed audited consolidated financial statements. 

24 

AREM PACIFIC CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY/DEFICIT 

Additional 
 Other 

Common Stock 
 Paid in 
 Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Loss 
 Losses 
 (Deficit)/Equity 
 
 Balance as of July 1, 2021 

Income for the year 

Other comprehensive loss 

Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year 

Balance as of June 30, 2022 

Loss for the year 

Other comprehensive loss 

Total comprehensive loss for the year 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
condensed audited consolidated financial statement. 

Common Stock 

 Additional Paid-in Capital 

 Other Comprehensive Loss 

 Accumulated Losses 

25 

AREM PACIFIC CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

2023 
 2022 

US 
 US 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

(Loss)/Income before tax 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Amortization on right-of-use asset 

Net changes in operating assets and liabilities 

(Increase)/Decrease in other receivables 

Decrease in accrued and other liabilities 

Cash generated from operating activities 

Income tax paid 

Principal payment of lease liability 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year 

Exchange difference on translation of foreign operations 

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year 

Supplemental cash flow information 

Interest income received 

Supplemental non-cash flows information 

Lease liability arising from obtaining right-of-use asset 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
condensed audited consolidated financial statements. 

26 

AREM PACIFIC CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS
ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 

during the year ended June 30, 2023. The Group had net current liabilities as of June 30, 2023 of US . Besides the Group as of June
30, 2023 had a negative net stockholders deficit of US . 

The Group believes that there are reasonable grounds
to support the fact that it will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and payable. In forming this opinion, the Group
has considered the following factors: 

(i) As at June 30, 2023, US of the borrowings was owed to Xin Jin, a significant
shareholder and an officer of the Company and the sole Director of the Company. 

(ii) The Company has received a Letter of Support from Xin Jin, in which he offers
to provide continuing financial support to Sanyi Group to enable it to meet its liabilities as and when they become due and payable for
a period of not less than twelve (12) months from the date of the financial statements. The loan of as of June 30, 2023, to Sanyi
Group, will not be called upon without giving at least thirteen (13) months notice. 

AREM PACIFIC CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 FOR THE YEARS
ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 

If the Group is unable to continue as a going concern,
it may be required to realize its assets and extinguish its liabilities other than in the ordinary course of business at amounts different
from those stated in the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements do not include adjustments relating
to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or to the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary
should the Group not continue as a going concern. 

years 

Office equipment 
 years 

Computers 
 years 

Motor vehicles 
 years 

Plant and equipment 
 years 

Lease improvements 
 years 

AREM PACIFIC CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 FOR THE YEARS
ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 

Derecognition 

 An item of plant and equipment is derecognized
upon disposal or when no further economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. 

AREM PACIFIC CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 FOR THE YEARS
ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 

AREM PACIFIC CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 FOR THE YEARS
ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 

1.14 Income Tax (Continued) 

Deferred income tax expense represents the change
in deferred tax asset and liability balances during the periods discussed except for the deferred tax related to items recognized in other
comprehensive income or resulting from a business combination or disposal. Changes resulting from amendments and revisions in tax laws
and tax rates are recognized when the new tax laws or rates become effective or are substantively enacted. Uncertain tax positions are
recognized in the consolidated financial statements based on management s expectations. 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when
there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities, when they related to income taxes
levied by the same taxation authority, and when the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis. 

Deferred taxes are not provided on undistributed earnings
of subsidiaries when the timing of the reversal of this temporary difference is controlled by Group and is not expected to happen in the
foreseeable future. This is applicable for the majority of Group s subsidiaries. 

AREM PACIFIC CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 FOR THE YEARS
ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 

AREM PACIFIC CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 FOR THE YEARS
ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 

Petty Cash 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Refundable from the Australian Taxation Office 

Other Receivables, Current 

AREM PACIFIC CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 

Effect of foreign currency exchange difference 

Balance as of June 30, 2022 

Effect of foreign currency exchange difference 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 

Accumulated depreciation 

Balance as of July 1, 2021 

Effect of foreign currency exchange difference 

Balance as of June 30, 2022 

Effect of foreign currency exchange difference 

Balance as of June 30, 2022 

Net carrying amount 

As of June 30, 2022 

As of June 30, 2023 

AREM PACIFIC CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 

(a) Right-of-use asset 

 Shop Lot 

Effect of foreign currency exchange difference 

At 30 June 2022 

Effect of foreign currency exchange difference 

At 30 June 2023 

Accumulated Amortization 

At 1 July 2021 

Amortization 

At 30 June 2022 

Amortization 

At 30 June 2023 

Net carrying amount 

As of 30 June 2022 

As of 30 June 2023 

(b) Lease liability 

Non-Current 

Lease liability 

Operating Lease Liability 

AREM PACIFIC CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 

Other payables 

Accrued and Other Liabilities 

Repayment 

Forex exchange 

Balance as of 30 June 

The loan balance above is an unsecured loan from Xin
Jin, a significant shareholder and an officer of the Company and its sole Director. The loan is non-trade in nature, non-interest bearing
and repayable on demand. 

shares of common stock were issued
at per share, on April 26, 2019. In year 2020. The company had issued shares of common stock in tranches, valued
at per share. 

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends
as and when declared by the Group. All ordinary shares carry one vote per share without restrictions. The ordinary shares have no par
value. 

AREM PACIFIC CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 

- US 

Total 

2023 
 2022 

US 
 US 
 
 (b) The following is a reconciliation of the Company s total income tax
expense to the (loss)/income before income taxes for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively: 

(Loss)/income before income tax provision 

Income tax computed at statutory tax rate 

Recoupment of prior year tax losses at previously brought to account: 

Change in valuation allowance 

Under provision of income tax in prior year 

Consolidated income tax expense 

2023 
 2022 

US 
 US 
 
 (c) Deferred tax asset do not recognized as follows: 

Operating loss carryforward 

Less:
 valuation allowance 

Deferred
 tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets are recognized in the consolidated
financial statements only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the Company can
utilize the benefits. The use of these tax losses is subject to the agreement of the tax authorities and compliance with certain provisions
of the tax legislation of the respective countries in which the group companies operate. 

AREM PACIFIC CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 

The loan balance above is an unsecured
loan from Xin Jin, a significant shareholder and an officer of the Company and the Director of its wholly owned subsidiary Sanyi Group. 

38 

ITEM 9: CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures as
defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act that are designed to ensure that material information relating to us is
made known to the officers who certify our financial reports and to other members of senior management and the Board of Directors. These
disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports that are filed or submitted
under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness, as of June 30, 2023, of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of June
30, 2023. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal controls over financial reporting includes those policies
and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records, which in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and disposition of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being
made in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the issuer; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our
consolidated financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

As required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 and related rules as promulgated by the SEC, our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over the
financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, using criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on this assessment, our management concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of June 30, 2023 due to the following material weaknesses: 

lack of sufficient accounting personnel qualified in US GAAP and SEC reporting;
and 

insufficient accounting staff, which results in a failure to segregate duties
sufficiently to ensure a timely and proper preparation and review of the financial statements. 

39 

We plan to take steps to remediate the material
weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as soon as practicable by: 

hiring additional internal staff familiar with US GAAP and SEC reporting.
In the past couple of years, we have made offers to hire accounting personnel familiar with US GAAP and SEC reporting experience but has
as of yet been unable to hire a suitable candidate. We now plan to hire a professional recruitment agency to assist us in the identification
and selection of appropriate candidates. 

Enhance staff awareness of laws and regulations by conducting more trainings. 

hiring sufficient staff to adequately segregate responsibilities and insure
timely preparation of financial statements; and providing training to our accounting personnel on US GAAP, SEC reporting and other regulatory
requirements regarding the preparation of financial statements. Our financial personnel attended US GAAP and SEC reporting training sessions
organized by an international accounting firm. We plan to hold similar US GAAP and SEC reporting training on a regular basis. 

Although we increased the training provided to accounting
personnel relating to US GAAP and SEC reporting to partially address the foregoing material weaknesses, we do not believe such weaknesses
have been remediated and we can provide no assurance that they will be remediated in a timely manner. 

We believe that we are taking the steps necessary
for remediation of the material weaknesses identified above, and we will continue to monitor the effectiveness of these steps and to make
any changes that our management deems appropriate. 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report
is not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to satisfy these requirements
by providing the management s report only. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

With the exception of commencing the process of implementing
the foregoing steps to resolve the weaknesses in our internal controls, there have been no changes in internal control over financial
reporting during the last fiscal quarter of our fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. 

Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 

Our management does not expect that our disclosure
controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control
system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s
objectives will be met. Further, the design of the control system must reflect that there are resource constraints and that the benefits
must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can
provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. These inherent
limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error
or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management
override of controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future
events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections
of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 

ITEM 9B: OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C: DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS 

None, not applicable. 

40 

PART III 

ITEM 10: DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Identification of Directors and Executive Officers 

Our executive officers and directors and their respective
ages, positions and biographical information are set forth below. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position and Offices Held 
 Dates in Position or Office 
 
 Xin Jin 
 45 
 President and Director 
 December 2020 - Present 

Chief Financial Officer 
 January 2022 - Present 

Vice President 
 June 2013 - February 2017 

President and Director - Arem Arizona 
 July 2010 - Present 
 
 Jianji Jin 
 40 
 Sole Director - Sanyi Group 
 September 2013 - Present 

Background and Business Experience 

Xin Jin is 45 years of age and founded Sanyi
Group in 2012, as a therapeutic health center that uses traditional Chinese massage and alternative approaches to personal wellbeing,
including reflexology, acupuncture and cupping, all aimed at easing a client s muscular tension, to stimulate organ function and
restore and promote a healthy body. Mr Xin serves as the President and Managing Director of Sanyi Group, which was acquired by us on June
30, 2012. 

Mr Xin graduated from Shandong University, China,
in 2001 with a Bachelor of Commerce, where he majored in Accounting. He then attended Deakin University, Australia, and graduated with
a Master s Degree in Professional Accounting in 2004. 

On April 20, 2021, we increased the size of our Board
of Directors to three members and elected and designated ZhiYu Qian and GuoYan Zhao to serve on the Board of Directors until the next
annual meeting of the stockholders or until their respective successors shall be elected and qualify. Each resigned as a member of the
Board of Directors of the Company in February, 2022. 

Jianji Jin is 40 years of age and has been
the sole director of Sanyi Group since September of 2013, managing and supervising its entire business operations. In this capacity,
he is responsible for overseeing all employees, the engagement of employees and independent personnel, compliance with applicable laws,
advertising and promotions and customer relations and all other aspects of Sanyi Group s business. Mr. Jin graduated
from Dalian Medical University in China with a Medicine Degree in 2005. He holds a Diploma in Remedial Massage in Melbourne College of
Professional Therapists earned in Australia in 2014; and a Certificate IV of Property Sales from the Holmesglen Institute of TAFE Technical
and Further Education ), also earned in Australia, in 2010. He speaks Chinese and English. 

Significant Employees 

There are no employees who are not executive officers
who are expected to make a significant contribution to our Company s business. 

Family Relationships 

Jianji Jin is a cousin of Xin Jin, our President, CFO and sole director. 

Involvement in Other Public Companies 

None of our officers or directors are an affiliate of any
other publicly held companies. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During the past ten (10) years, none of our present
or former directors, executive officers or persons nominated to become directors or executive officers: 

41 

(1) A petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or
any state insolvency law was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was appointed by a court for the business
or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within two (2) years before the time of such filing,
or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer at or within two (2) years before the time of such filing; 

(2) Such person was convicted in a criminal proceeding
or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

(3) Such person was the subject of any order, judgment,
or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining
him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 

(i) Acting as a futures commission merchant,
introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person
regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter,
broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association
or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity; 

(ii) Engaging in any type of
business practice; or 

(iii) Engaging in any activity in connection
with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or State securities laws or Federal
commodities laws; 

(4) Such person was the subject of any order, judgment
or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting
for more than sixty (60) days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in paragraph (f)(3)(i) of this section, or
to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

(5) Such person was found by a court of competent
jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil
action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

(6) Such person was found by a court of competent
jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment
in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 

(7) Such person was the subject of, or a party to,
any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated,
relating to an alleged violation of: 

(i) Any Federal or State securities or commodities
law or regulation; or 

(ii) Any law or regulation respecting
financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement
or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or 

(iii) Any law or regulation
prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

(8) Such person was the subject of, or a party to,
any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26)
of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C.
1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons
associated with a member. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

The common stock of the Company is not registered
under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and therefore, the officers, directors and holders of more than 10 of our outstanding shares
are not subject to the provisions of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, which would require them to file with the SEC initial reports
of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and our other equity securities. 

42 

Code of Conduct 

We have adopted a Code of Conduct for our principal
executive and financial officers. See Exhibit 14 in Part IV, Item 15. 

Corporate Governance 

Nominating Committee 

We have not established a Nominating Committee because
we believed that we were able to effectively manage the issues normally considered by a Nominating Committee and currently believe we
can do so without a Nominating Committee. 

If we do establish a Nominating Committee, we will
disclose our procedures in recommending nominees by our Board of Directors. 

Audit Committee 

We have not established an Audit Committee for the
same reasons why we have not established a Nominating Committee, and a further review of this issue will no doubt be necessitated and
undertaken by our management in the future. 

ITEM 11: EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following table sets forth the aggregate compensation
paid by us for services rendered during the periods indicated: 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 

Salary 
 ) 

Bonus 
 ) 

Stock
 Awards 
 ) 
 
 Option
 Awards 
 ) 
 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Com-
 pensation( 
 Nonqualified
 Deferred Compensation 
 ) 
 All Other Compensation( 
 Total 
 ) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) 
 (g) 
 (h) 
 (i) 
 (j) 
 
 Xin Jin 
 2023 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 President 

and 

Director 

Jianji Jin 
 2023 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Director 

Sanyi 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

At June 30, 2023, we have no outstanding equity awards. 

Compensation of Directors 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 

Transactions with Related Persons 

During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, there
were no related party transactions other than disclosed in Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements. 

43 

Promoters and Certain Control Persons 

There were no material transactions, or series of
similar transactions, during our Company s last five (5) fiscal years, or any currently proposed transactions, or series of similar
transactions, to which we or any of our subsidiaries was or is to be a party and in which any promoter or founder of ours or any member
of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons, had an interest. 

Parents of the Smaller Reporting Company 

See the heading References at the forepart of this Annual
Report. The Company has no parents. 

ITEM 12: SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 

The following table sets forth, as of October 5, 2023,
the names, addresses and number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by all persons known to the management of the Company to
be beneficial owners of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of common stock, and the names and number of shares beneficially owned
by all directors of the Company and all executive officers and directors of the Company as a group (except as indicated, each beneficial
owner listed exercises sole voting power and sole dispositive power over the shares beneficially owned). 

For purposes of this table, information as to the
beneficial ownership of shares of common stock is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes general voting power
and/or investment power with respect to securities. Except as otherwise indicated, all shares of our common stock are beneficially owned,
and sole investment and voting power is held by the person named. For purposes of this table, a person or group of persons is deemed
to have beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock, which such person has the right to acquire within sixty (60)
days after the date hereof. The inclusion herein of such shares listed beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial
ownership. 

All percentages are calculated based upon a total
number of 373,950,544 shares of common stock outstanding as of October 5, 2023, plus, in the case of the individual or entity for which
the calculation is made, that number of options or warrants owned by such individual or entity that are currently exercisable or exercisable
within sixty (60) days. 

Security Ownership of Beneficial Owners 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Title of Class 
 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 
 Percent of Class 

Zhuo Fan Tang 
 
 Common 
 
 60,579,700 
 
 16.2 

Yew Nic Kien Cheong 
 
 Common 
 
 20,000,000 
 
 5.4 

Xin Jin 
 
 Common 
 
 19,910,000 
 
 5.3 

Security Ownership of Officers and Directors 

Name and Address of Officer or Director 
 
 Title of Class 
 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 
 Percent of Class 

Xin Jin 
 
 Common 
 
 19,910,000 
 
 5.3 

All Officers and Directors as a Group 
 
 Common 
 
 19,910,000 
 
 5.3 

The
Company s principal executive office address on the cover page. 

Changes in Control 

There are no current or planned transactions that would or are expected
to result in a change of control of our Company. 

44 

ITEM 13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND
RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Transactions with Related Persons 

During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, there
were no related party transactions other than disclosed in Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements. 

Promoters and Certain Control Persons 

There were no material transactions, or series of
similar transactions, during our Company s last five fiscal years, or any currently proposed transactions, or series of similar
transactions, to which we or any of our subsidiaries was or is to be a party and in which any promoter or founder of ours or any member
of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons, had an interest. 

Parents of the Smaller Reporting Company 

See the heading References at the forepart of this Annual
Report. 

Director Independence 

Our Board of Directors is currently composed of one
(1) member, who does not qualify as an independent director in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global
Market (the Company has no plans to list on the NASDAQ Global Market). The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective
tests, such as that the directors are not, and have not been for at least three (3) years, one (1) of our employees and that neither the
director, nor any of their family members have engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, our board of directors
has not made a subjective determination as to our director that no relationship exists which, in the opinion of our board of directors,
would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination
is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our board of directors made these determinations, our board of directors would have reviewed and
discussed information provided by our director and us with regard to our director s business and personal activities and relationships
as they may relate to us and our management. 

ITEM 14: PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The following is a summary of the fees billed to us
by our principal accountants, Audit Alliance LLP during the fiscal year ended below: 

Fee Category 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Audit Fees 
 US 17,500 
 US 78,000 
 
 Other Fees 

Total Fees 
 US 17,500 
 US 78,000 

Audit Fees - Consists of fees for professional
services rendered by our principal accountants for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements for our 10-K Annual Reports
and review of the consolidated financial statements included in our 10-Q Quarterly Reports or services that are normally provided by our
principal accountants in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Other Fees - Consists of fees for products
and services provided by our principal accountants, other than the services reported under Audit Fees above. 

Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit
and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors 

We have not adopted an Audit Committee; therefore,
there is no Audit Committee policy in this regard. However, we do require approval in advance of the performance of professional services
to be provided to us by our principal accountant. Additionally, all services rendered by our principal accountant are performed pursuant
to a written engagement letter between us and the principal accountant. 

45 

PART IV 

ITEM 15: EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1)(2) 

 Financial Statements. See the audited consolidated
financial statements of the Company contained in Part II, Item 8 above, of this Annual Report, which are incorporated herein by this reference. 

(a)(3) 

 Exhibits. The following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual
Report: 

(a) Exhibits. 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 Filing 
 
 3(i) 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 21, 2022. 
 
 3(ii) 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 21, 2022. 
 
 4 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 21, 2022. 
 
 14 
 
 Code of Conduct 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 21, 2022. 
 
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 32 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 99.1 
 
 Form of Company Representative Agreement 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 21, 2022. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

46 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

Arem Pacific Corporation 

Date: 
 October 13, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Xin Jin 

Xin Jin 

President, Chief Financial Officer and Sole Director 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

Date: 
 October 13, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Xin Jin 

Xin Jin 

President, Chief Financial Officer and Sole Director 

47 

<EX-21>
 2
 exhibit21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 21 

Exhibit 21 

Arem Pacific Corporation, an Arizona corporation Arem
Pacific Arizona ), formed on July 11, 2007; 

Sanyi Group Pty. Ltd., an entity organized on September
28, 2005, under the Corporations Act of 2001 of Australia Sanyi Group 

</EX-21>

<EX-31>
 3
 exhibit311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 REQUIRED BY RULE 13A-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 AS AMENDED, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Xin Jin, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AREM Pacific
Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of
the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant
and have: 

a) designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) disclosed
in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions); 

a) all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 October 13, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Xin Jin 

Xin Jin 

President 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 4
 exhibit312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 REQUIRED BY RULE 13A-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 AS AMENDED, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Xin Jin, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AREM Pacific
Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of
the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant
and have: 

a) designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) disclosed
in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions); 

a) all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 October 13, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Xin Jin 

Xin Jin 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 exhibit32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32 

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION OF 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of AREM Pacific
Corporation (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), I, Xin Jin, President and Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Annual Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: 
 October 13, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Xin Jin 

Xin Jin 

President 

Date: 
 October 13, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Xin Jin 

Xin Jin 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 arpc-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 arpc-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 arpc-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 arpc-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

