<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231016_10-K_edgar_data_1005731_0001493152-23-037384.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16379524</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>412825</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2417216</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6489184</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2948837</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3577642</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-037384.hdr.sgml : 20231016
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231016170331
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-037384
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		142
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231016
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231016

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IDT CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001005731
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS (NO RADIO TELEPHONE) [4813]
		IRS NUMBER:				223415036
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16371
		FILM NUMBER:		231327877

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		520 BROAD ST
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		973 438 1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		520 BROAD STREET
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-037384.txt : 20231016

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

Annual report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended , . 

or 

Transition report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934. 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 
(Address of principal executive offices, zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
of each exchange on 
which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated
filer 
 Smaller
 reporting company 
 
 Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the adjusted closing price
on January 31, 2023 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) of the Class B common
stock of 29.39 per share, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange, was approximately million. 

As
of October 11, 2023, the registrant had outstanding shares of Class B common stock and shares of Class A common
stock. Excluded from these numbers are 4,277,772 shares of Class B common stock and 1,698,000 shares of Class A common stock held in
treasury by IDT Corporation. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Index 

IDT
Corporation 

Annual
Report on Form 10-K 

Part I 
 
 1 

Item 1. 
 
 Business. 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors. 
 19 
 
 Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 41 
 
 Item 2. 
 
 Properties. 
 41 
 
 Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 41 
 
 Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 41 

Part II 
 
 42 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 42 
 
 Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 44 
 
 Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 44 
 
 Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks. 
 58 
 
 Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 59 
 
 Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 59 
 
 Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 59 
 
 Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information. 
 60 
 
 Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 60 

Part III 
 
 61 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 61 
 
 Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation. 
 61 
 
 Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 61 
 
 Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 61 
 
 Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 61 

Part IV 
 
 62 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 62 
 
 Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 63 

Signatures 
 64 

i 

Part
I 

As
used in this Annual Report, unless the context otherwise requires, the terms the Company, IDT, we, 
 us, and our refer to IDT Corporation, a Delaware corporation, its predecessor, International Discount Telecommunications,
Corp., a New York corporation, and its subsidiaries, collectively. Each reference to a fiscal year in this Annual Report refers to the
fiscal year ending in the calendar year indicated (for example, fiscal 2023 refers to the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023). 

Item
1. Business. 

OVERVIEW 

IDT
is a provider of point-of-sale terminal-based solutions, international money remittance and other financial technology, or fintech businesses,
cloud communications and traditional communications services. Our businesses leverage common strategic assets to serve differentiated
markets with innovative offerings. 

Our
consumer businesses make it easier for families to connect, support and share across international borders. We also enable businesses
to transact and communicate with their customers with enhanced intelligence and insight. 

IDT s
key businesses are: 

National
 Retail Solutions (NRS ): Operates the leading point-of-sale, or POS, terminal-based platform for convenience stores, bodegas,
 and other independent retailers in the United States. NRS purpose-built integrated hardware and software solution enables
 these stores to operate and process transactions more effectively. Through its NRS PAY offerings, NRS allows these retailers to accept
 and process credit, debit, and electronic benefit transfer payments. Leveraging the POS platform, including its customer-facing screens
 and transaction analytics, NRS also provides advertisers and marketers with unprecedented reach into the U.S. s predominantly
 urban, immigrant-centric consumer markets; 

BOSS
 Money: Provides international money remittance services marketed to immigrant communities across the United States and Canada.
 BOSS Money makes it easy and convenient for retail customers to send money to friends and family in 47 countries in Latin America
 and the Caribbean, Africa, Europe and Asia. BOSS Money transfers are initiated both digitally, through the popular BOSS Money and
 BOSS Revolution Calling apps and BOSS Money website, and through licensed BOSS Money retail agents who can accept cash payments; 

net2phone:
 Provides businesses in North America, Latin America, the Caribbean and Spain with cloud communications offerings marketed under
 its UNITE brand and contact center offerings under its uContact brand, as well as other, smaller offerings to enable intelligent
 business communications; 

IDT
 Digital Payments: Provides a wide range of prepaid digital products including mobile airtime top-up, mobile data bundles, digital
 gift cards and other offerings directly to consumers through BOSS retail and digital channels. (Mobile top-up enables customers
 to transfer airtime and bundles of airtime, messaging, and data to international and domestic mobile accounts.) IDT Digital Payments
 also serves the enterprise space via Zendit, its prepaid-as-a-service platform. Zendit enables businesses, entrepreneurs, and developers
 to offer prepaid digital offerings globally including mobile airtime top-up, mobile data bundles, digital gift cards, and prepaid
 utility payments; 

BOSS
 Revolution Calling : Provides international long-distance voice service marketed primarily to immigrant communities in the United
 States and Canada. BOSS Revolution Calling is provisioned through the popular BOSS Revolution Calling app and calling cards 
 sold by a robust network of over 30,000 BOSS Revolution retail agents; and 

IDT
 Global : Provides wholesale international voice termination, virtual numbers, and SMS termination solutions to telecoms worldwide.
 Through its IDT Express self-provisioning portal, IDT Global also serves small and medium businesses. 

IDT
also operates other, small businesses and offerings including early-stage business initiatives and mature businesses in harvest mode. 

1 

SEGMENT
REPORTING 

We
have four reportable business segments: (1) National Retail Solutions, or NRS; (2) Fintech; (3) net2phone; and (4) Traditional Communications. 

As
of August 1, 2022, our National Retail Solutions business was reclassified to the NRS segment from the Fintech segment. In addition,
certain lines of business were reclassified to the Fintech segment from the Traditional Communications segment. Comparative segment information
has been reclassified and restated in all periods to conform to the current period presentation. 

The
NRS segment, which contributed revenue of 77.1 million in fiscal 2023 and 51.3 million in fiscal 2022 (6.2 and 3.8 of our total revenues,
respectively) comprises our NRS business. 

The
Fintech segment, which contributed revenue of 86.6 million in fiscal 2023 and 64.6 million in fiscal 2022 (7.0 and 4.7 of our total
revenues, respectively), comprises our BOSS Money remittance business and other, significantly smaller, financial services businesses,
offerings and technologically innovative initiatives. 

The
net2phone segment, which contributed revenue of 72.4 million in fiscal 2023 and 58.2 million in fiscal 2022 (5.8 and 4.3 of our total
revenues, respectively), comprises unified communications as a service, or UCaaS, offered under net2phone s Unite Brand, contact
center as a service, or CCaaS, offered under its uContact brand, and other offerings that leverage the cloud to enable intelligent business
communications. 

The
Traditional Communications segment, which contributed revenue of 1,002.7 million in fiscal 2023 and 1,190.0 million in fiscal 2022
(81.0 and 87.2 of our total revenues, respectively) includes IDT Digital Payments, BOSS Revolution Calling, and IDT Global, as well
as other small businesses and offerings including early-stage business initiatives and mature businesses in harvest mode. 

Financial
information by segment is presented in Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 to Part II of this Annual Report. 

Our
headquarters is located at 520 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey 07102. The main telephone number at our headquarters is (973) 438-1000
and our corporate website s home page is www.idt.net. 

We
make available free of charge our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments
to these reports, and all beneficial ownership reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by directors, officers and beneficial owners of more
than 10 of our equity through the investor relations page of our website (http://ir.idt.net/) as soon as reasonably practicable after
such material is electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our website also contains information not incorporated
into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

KEY
EVENTS IN OUR HISTORY 

1990
 Howard S. Jonas, our founder, launches International Discount Telephone to provide international call re-origination services. 

1995
 We begin selling wholesale services to other long-distance carriers by leveraging our access to favorable international telephone
rates generated by our retail calling traffic. 

1996
 We successfully complete an initial public offering of our common stock. 

2000
 We complete the sale of a stake in our net2phone subsidiary, a pioneer in the development and commercialization of Voice over
Internet Protocol, or VoIP, technologies and services, to AT T for approximately 1.1 billion in cash. We subsequently repurchased
net2phone from AT T. 

2001
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE. 

2006
 We sell our Russian telecom business, Corbina, for 129.9 million in cash. 

2007
 We complete the sale of IDT Entertainment to Liberty Media for 220.0 million in cash, stock and other considerations. 

2008
 We launch BOSS Revolution PIN-less, a pay-as-you-go international calling service. BOSS Revolution has since become our flagship
brand, and the BOSS Revolution platform has expanded to include payment offerings. 

2 

2009
 We spin-off our CTM Media Holdings subsidiary to our stockholders. CTM Media Holdings has been renamed IDW Media Holdings, Inc.
and its stock is traded on the NYSE American with the ticker symbol IDW . 

2011
 We spin-off our Genie Energy Ltd. Subsidiary, which provides electricity and natural gas and related services to residential
and business customers in the United States and overseas. Genie Energy s common stock is listed on the NYSE with the ticker symbol
 GNE . 

2013
 We spin-off our subsidiary, Straight Path Communications, Inc., or Straight Path, including its wireless spectrum holdings, to
our stockholders. Straight Path was purchased in February 2018 by Verizon Communications Inc. 

We
 introduce our BOSS Revolution Calling app for Android and iOS. 

We
 launch our BOSS Money international remittance service. 

2014
 We sell our stake in Fabrix Systems, a pioneer in cloud storage and network delivery technologies, to Ericsson for 69 million. 

2015
 net2phone launches its UCaaS offering in the United States. 

2016
 We spin-off our majority interest in our Zedge subsidiary to our stockholders. Zedge provides a content platform for mobile device
personalization including ringtones, wallpapers, home screen icons and notification sounds. Zedge s stock is listed on the NYSE
American with the ticker symbol ZDGE . 

We
 launch NRS to provide POS-based services to independent retailers in the United States. 

net2phone
 initiates global expansion of its UCaaS offering with a launch in Brazil. 

2017
 We introduce our BOSS Money app for Android and iOS. 

2018
 We spin-off our interest in our Rafael Holdings, Inc. subsidiary to our stockholders. Rafael Holdings stock is listed
on the NYSE with the ticker symbol RFL . 

2019
 NRS launches NRS PAY, enabling retailers to accept credit cards and other forms of digital payment with an affordable, easily
understood rate structure and no hidden fees. 

2020
 net2phone introduces its Huddle video conferencing solution and integration with Microsoft Teams. 

We
 acquire a majority stake in Sochitel UK Ltd., or Sochitel, a global hub and digital distribution
 platform for mobile top-up, electronic vouchers, and other value transfer services. 

2021
 net2phone launches integrations with Salesforce and Zapier among others, and HIPAA-compatible solutions for healthcare providers. 

BOSS
 Money is integrated into the BOSS Revolution Calling app. 

2022
 net2phone acquires Integra CCS, or Integra, a CCaaS provider operating in the Americas and Europe. 

We
 acquire Leaf Global Fintech Corporation, or Leaf, an award-winning provider of digital wallet
 services in emerging markets serving unbanked customers in Rwanda, Uganda, and Kenya. 

NRS
 launches its eWIC service, enabling NRS retailers to accept electronic benefits vouchers
 from the beneficiaries of the popular Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and
 Children, or WIC. 

2023
 NRS expands its POS network to Canada, enrolling its first retailers in the Toronto area. 

-
IDT Digital Payments launches Zendit, a global prepaid-as-a-service platform. 

OUR
STRATEGY 

Since
our inception more than 30 years ago, we have generated strong returns for our stockholders by incubating high-growth businesses with
investment capital provided by our more mature, cash-generating businesses. As these growth businesses scaled, we have monetized many
of them through sales or spin-offs to our stockholders. 

3 

To
date, we have spun off five publicly traded companies, one of which was subsequently sold: 

IDW
 Media Holdings, Inc. (OTC: IDW), a publishing and entertainment company (2009); 

Genie
 Energy, Ltd. (NYSE: GNE), a retail energy provider in the United States and Europe and developer of solar energy projects (2011); 

Straight
 Path Communications, Inc. a holder of certain spectrum licenses that was purchased by Verizon in 2018 (2013); 

Zedge,
 Inc. (NYSE American: ZDGE), an app developer focused on mobile phone personalization and entertainment (2016); and 

Rafael
 Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: RFL), a pharmaceutical company pursuing novel cancer therapies (2018). 

Today,
we operate a portfolio of inter-related businesses that we ve built by leveraging our strategic assets. These assets include: 

Our
 key brands including NRS, net2phone, BOSS Revolution, BOSS Money and IDT Global; 

Our
 nationwide network of more than 30,000 retailers including over 20,000 who utilize our digital retailer platform; 

Our
 customer base of more than eight million users, primarily in immigrant communities within the United States; 

Our
 technology, global infrastructure and high-capacity transaction platforms; 

Extensive
 VoIP and cloud services expertise; and 

Our
 staff of more than 2,300 dedicated personnel working in over 20 countries on four continents including in-house technology and product
 development teams. 

The
development of our high-margin, high-growth businesses NRS, net2phone, and BOSS Money has been, and in some
cases continues to be, financed with growth capital from the cash flows generated by the more mature businesses within our Traditional
Communications segment. Consequently, we have avoided debt financing and dilutive capital raises. 

The
key businesses in our Traditional Communications segment are: 

IDT
 Digital Payments; 

BOSS
 Revolution Calling; and 

IDT
 Global. 

These
offerings participate wholly or partially in the paid-minute voice communications market. Like other operators in this market, these
businesses, and particularly our BOSS Revolution Calling and IDT Global businesses, are subject to intense revenue and margin pressure
as consumers continue to migrate to free over-the-top voice and messaging services and to flat-rate international long-distance plans.
We have worked to counter the impacts of these trends by continually innovating and deploying new features and enhancements to augment
the contributions of these offerings while reducing their associated overhead and operating expenditures. For instance, BOSS Revolution
Calling and IDT Digital Payments benefited from a gradual rotation to digital channels with higher per-unit margins following the introduction
of our BOSS Revolution Calling and BOSS Money apps. To date, these efforts have significantly offset the bottom-line impacts of the paid-minute
voice market s decline. Nevertheless, we expect that the cash-flows generated by the BOSS Revolution Calling and IDT Global businesses
will decline appreciably in the coming years as the overall paid communications market continues its decline. 

The
increasing revenue and gross margin contributions from our high-margin growth businesses in combination with our efforts to maximize
the cash generation of our lower margin, more mature offerings have enabled us to improve our consolidated bottom-line performance in
recent years and to return value to stockholders through purchases of our Class B common stock. 

BUSINESS
DESCRIPTION 

National
Retail Solutions 

NRS
generated 77.1 million in revenues and income from operations of 14.4 million in fiscal 2023, as compared with revenues of 51.3 million
and income from operations of 11.2 million in fiscal 2022. 

NRS
operates a network of POS terminals at independent retailers including convenience stores, bodegas, and other independent retailers throughout
the United States. The NRS solution includes integrated hardware and software tools that enable these retailers to operate more efficiently
and compete more effectively against larger retail chains. 

4 

The
POS terminal s hardware includes a cash register, barcode scanner, retailer and customer-facing hi-definition screens, a receipt
printer, and a credit card reader. NRS integrated, proprietary software is offered to retailers as a service and provides operational
tools including inventory management, sales tracking, price book management, and other useful features. NRS technology teams in the United
States and Israel continuously enhance the software and develop new features to better serve existing customers and facilitate expansion
into additional retail market segments. 

The
primary market for NRS POS terminals is the more than 200,000 independently owned convenience, liquor, grocery, and tobacco stores
in the United States, many of which primarily serve foreign-born communities in urban areas. 

NRS
continues to increase the number of POS terminals active in its network. As of July 31, 2023, the NRS POS network included approximately
25,700 terminals, an increase from 19,400 a year earlier. NRS POS terminal sales and marketing efforts are targeted, in part,
to our nationwide network of BOSS Revolution retailers. NRS also markets and sells to retailers through direct sales and strategic relationships
with more than 100 wholesale distributors including some of the largest cash-and-carry wholesalers in the United States. 

NRS
generates revenue from a portfolio of services for both retailers and third parties. The vast majority of revenue is generated by recurring
services including: 

Display
 Advertising . NRS terminals feature 15 high-definition customer-facing screens designed to engage customers during check-out.
 The screens enable consumer package-good sellers and other brand marketers, government agencies and non-profits to reach our retailers 
 customers through static and video advertisements including video advertisements accompanying third-party provisioned content. NRS 
 advertising offerings participate in the digital out-of-home, or DOOH, advertising market, which is among the fastest growing advertising
 market segments. 

Merchant
 Services. The substantial majority of merchant services revenue is generated by NRS PAY, which enables retailers to accept and
 process payments made by credit cards, debit cards, and electronic benefits transfer. NRS PAY s pricing model does not require
 a contract. NRS provides the NRS PAY equipment for free, and NRS does not charge hidden fees. NRS PAY offers several alternative
 credit card processing plans. At July 31, 2023, NRS had approximately 15,800 NRS PAY customers compared to approximately 10,300 a
 year earlier. 

Data
 Analytics. NRS captures targeted POS transaction data from NRS retailers. These retailers are concentrated in urban communities
 with significant immigrant populations and, in the aggregate, constitute a significant but largely opaque market for data analysis
 and marketing. NRS has built a data platform that allows third parties to analyze transaction data at independent retailers and gain
 insights into this important segment of the consumer market. 

Terminal-based
 software services . Terminal operators pay a monthly fee to operate each POS terminal, which increases with premium POS feature
 sets. 

In
addition to these recurring sources of revenue, NRS sells its POS terminals to retailers. Terminals are typically offered at a discount
from the full retail price when retailers enroll in NRS PAY. 

NRS
also supports our BOSS communications and payment offerings BOSS Revolution Calling, BOSS Money remittances, and IDT Digital
Payments, all of which can be sold and provisioned by retailers directly from their NRS terminals. 

We
believe that NRS competitive advantages include: 

Our
 purpose-built package of hardware and software is tailored specifically to the needs of independent retailers. Our approach differentiates
 us from other POS providers who primarily seek to provide POS solutions for retail and restaurant chains with centralized decision-making
 and vendor selection processes; 

Our
 ability to penetrate the very fragmented independent retailer market, in part by leveraging IDT s relationships and experience
 serving over 30,000 retailers nationwide; 

Our
 established direct sales and marketing capabilities focused on independent retailers including our relationships with the wholesale
 distributors who supply these stores; 

Our
 POS terminal s 15 hi-definition customer-facing screen for displaying advertising and promotions provisioned via the
 NRS platform, and established relationships with supply side platforms in the DOOH advertising space; 

5 

Our
 ability to accept and target advertising and content in multiple formats to meet the needs of a diverse variety of potential advertising
 inventory buyers; 

For
 our data analytics business, the scale of our network and unique reach into the urban consumer convenience store market; 

Our
 focus on urban markets with high concentrations of first- and second-generation immigrants that provides advertisers and marketers
 with unprecedented reach and insight into these communities; 

For
 NRS PAY, we are ideally positioned to supply payment processing services to retailers who purchase, or already utilize, our terminals,
 and appeal to many more potential customers through simplified, transparent pricing plans with free card readers, no hidden fees
 and lower total cost to operate than most competitors; 

In
 certain states, NRS PAY s solution is licensed to accept electronic benefit transfers that certain competitors may not be licensed
 to accept; 

Because
 of our large scale compared to newcomers and small competitors, we are able to attractively price our software-as-a-service fees
 at levels that are generally well below theirs; 

Our
 ability to leverage new offerings for retailers through third party providers who are attracted by our scale and the flexibility
 of our platform; and 

Our
 experienced and proven management team, many of whom have been with NRS since inception. 

NRS 
growth strategy includes: 

Enhanced
 investment to increase the growth of our POS network through an expanded sales force and distributor network and subsidies on POS
 equipment; 

Expansion
 of our POS terminal network into new retail verticals enabled, in some markets, by the development of new POS hardware formats and
 software functionalities; 

For
 NRS PAY, conversion of current NRS terminal customers, particularly as contracts with their existing credit card processors expire,
 and conversion of existing NRS PAY customers to higher margin pricing plans; 

For
 NRS advertising, integrations with new programmatic advertisers and the development of differentiated offerings that enable us to
 more effectively leverage the unique strengths of our platform; 

Develop
 partnerships to provide NRS retailers with robust home delivery service options; and 

Build
 out the NRS digital wholesale supply channel to provide NRS retailers with new cost-effective supply options. 

Competition 

NRS 
principal competitors in our target market of independent convenience stores, including bodegas, and other small format retailers including
liquor and tobacco stores, are significantly smaller and primarily local or regional. These regional players generally do not offer a
comparable suite of POS services, have limited capacity to scale their platforms, and/or are not price competitive. 

Nationwide
POS platform service providers, including Square, Toast, Lightspeed, Clover, and NCR, primarily serve retail chains or are focused on
other segments, such as sit-down restaurant chains. 

Fintech 

Fintech
is comprised of BOSS Money and other, significantly smaller, financial services businesses. Fintech revenues were 86.6 million in fiscal
2023 compared to 64.6 million in fiscal 2022. Fintech s loss from operations was 2.5 million in fiscal 2023 compared to 6.9
million in fiscal 2022. BOSS Money revenues were 76.9 million in fiscal 2023, an increase of 38.5 from revenues of 55.6 million in
fiscal 2022. 

BOSS
Money enables customers in the United States to send money conveniently and affordably to third parties around the world. International
remittances are a primary economic activity for the tens of millions of first- and second-generation immigrants in the United States.
According to the World Bank, total remittances from the United States topped 79 billion in 2022. At July 31, 2023, BOSS Money provided
its remittance service from the United States to 47 countries through approximately 1,100 payer entities. Its payout network included
over 237,000 cash payout locations worldwide in addition to bank deposits, mobile money wallets, credit to debit cards, and home delivery
payout options. 

6 

BOSS
Money is offered directly to consumers via our digital channels including the BOSS Money app, the BOSS Revolution Calling app, and the
BOSS Money consumer website. Our retail channel comprises licensed and authorized BOSS Money agents nationwide. 

During
fiscal 2023, approximately 80 of BOSS Money s transactions originated on our digital channels, predominantly in the BOSS Money
app. The BOSS Money app enables customers with a debit or credit card to send money easily and securely directly from an iOS or Android
device. 

The
BOSS Money retail network affords unbanked and underbanked customers the ability to initiate transactions with cash as well as with a
debit or credit card. We continue to build our retail origination network by using our internal sales force to recruit new BOSS Money
retailers, primarily focusing on retailers that already provision BOSS Revolution Calling and IDT Digital Payments. In order to provide
our service, BOSS Money retailers must meet certain stringent financial and other regulatory qualifications. We also continue to enhance
the BOSS Money retailer portal and platform to make the transaction more convenient for retailers, the majority of whom host multiple
remittance providers. 

We
continue to expand our BOSS Money customer base at rates well above the domestic remittance industry s average by focusing our
marketing efforts on converting the large BOSS Revolution customer base, as well as by targeting new customers directly, primarily through
attractive fee and foreign exchange rate offers, through both our digital and retail channels. 

BOSS
Money generates revenues from a per-transaction fee charged to the customer and from foreign exchange differentials. Our transaction
costs include commissions paid when the transaction is initiated by a retail agent, payment to the international disbursing agent, banking,
compliance, foreign currency exchange costs, and, for digital transfers, credit and debit card processing fees. 

BOSS
Money s gross margins are typically higher on remittances initiated through our digital channels compared to retail channel transactions,
as we pay retail agents transaction-based commissions on the latter. 

Competition
and Competitive Strengths 

BOSS
Money competes in the international money remittance space with both brick and mortar services which operate primarily
in retail locations through stores or authorized agents and with digital-only platforms. Most retailer-based originators of money transfers
have now developed digital capabilities as well. Significant participants in this category include Western Union, International Money
Express, Inc. (Intermex), Ria, a subsidiary of Euronet Worldwide, and MoneyGram International, Inc. Money remittance providers that compete
wholly or primarily through digital channels include Xoom (a subsidiary of PayPal), WorldRemit, Remitly, Sendwave, and TransferWise. 

We
believe that BOSS Money s competitive strengths include: 

Our
 BOSS name is an established and trusted brand that has served immigrant communities in the United States for over a decade. We spend
 significantly on BOSS-branded marketing to support BOSS Revolution Calling and BOSS Money. Through the nationwide network of over
 30,000 BOSS Revolution retailers, the BOSS brand has a high-visibility storefront presence in many communities with significant immigrant
 populations; 

The
 BOSS customer eco-system includes the significantly larger customer bases of BOSS Revolution Calling and IDT Digital Payments. We
 are able to significantly lower BOSS Money s customer acquisition costs, and therefore grow more efficiently, through our intensive
 cross-product marketing efforts with our eco-system; 

The
 BOSS Money app, which is used for the substantial majority of our transactions, is a proprietary, internally developed, scalable
 platform that has earned high marks from customers for its ease of use, reliability, and customer service; 

Our
 internal sales force, which serves our 30,000 BOSS Money retailers; 

Our
 nationwide retail channel that enables underbanked and unbanked customers to initiate cash transactions; 

Our
 comprehensive compliance processes and procedures; and 

Our
 experienced management team. 

7 

BOSS
Money s growth strategy includes: 

Expansion
 of our international payout network with a focus on popular destinations in Africa; 

Expansion
 of origination beyond the United States and Canada to the United Kingdom and, potentially, to European countries with large immigrant
 populations; 

Continued
 migration of our BOSS Revolution Calling and IDT Digital Payments customers from competitors to BOSS Money; 

Further
 enhancement of our BOSS Money app and retailer portal; 

Increasing
 the number of BOSS Money retail agents; and 

Addition
 of new features and offerings. 

We
continue to compete successfully in part by migrating customers from our other BOSS offerings to BOSS Money leveraging our highly regarded
BOSS brand, insights into our customers, and cross-marketing capabilities. We compete for customers outside the BOSS ecosystem primarily
based on brand reputation, low fees, and competitive foreign exchange rates. 

net2phone 

net2phone s
revenues were 72.4 million in fiscal 2023 compared to 58.2 million in fiscal 2022. net2phone s loss from operations was 2.8
million in fiscal 2023 compared to 11.1 million in fiscal 2022. 

net2phone
launched its UCaaS offering in 2015, leveraging our expertise in VoIP communications, established technology team, and global telephony
network. 

net2phone
enables its customers to transform their communications by leveraging its cloud platform to provide solutions that enable more intelligent,
flexible and adaptive communications. 

net2phone s
offerings include: 

Unified
 Communications as a Service (UCaaS): Business communications is rapidly evolving. Increasingly sophisticated cloud-based solutions
 are displacing siloed, multi-channel solutions and on-premise Private Branch Exchanges, or PBXs, which businesses operate to support
 their legacy phone systems. net2phone s Unite branded UCaaS service utilizes its cloud platform to provide conversational
 continuity across channels from any connected device tethered or mobile and to measure, manage and analyze those
 communications for enhanced insight and productivity. net2phone provides its UCaaS customers that convert from on-premise PBXs with
 advanced Internet Protocol, or IP, desktop phones and/or with a bring-your-own-device solution accessed through its integrated web
 portal and through net2phone s mobile app. net2phone s UCaaS service includes multi-channel communications with voice
 management features, unlimited domestic and international calling to over 40 countries, robust messaging and chat tools, voicemail
 to email transcription, client analytics, the net2phone Huddle video conferencing service, and reporting and system management capabilities
 accessed through its online console. net2phone s UCaaS service integrates seamlessly with business communication platforms
 (such as Microsoft Teams and Slack), leading customer relationship management, or CRM, services (such as SalesForce, Zoho and others)
 and text-based communications platforms. net2phone adds features, enhancements and integrations on a regular basis leveraging its
 agile development philosophy. 

Cloud
 Contact Center as a Service (CCaaS) : net2phone offers robust and integrated cloud CCaaS solutions under its uContact brand. uContact
 provides omnichannel contact center solutions including workflows, forms, reports, dashboards, CRM alerts, and monitoring for inbound,
 outbound, or blended contact centers. uContact also offers gamification components to improve employee efficiency and engagement.
 uContact is sold either as a stand-alone offer or as a bundled solution with net2phone s UCaaS or SIP Trunking offerings. 

Huddle :
 net2phone s video and audio streaming solution, Huddle, is integrated with and provisioned through its unified communications
 offering. Huddle delivers a comprehensive feature set including phone dial-in conference options, robust user controls, single sign-on,
 noise cancelation, screen blur, Huddle reactions and complete on-the-go access. Huddle integrates fully with Google and Microsoft
 Outlook calendars. Conversations on Huddle are secure, and passcode protected. 

8 

Session
 Initiation Protocol (SIP) Trunking : net2phone s SIP Trunking service provides high-quality voice channels from net2phone s
 expansive VoIP network directly to the client s on-premise IP-PBX. net2phone s SIP Trunking service has been certified
 for compatibility with leading IP-PBX vendors such as Avaya and 3CX. 

net2phone
operates in the United States, Canada, Latin America, the Caribbean, and Spain. Sales efforts are targeted at mid-market scale businesses,
with 50 to 1000 seats. 

net2phone
employs a channel-partner go-to-market strategy in its markets, except in Canada. In these markets, distribution is through master agents,
telecom agents, managed service providers, and value-added reseller partners. net2phone s channel-centric approach enables it to
efficiently reach its extensive target market of midsize businesses, which rely heavily on channel partners to address their IT needs.
Currently, net2phone partners with over 2,000 active channel partners. net2phone s partner channel is overseen by field-based channel
sales managers employed by net2phone. 

net2phone
also continues to expand its direct-to-business channel in each of its markets. 

net2phone s
channel partners and business customers choose its solutions because of its intuitive products, reliability, track-record of innovation,
and accessibility. 

net2phone s
go-to-market strategy for both channel partners and direct sales is uniquely tailored to each geographic market. net2phone delivers differentiated,
local support for channel partners and end users along with customizable packages and a partner-ready portal for seamless onboarding
and management. In addition, net2phone bills and supports its customers directly. 

net2phone s
value proposition for its channel partners includes streamlined services bundled with and without IP phones, extensive customization
capabilities, frictionless and rapid quote generation, and competitive compensation backed by net2phone s dedicated channel
team. 

Key
differentiators typically include net2phone s advanced feature sets, white glove customer service, integrations with third-party
software and deep localization. net2phone s global infrastructure, locally based sales and customer support teams and local phone
numbers, porting, and native language support, all enable net2phone clients to retain the look and feel of localized customer and user
experiences. 

net2phone s
marketing to channel partners and end users includes search engine marketing, search engine optimization, third-party lead generation
platforms, social media marketing, and other forms of demand generation. net2phone s indirect marketing funnels through its network
of partners, master agencies, and affiliates and includes tradeshows and local events, support for digital marketing and other forms
of demand generation. 

net2phone
tracks its acquisition costs closely across both channels to ensure it is acquiring customers in a cost-efficient manner and consistent
with its targets for return on investment. 

net2phone s
CCaaS offering is integrated into its core marketing strategies. These include, but are not limited to, webinars, channel partner events,
contact center industry-focused events, search engine optimization, and search engine marketing, layered with ongoing channel sales training,
proof of concepts and demos. As CCaaS sales opportunities will lead to more enterprise deployments, net2phone plans to implement a strong
presales engineering cadence to qualify, ascertain and identify the key features and functionality that such client sets require. 

net2phone
growth strategy includes: 

New
 Product and Feature Offerings net2phone expects to introduce new services and functionalities to drive sales, increase
 average revenue per user, or ARPU, and an enhanced customer experience. They include: 

net2phone
 AI , which leverages the power of artificial intelligence within its UCaaS and CCaaS solutions to drive immediate, quantifiable
 improvements in customer engagement and business performance. net2phone AI will be offered as a premium service in all of net2phone s
 international markets and in three languages: English, Spanish and Portuguese. 

Call
 Center Essentials , which offers the key advantages of a contact center solution to mid-sized businesses that have significant
 customer interactions without the need for complete call center offerings. Call Center Essentials features include flexible
 call queues, custom routing, and performance monitoring accessed through an intelligent, modern, and easy-to-use interface. Call
 Center Essentials will also be offered as a premium service in net2phone s international markets. 

9 

A
 self-service station , which enables channel partners and end users to easily handle commonly requested modifications
 from setting up new extensions for staff to modifying a welcome greeting for the Thanksgiving holiday within a professional
 portal experience. 

net2phone
 TieLine , which allows the growing number of customers that utilize both Unite and uContact to contact colleagues on either platform. 

Channel
 expansion and direct sales . net2phone s growth accelerates as it adds new channel partners and increases direct sales.
 As of July 31, 2023, we had over 2,000 active channel partner relationships. net2phone believes that its channel partner strategy,
 including the flexibility of go-to-market alternatives and the extensive support net2phone provides to its partners, creates strong
 incentives for resellers to partner with it. net2phone s direct sales strategy is driving incremental expansion via its web-based
 portals in each of its markets and led by its direct sales teams in Canada. 

Expansion
 of CCaaS. net2phone s uContact branded CCaaS solution enables net2phone to expand its channel partner portfolio by adding
 partners that focus mainly or exclusively on the CCaaS space. uContact also expands net2phone s total addressable market by
 allowing it to target larger enterprise accounts, business process optimization, or BPO, providers (outsourced call centers), and
 international contact centers, as well as entities that want an integrated UCaaS and CCaaS solution. net2phone expects CCaaS-driven
 opportunities will increase its average user per customer considerably beyond what it experiences in the UCaaS space. In addition,
 Ucontact is expected to generate higher ARPU, while commanding stickier, longer-term relationships with customers. 

Focus
 on its mid-sized business target market . The competition for mid-market businesses is less intense than the enterprise market.
 Many mid-market businesses rely heavily on channel partners to address their IT needs and require customer support given limited
 in-house technology resources. Consequently, this market is particularly well-suited to a channel partner centric strategy. 

Expanding
 portfolio of integrations . net2phone continues to expand its portfolio of integrations with leading third-party CRM and text-based
 business collaboration platforms. net2phone s UCaaS and CCaaS offerings integrate seamlessly with Google Meet, Microsoft Teams,
 Zoho, Slack, Zapier, Salesforce and WhatsApp via its Omni channel CCaaS solution, as well as with smaller, vertical-specific CRMs. 

Leveraging
 regional infrastructure for deep localization . In Latin America, net2phone leverages its network infrastructure and regional
 expertise to provide a truly localized solution supported by knowledgeable staff and regional offices in Argentina, Brazil, Colombia,
 Peru, Uruguay, and Mexico. Latin American markets generally initially exhibit lower levels of unified communications adoption and
 market leadership than in the United States and Europe, allowing net2phone to establish itself as an early mover within the market
 and gain significant market share. 

Expand
 internationally . net2phone plans to continue growing its business within its international markets. In both fiscal 2023 and fiscal
 2022, 44 of net2phone s UCaaS subscription revenue came from its eight international markets: Canada, Brazil, Mexico, Argentina,
 Spain, Colombia, Peru, and Uruguay. net2phone has strong sales and marketing presence in each of these markets. 

Selectively
 pursue acquisitions and strategic investments . net2phone may continue to selectively pursue acquisitions and strategic investments
 to strengthen its platform with new capabilities and solutions as well as to expand its position in its existing markets or to establish
 a presence in new markets. 

Competitive
Strengths 

We
believe that net2phone s competitive strengths include: 

Proprietary
 communications-as-a-service product suite. net2phone provides a leading, proprietary cloud-based communications and collaboration
 platform for our customers. Key differentiators include net2phone s advanced feature sets, proprietary CCaaS offering, white
 glove customer service, integrations with third-party software, and deep localization. Through net2phone s platform, customers
 can access voice, video, chat and messaging services, softphone and mobile applications, customizable packages, and a partner portal.
 The seamlessly integrated solutions on net2phone s platform are delivered and centrally managed through an intuitive, single
 pane of glass master portal that allows channel partners and customers to easily monitor and manage the product offering.
 net2phone s CCaaS offering provides call center agents software for customized campaign management, including inbound and outbound
 call management, messaging, gamification, reporting, and live monitoring. net2phone s CCaaS offering is tailored for call centers
 ranging from 20 to 1,000 agents. net2phone supports seamless product suite integrations with leading third-party CRMs and text-based
 business collaboration platforms including Google Meet, Microsoft Teams, Zoho, Slack, Zapier, and Salesforce, with new integrations
 added to meet demand. 

10 

Platform
 built for our channel partners. net2phone has built its platform to both serve the needs of its customers and to empower its
 channel partners. We believe that net2phone s platform provides its partners with an effective way to market and sell its comprehensive
 solutions to new customers and manage its existing customers. In addition, net2phone s integrations with leading third-party
 applications enable its partners to offer more comprehensive solutions. net2phone s suite of solutions is delivered to the
 marketplace both quickly, intuitively, and precisely. net2phone has developed a proprietary partner portal exclusively for its growing
 partner community. net2phone s channel partners are able to easily quote and deliver a net2phone proposal and agreement proceeding
 directly to onboarding. 

One
 World, One Platform . net2phone is deploying a single cloud-based platform to provide its unified communications service globally.
 This single-platform approach enables a consistent, holistic approach to new feature deployment, service upgrades, and marketing.
 The platform has been deployed in the United States, Brazil, and Mexico to date. 

Distribution
 power of net2phone s more than 2,000 active channel partners enhanced with an emergent direct to consumer strategy. net2phone s 
 vast and growing partner network gives it tremendous leverage to grow its business customer base, increase revenue from our existing
 clients and expand its footprint to adjacent geographies. net2phone s platform is tailored to support channel partners and
 includes channel incentives built into its pricing structure, technology platform, and support services. net2phone puts its channel
 and customer priorities first. Channel partners are motivated to sell net2phone s offering due to its premier, localized channel
 partner support and marketing. While net2phone is primarily focused on strategically growing its channel sales, it has also been
 focusing on the expansion of its direct-to-business sales. 

Differentiated
 customer support and local market presence. net2phone offers channel partners and customers white glove customer service, integrations
 with third-party software, and deep localization. net2phone s on-the-ground presence in international markets accounted for
 approximately 75 of its personnel at the end of fiscal 2023. Regional-based customer service and sales teams are a key differentiator
 and propel net2phone s international business. 

Track
 record and focus on innovative solutions. net2phone s long track record of innovation includes the development of its proprietary
 UCaaS platform, including the Huddle video conferencing service, as well as numerous patents around virtualized communication technologies. 

Employee-friendly
 culture that allows net2phone to attract and retain talent . net2phone has sought to create a workplace and culture that is entrepreneurial,
 positive, employee-friendly and encourages its employees to work towards its shared goals of delivering innovative solutions to its
 customers and supporting its partners. As of July 31, 2023, net2phone had approximately 460 employees worldwide, with 77 located
 outside of the United States. 

Competition 

net2phone s
most significant competitors in the UCaaS space include RingCentral, 8x8, Crexendo, Vonage, and Nextiva. Many of these companies offer
more widely recognized brands, larger and more developed marketing and sales forces and/or channel agent networks, and more advanced
product sets and solutions customized for specific market segments or verticals. These competitors offerings typically also support
integration of their services with other well-known, third-party CRM vendors as well as with various Google and Microsoft applications. 

The
CCaaS market is fragmented, highly competitive and evolving rapidly in response to shifting consumer behavior, especially the rapid adoption
of mobile devices and social media. The proliferation of mobile devices and social media is driving change in contact center technology,
as customers expect seamless communication across any channel according to their preference and needs. Combined with the disruptive nature
of cloud technologies, this has resulted in competitors from different market and product heritages, varying in size, breadth and scope
of products and services offered. net2phone currently competes with large legacy vendors that offer on-premise contact center systems,
such as Avaya and Cisco. These legacy telephony vendors are increasingly supplementing and replacing their traditional on-premise contact
center systems with competing cloud offerings, through a combination of acquisitions, partnerships, and in-house development. 

11 

Additionally,
net2phone competes with vendors that historically provided other contact center services and technologies and expanded to offer cloud
contact center software such as NICE, Five9, and Genesys. net2phone also faces competition from many smaller contact center service providers
such as Talkdesk and Seranova, as well as vendors offering both unified communications and contact center solutions. In addition, Amazon
and Twilio have introduced solutions aimed at companies who wish to build their own contact centers with in-house developers. CRM vendors
are also increasingly offering features and functionality that were traditionally provided by contact center service providers. CRM vendors
also continue to partner with contact center service providers to provide integrated solutions and may, in the future, acquire competitive
contact center service providers. 

net2phone s
competitors may enjoy competitive advantages over it, including greater name recognition, longer operating histories and larger marketing
budgets, as well as greater financial and/or technical resources. With the introduction of new technologies and market entrants, net2phone
expects competition to continue to intensify. net2phone s future acquisitions, if any, may subject it to new competitors and cause
it to face additional and different competition in the markets served by these businesses. 

Traditional
Communications 

Our
Traditional Communications segment generated 1,002.7 million in revenues and income from operations of 61.3 million in fiscal 2023,
as compared with revenues of 1,190.0 million and income from operations of 75.8 million in fiscal 2022. 

 Traditional
Communications comprises the following businesses: 

IDT
 Digital Payments, which includes certain prepaid offerings primarily mobile top-up, which enables customers to transfer airtime
 and bundles of airtime, messaging, and data to international and domestic mobile accounts, and Zendit, its cloud-based prepaid-as-a-service
 platform, which enables businesses and developers to offer prepaid digital offerings globally through their apps and websites; 

BOSS
 Revolution Calling, an international long-distance calling service marketed primarily to immigrant communities in the United States
 and Canada; 

IDT
 Global, a wholesale provider of international voice and SMS termination and outsourced traffic management solutions to telecoms worldwide;
 and 

Other,
 small businesses and offerings including early-stage business initiatives and mature businesses in harvest mode. 

IDT
Digital Payments 

IDT
Digital Payments revenues were 417.1 million in fiscal 2023 compared to 473.2 million in fiscal 2022 (41.6 and 39.8 of Traditional
Communications revenues in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively). 

IDT
Digital Payments enables customers to transfer airtime and bundles of airtime, messaging, and data to recharge or top-up 
a recipient s mobile phone account internationally or domestically. Through its Zendit platform, IDT Digital Payments enables businesses,
entrepreneurs, and developers to offer prepaid digital offerings including mobile airtime top-up, mobile data bundles, digital gift cards,
and prepaid utility payments. The substantial majority of IDT Digital Payments revenue is from international mobile top-up. IDT
Digital Payments offers mobile top-up for 194 different carriers in 109 countries, primarily in Latin America, the Caribbean and Africa. 

IDT
Digital Payments leverages our platform capabilities, our distribution reach into foreign-born communities and our relationships with
mobile operators around the world. 

IDT
Digital Payments is sold through the BOSS platform primarily through three channels: 

direct-to-consumer,
 through the BOSS digital channel, including our BOSS Revolution Calling and BOSS Money apps, and the BOSS Revolution website; 

retail,
 through our BOSS Revolution retail network including direct provisioning by retailers using our BOSS Revolution retailer platform
 and through mobile operator-branded top-up cards, and 

enterprise
 and wholesale, in which we provision international offerings for other businesses. 

12 

IDT
Digital Payments growth drivers include deployment of additional data centric bundles to meet the growing demand for data from
mobile phone customers in developing countries worldwide, cross selling to our current BOSS Revolution Calling and BOSS Money customers,
further expansion into the enterprise and wholesale market as well as other regions, and the addition of new services, including enabling
originators to pay for goods and services on behalf of the recipient. Additionally, we are actively pursuing the growing global digital
gift card market by expanding our digital catalog to include hundreds of brands from around the world. 

Competition 

IDT
Digital Payments major competitors include: 

international
 mobile operators, who seek to control more of their own distribution channel or create their own products that directly compete with
 IDT Digital Payments; and 

other
 service providers, distributors, and wholesalers, including DT One, Ding, and Recharge.com. 

We
believe that IDT Digital Payments competitive advantages are: 

our
 direct connection to most of the Tier 1 and Tier 2 mobile carriers worldwide; 

the
 strength of IDT s balance sheet, which allows us to compete effectively in a capital intensive prepaid industry; 

our
 extensive distribution and retail networks that provide us with a strong presence in communities of foreign-born residents, a significant
 portion of which purchase our services with cash; and 

our
 strong omni channel approach, which includes the BOSS Revolution retailer network, the BOSS digital platform, including the BOSS
 Money and BOSS Revolution Calling apps and the BOSS Revolution website, and the enterprise and wholesale channel. 

BOSS
Revolution Calling 

BOSS
Revolution Calling s revenues were 322.1 million in fiscal 2023 compared to 387.9 million in fiscal 2022 (32.1 and 32.6 of
Traditional Communications revenues in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively). 

BOSS
Revolution Calling is a prepaid international long-distance calling service marketed primarily to foreign-born and under-banked consumers
in the United States and Canada, and a digital-only offering in Europe and Australia. 

BOSS
Revolution Calling includes our flagship BOSS Revolution branded international long-distance prepaid calling service as
well as disposable hard cards sold under a variety of brands. In the United States, BOSS Revolution Calling served, as of July 31, 2023,
approximately 2.1 million customers per month. 

BOSS
Revolution Calling is offered through our digital channels the BOSS Revolution Calling app and website, and through our extensive
national network of BOSS Revolution retailers. 

BOSS
Revolution Calling allows users to place international long-distance calls at affordable rates from the BOSS Revolution Calling app or
by calling an access number. Regardless of how the call originates, our customers must first establish and top-up a prepaid BOSS Revolution
account that is linked to their phone. Customers can open a BOSS Revolution Calling account for free and top-up with a debit or credit
card using the BOSS Revolution Calling app, through the BOSS Revolution consumer website (www.bossrevolution.com) or by phone, or with
cash at any BOSS Revolution retailer. Once the account is established and a call is placed, our platform recognizes the customer s
phone through its network-provided automatic number identification and seamlessly links each call to the corresponding BOSS Revolution
account. Callers then enter their destination phone numbers. BOSS Revolution Calling customers account balances are debited at
a fixed rate per minute or at a fixed amount for calling plans to a specific country over a specified time period. In contrast to certain
of our competitors, BOSS Revolution Calling does not charge connection, usage or breakage fees. BOSS Revolution Calling s per minute
rates vary by the destination country, city, and whether the call is placed to a landline or mobile phone. Rates are published on the
BOSS Revolution consumer website and within the BOSS Revolution Calling app. 

Users
of the BOSS Revolution Calling app constitute the majority of our customers to date. At July 31, 2023, approximately 1.5 million customers
per month utilized the BOSS Revolution Calling app. 

In
the United States, we distribute our BOSS Revolution Calling hard cards and other retail products primarily through our network of distributors
that, either directly or through sub-distributors, sell to retail locations. In addition, our internal sales force sells BOSS Revolution
Calling and other platform products directly to retailers. 

13 

At
July 31, 2023, approximately 23,500 retailers per month utilized our digital retailer platform to provision customers, the substantial
majority of whom pay the retailer in cash. In addition, we estimate that approximately 5,000 retailers resell our disposable hard cards
without utilizing our retailer portal. BOSS Revolution retailers are typically independent retailers serving foreign-born communities
with significant unbanked or under-banked populations. 

The
BOSS Revolution retailer portal can be accessed by any broadband enabled device. Through the portal, retailers can access our platform
to create accounts for new customers, add funds to existing customer balances and execute sales transactions. The platform provides us
with a direct, real-time interface with our BOSS Revolution retailers to create a cost-effective and adaptable distribution model that
allows us to target and promote services directly to distributors and retailers, to introduce and cross-sell new offerings, and to rapidly
adapt to changes in the business environment. 

In
the United States, the BOSS Revolution brand is supported by national, regional, and local marketing programs that include television
and radio advertising, online advertising and grass roots marketing at community and sporting events. In addition, we work closely with
distributors and retailers on in-store promotional programs and events. 

BOSS
Revolution Calling s retail sales have traditionally been, and continue to be, strongest in the Northeastern United States and
in Florida because of our extensive local distribution network. We continue to grow BOSS Revolution Calling s distributor relationships
and expand BOSS Revolution Calling s retail network in other areas of the United States and Canada, including the Southwest and
West Coast. 

Competition 

BOSS
Revolution Calling is subject to fierce competition. While virtually any company offering communication services is a competitor, we
face particularly strong competition from Tier 1 mobile network operators who offer flat-rate international calling plans, other PIN-less
prepaid voice offerings, prepaid calling card providers, mobile virtual network operators, and VoIP and other over the top ,
or OTT, service providers. Outside the United States, we also compete with large state-owned or state-sanctioned telephone companies. 

Many
of these companies, including AT T, Verizon, and T-Mobile, are substantially larger and have greater financial, technical, engineering,
personnel, and marketing resources, longer operating histories, greater name recognition, and larger customer bases than we do. 

In
addition to these larger competitors, we face significant competition from smaller prepaid calling providers. 

From
time to time, competitors may offer rates that are substantially below ours, in an apparent attempt to gain market share. In some instances,
these rates are below what we believe to be the cost to provide the service. This predatory pricing can adversely affect our revenues
and our gross margins. 

The
continued growth of OTT calling and messaging services such as WhatsApp, Messenger, FaceTime, and others have adversely affected the
sales of BOSS Revolution Calling and our other prepaid calling services. We expect the popularity of these IP-based services many
of which offer free voice and/or video communications to continue to increase, which will increase substitution for, and pricing
pressure on, our BOSS Revolution Calling and other international prepaid calling offerings. However, free services typically require
both the caller and recipient to have a broadband connection. BOSS Revolution Calling utilizes telephone networks to enable voice communications
even when neither party has broadband connectivity. 

Many
mobile operators offer unlimited international long-distance plans that include international destinations to which customers can place
direct calls from their mobile phones without time limitation. These plans now include some of our most popular international destinations.
The growth of these international unlimited plans adversely affects our revenues as these operators gain subscriber market
share. 

Our
ability to compete successfully against these various operators and service providers stems from several factors, including: 

our
 interconnect and termination agreements, network infrastructure, and least-cost-routing system enable us to offer low-cost, high-quality
 services; 

our
 continued innovation with new plans tailored to the specific needs of different corridors and finding new ways of delivering more
 value to consumers striving to connect with third parties around the globe; 

14 

our
 extensive distribution and retail networks provide us with a strong presence in communities of foreign-born residents, a significant
 portion of which purchase our services with cash; 

our
 continued migration of our existing customers to our digital platform including the BOSS Revolution Calling app; 

our
 BOSS Revolution brand is often highly visible in these communities and has a reputation for quality service and competitive, transparent
 pricing; and 

our
 offering of synergistic IDT Digital Payments and BOSS Money over the BOSS Revolution platform that customers can conveniently access
 from their accounts. 

Our
ability to maintain and/or to capture additional market share will remain dependent upon our ability to continue to provide competitively
priced services, to maintain our distribution and retail networks, to increase usage through the BOSS Revolution Calling app, and to
innovate new products and services to fit the evolving needs of our customers. 

IDT
Global 

IDT
Global s revenues were 230.3 million in fiscal 2023 compared to 292.4 million in fiscal 2022, contributing 23.0 and 24.6 of
Traditional Communications revenues in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. 

IDT
Global is one of the largest wholesale carriers of international long-distance minutes in the world. 

IDT
Global s telecommunications network is comprised of interconnections and commercial relationships that reach virtually every significant
global telecom operator. These relationships enable us to carry international telecommunications traffic to more than 200 countries around
the world. IDT Global s customers include our BOSS Revolution Calling and net2phone businesses, major and niche carriers around
the globe, mobile network operators, and other service providers such as call aggregators. For many of these customers, particularly
the major carriers, we engage in buy-sell relationships, terminating their customers traffic in exchange for terminating our traffic
with them. 

IDT
Global offers competitively priced international termination rates at several quality levels. We can offer competitively priced termination
services in part because of the large volumes of originating minutes generated by our BOSS Revolution Calling business, our global platform
powered by proprietary software, our team of professional and experienced account managers and market makers, and our global network
of interconnections and relationships with other telecom operators. IDT Global s services are marketed and sold through our internal
account management team and the IDT Express digital portal. IDT Express focuses on delivering wholesale voice and direct inward dialing,
or DID, services to small and medium size businesses domestically and internationally. 

Traditional
Communications terminated 9.3 billion minutes in fiscal 2023, as compared to 11.3 billion minutes in fiscal 2022. IDT Global accounted
for 6.3 billion minutes and 7.7 billion minutes of the total Traditional Communications minutes in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022,
respectively. 

IDT
Global has a significant number of direct connections to Tier 1 providers in North America, Latin America, Asia, Africa, Europe, and
the Middle East. Tier 1 providers are the largest recognized licensed carriers in the country. Direct connections improve the quality
of the telephone calls and reduce the cost, thereby enabling us to generate more traffic with higher margins to the associated foreign
locales. We also have direct relationships with mobile network operators, reflecting their growing share of the voice traffic market. 

Termination
rates charged by Tier 1 and other providers of international long-distance traffic have been declining for many years. Nevertheless,
termination rates charged to us by individual Tier 1 carriers and mobile operators can be volatile. Termination price volatility on heavily
trafficked routes can significantly impact our minutes of use and wholesale revenues. 

In
addition to offering competitive rates to our carrier customers, we emphasize our ability to offer the high-quality connections that
these providers often require. To that end, we offer higher-priced services in which we provide higher-quality connections, based upon
a set of predetermined quality of service criteria. These services meet a growing need for higher-quality connections for some of our
customers who provide services to high-value, quality-conscious retail customers. As of July 31, 2023, IDT Global had more than 1,600
customers, including more than 315 carrier relationships globally. 

IDT
Global s revenues are generated by sales to both postpaid and prepaid customers. Postpaid customers typically include Tier 1 carriers,
mobile network operators, and our most creditworthy customers. The majority of IDT Global s prepaid customers connect via our IDT
Express portal. IDT Express offers the convenience of a mobile self-service portal paired with dedicated account managers backed by customer
support. Prepaid customers are typically smaller telecommunication companies as well as independent call aggregators. 

15 

IDT
Global also offers outsourcing services to help fixed and mobile telephony operators enhance the profitability and value of their international
voice operations. IDT Global offers these operators customized solutions, including full outsourcing, handing all inbound and outbound
calls with or without switch management, and hybrid arrangements whereby the operator retains certain routes or customers directly. Pursuant
to these deals, IDT Global collaborates with the operators to provide a full range of international long-distance services to their respective
customers in-country and overseas. 

IDT
Global is subject to intense revenue and margin pressure as communications globally continues to transition away from international voice
calling to video conferencing and other collaboration platforms, low-cost or free messaging services, free peer-to-peer voice calls available
when both parties utilize broadband connections, and flat-rate international long-distance plans offered both by the largest mobile network
operators and niche mobile virtual network operators. 

Competition 

The
wholesale carrier industry has numerous entities competing for the same customers, primarily based on price and quality of service. 

IDT
Global participates in a global marketplace with: 

interexchange
 carriers and other long-distance resellers and providers, including large carriers such as T-Mobile, AT T, and Verizon; 

historically
 state-owned or state-sanctioned telephone companies such as Telefonica, Orange SA, and KDDI; 

on-line,
 spot-market trading exchanges for voice minutes; 

OTT
 internet telephony providers; 

other
 VoIP providers; 

other
 providers of international long-distance services; and 

alliances
 between large multinational carriers that provide wholesale carrier services. 

We
believe that IDT Global derives a competitive advantage over some participants on certain routes from several inter-related factors: 

our
 BOSS Revolution Calling business generates large volumes of originating minutes, which represents a desirable, negotiable asset that
 helps us win return traffic and obtain beneficial pricing which we can offer in the wholesale arena; 

the
 proprietary technologies powering our IDT Global platform and, in particular, the software that drives VoIP enables us to scale up
 at a lower cost than many of our competitors; 

our
 professional and experienced account management team; and 

our
 extensive network of interconnects around the globe, with the ability to connect in whichever format (IP or time-division multiplexing,
 or TDM) is most feasible. 

Communications
and Payment Network Infrastructure and Technology Development 

Our
products and services utilize a combination of proprietary software and services as well as technologies and services provided by third
parties. We have developed intuitive user interfaces, customer tools and transaction processing, and database and network applications
that enable our users to reliably and securely complete transactions and help our customers and partners utilize our suite of services.
Our technology infrastructure simplifies the storage and processing of large amounts of data, eases the deployment and operation of large-scale
global products and services, and automates much of the administration of large-scale clusters of computers. 

16 

Our
technology infrastructure has been designed around industry-standard architectures to reduce downtime in the event of outages or catastrophic
occurrences. We strive to continually improve our technology infrastructure to enhance the customer experience and to increase efficiency,
scalability, and security. Our platforms architecture enables us to connect parties regardless of whether the transaction is occurring
at a traditional physical location, online, or through a mobile device. Our platforms incorporate multiple layers of protection, both
for continuity purposes and to address cyber-security challenges. We engage in multiple efforts to protect our software platforms against
these challenges, including regularly testing our systems to address potential vulnerabilities. 

Our
technology organization is responsible for the design, development, testing, and delivery of new software, technologies, and features
of our products and services, as well as the continued improvement and iteration of our existing products and services. Our technology
employees are remotely distributed globally and, in our Newark, Jerusalem, Guatemala, Warsaw, and Minsk offices. Our technology team
consist of our software engineering, voice engineering, quality engineering, data warehousing, ML (Machine Learning) and AI (Artificial
Intelligence) development, data engineering, systems, NOC (Network Operations Center), and operations teams. We intend to continue to
invest in our research and development capabilities to extend our products and services. 

Our
technology organization uses several key performance indicators to track service quality that meet or exceed industry standards for SaaS
(Software-as-a-Service) and technology enabled services. As of July 31, 2023, our technology organization maintained an aggregate service
uptime of approximately 99.97 in fiscal 2023. The software defect escape ratio, a measure of quality engineering for our flagship BOSS
Revolution brand, was 4 in fiscal 2023, meaning more than 96 of product defects were detected and fixed internally before being released
to our customers. Furthermore, this high level of quality was achieved utilizing suites of proprietary tests of which over 90 are fully
automated by a combination of proprietary software and technologies provided by third parties. 

Our
product offerings and go-to-market strategy continue to evolve, and we expect our product offerings to continue to become available to
customers at more frequent intervals than our historical release cycles. Our Agile development methodology is characterized by a dynamic
development process with more frequent revisions to a product release s features and functions as the software is being developed.
In addition, we have implemented a holistic portfolio management process, which has improved transparency and efficiency across the portfolio
through a recurring cadence of business reviews. 

REGULATION 

The
following summary of regulatory developments and legislation is intended to describe what we believe to be the most important, but not
all, current and proposed international, federal, state, and local laws, regulations, orders, and legislation that are likely to materially
affect us. 

Regulation
of Telecom in the United States 

Telecommunications
services are subject to extensive government regulation at both the federal and state levels in the United States. Any violations of
the regulations may subject us to enforcement actions, including interest and penalties. The Federal Communications Commission, or FCC,
has jurisdiction over all telecommunication s common carriers to the extent they provide interstate or international communications
services, including the use of local networks to originate or terminate such services. Each state regulatory commission has jurisdiction
over the same carriers with respect to their provision of local and intrastate communications services. Local governments often indirectly
regulate aspects of our communications business by imposing zoning requirements, taxes, permit or right-of-way procedures or franchise
fees. Significant changes to the applicable laws or regulations imposed by any of these regulators could have a material adverse effect
on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Regulation
of Telecom by the Federal Communications Commission 

In
1997, the FCC issued an order, referred to as the Universal Service Order, that requires all telecommunications carriers providing interstate
telecommunications services to contribute to universal service support programs administered by the FCC (known as the Universal Service
Fund). In addition, beginning in October 2006, interconnected VoIP providers, such as our subsidiary net2phone, are required to contribute
to the Universal Service Fund. These periodic contributions are currently assessed based on a percentage of each contributor s
interstate and international end user telecommunications revenues reported to the FCC. We also contribute to several other regulatory
funds and programs, most notably Telecommunications Relay Service, FCC Regulatory Fees, and Local Number Portability (collectively, the
Other Funds). We and most of our competitors pass through Universal Service Fund and Other Funds contributions as part of the price of
our services, either as part of the base rate or, to the extent allowed, as a separate surcharge on customer bills. Due to the manner
in which these contributions are calculated, we cannot be assured that we fully recover from our customers all of our contributions.
In addition, based on the nature of our current business, we receive certain exemptions from federal Universal Service Fund contributions.
Changes in our business could eliminate our ability to qualify for some or all of these exemptions. As a result, our ability to pursue
certain new business opportunities in the future may be constrained in order to maintain these exemptions, the elimination of which could
materially affect the rates we would need to charge for existing services. Changes in regulation may also have an impact on the availability
of some or all of these exemptions. If even some of these exemptions become unavailable, they could materially increase our federal Universal
Service Fund or Other Funds contributions and have a material adverse effect on the cost of our operations and, therefore, on
our ability to continue to operate profitably, and to develop and grow our business. We cannot be certain of the stability of the contribution
factors for the Other Funds. Significant increases in the contribution factor for the Other Funds in general and the Telecommunications
Relay Service Fund in particular can impact our profitability. Whether these contribution factors will be stable in the future is unknown,
but it is possible that we will be subject to significant increases. 

17 

Regulation
of Telecom by State Public Utility Commissions 

Our
telecommunications services that originate and terminate within the same state, including both local and in-state long distance services
are subject to the jurisdiction of that state s public utility commission, or PUC. The Communications Act of 1934, as amended,
generally preempts state statutes and regulations that prevent the provision of competitive services but permits state PUCs to regulate
the rates, terms and conditions of intrastate services, so long as such regulation is not inconsistent with the requirements of federal
law. We are certified to provide facilities-based and/or resold long-distance service in all 50 states and facilities-based and resold
local exchange service in 45 states. In addition to requiring certification, state regulatory authorities may impose tariff and filing
requirements, consumer protection measures, and obligations to contribute to the Universal Service Fund and Other Funds. Rates for intrastate
switched access services, which we both pay to local exchange companies and collect from long-distance companies for terminating in-state
toll calls, are subject to the jurisdiction of the state commissions. State commissions also have jurisdiction to approve negotiated
rates, or establish rates through arbitration, for interconnection, including rates for unbundled network elements. Changes in those
access charges or rates for unbundled network elements could have a substantial and material impact on our business. 

Regulation
of Telecom International 

In
connection with our international operations, we have obtained licenses or are otherwise authorized to provide telecommunications services
in various foreign countries. We have obtained licenses or authorizations in Argentina, Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Denmark,
Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, Mexico, the Netherlands, Peru, Singapore, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom,
and Uruguay. In numerous countries where we operate or plan to operate, we are subject to many local laws and regulations that, among
other things, may restrict or limit the ability of telecommunications companies to provide telecommunications services in competition
with state-owned or state-sanctioned dominant carriers. 

Regulation
of Internet Telephony 

The
use of the Internet and private IP networks to provide voice communications services is generally less regulated than traditional switch-based
telephony within the United States and abroad and, in many markets, is not subject to the imposition of certain taxes and fees that increase
our costs. As a result, we are able, in many markets, to offer VoIP communications services at rates that are more attractive than those
applicable to traditional telephone services. However, in the U.S. and abroad, there have been efforts by legislatures and regulators
to harmonize the regulatory structures between traditional switch-based telephony and VoIP. This could result in additional fees, charges,
taxes, and regulations on IP communications services that could materially increase our costs and may limit or eliminate our competitive
pricing advantages. Additionally, several foreign governments have adopted laws and/or regulations that could restrict or prohibit the
provision of voice communications services over the Internet or private IP networks. These efforts could likewise harm our ability to
offer VoIP communications services. 

Money
Transmitter and Payment Instrument Laws and Regulations 

Our
consumer payment services offerings include BOSS Money and various network branded, also called open loop , prepaid card
offerings. These industries are heavily regulated. Accordingly, we, and the products and services that we market in consumer payment
services, are subject to a variety of federal and state laws and regulations, including: 

Banking
 laws and regulations; 

Money
 transmitter and payment instrument laws and regulations; 

Anti-money
 laundering laws; 

Privacy
 and data security laws and regulations; 

Consumer
 protection laws and regulations; 

Unclaimed
 property laws; and 

Card
 association and network organization rules. 

In
connection with the development of our money transmission services and the expansion of our network branded prepaid card offerings, we
have actively pursued our own money transmitter licenses. At July 31, 2023, we had received a money transmitter license in 48 of the
49 U.S. states that require such a license, as well as in Washington, D.C. 

18 

Regulation
of Other Businesses 

We
operate other smaller or early-stage initiatives and operations, which may be subject to federal, state, local or foreign law and regulation. 

INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY 

We
own numerous patents, trademarks, domain names and other intellectual property rights necessary to conduct our business. We actively
pursue the filing and registration of patents, domain names, trademarks, and service marks to protect our intellectual property rights
within the United States and abroad; in particular our registered trademarks and brands: IDT , BOSS Revolution , and net2phone .
From time to time, we have also acquired or licensed intellectual property relating to present and future business strategy. We believe
that our technological position significantly depends on the technical experience, expertise, and creative ability of our employees to
maintain both our current businesses and pursue future business development. Our corporate policies require all employees to assign intellectual
property rights developed in the scope of, or in relation to our business to us, and to protect all intellectual property and proprietary
information and materials as confidential. 

Our
global telecommunications switching and transmission infrastructure enables us to provide an array of telecommunications, internet access
and internet telephony services to our customers worldwide. We rely upon domestic and foreign patents, patent applications, and other
intellectual property rights, regarding our infrastructure and global telecommunication network for our international telecommunications
traffic and the international traffic of other telecommunications companies. 

EMPLOYEES
AND HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Attracting
and retaining qualified personnel familiar with our businesses who head our different businesses units is critical to our success. As
of October 1, 2023, we had a total of approximately 1,890 employees, of which approximately 1,880 were full-time employees. 

Our
human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing, and integrating our existing
and new employees, advisors and consultants. To accomplish that, our compensation practices are designed to attract and retain qualified
and motivated personnel and align their interests with our goals and with the best interests of our stockholders. Our compensation philosophy
is to provide compensation to attract the individuals necessary for our current needs and growth initiatives and provide them with the
proper incentives to motivate those individuals to achieve our long-term plans, which includes among other things, equity and cash incentive
plans that attract, retain and reward personnel through the granting of stock-based and cash-based compensation awards. 

We
believe that talent attraction and retention are critical to our ability to achieve our strategy and that a trained, diverse and inspired
workforce is integral to delivering our objectives. Our recruiting process reaches a wide array of potential employees, and we employ
a rigorous screening process to ensure that we identify and hire quality professionals. 

We
are committed to diversity and inclusion in the workforce including a policy of non-discriminatory treatment and respect of human rights
for all current and prospective employees. We do not permit discrimination based on an individual s race, religion, creed, color,
sex, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, national origin or veteran s status and is illegal in many jurisdictions.
We respect the human rights of all employees and strive to treat them with dignity consistent with standards and practices recognized
by the international community. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

RISK
FACTORS 

Investing
in our Class B common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below,
together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related
notes, before making a decision to invest in our Class B common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below may not be the only
ones we face. If any of the risks occur, our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flows and prospects could be materially
and adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. 

19 

Risk
Factor Summary 

Our
business operations are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those outside of our control, that could cause our business,
financial condition or operating results to be harmed, including, but not limited to, risks regarding the following: 

Risks
Related to our Businesses and Operations 

errors
 in our technology or technological issues outside our control; 

cyberattacks
 impacting our networks or systems; 

network
 disruptions, security breaches, or other significant disruptions or failures of our IT infrastructure and related systems or of those
 we operate for certain of our customers; 

the
 failure, or perceived failure, of one or more of our products; 

our
 international operations subject us to geopolitical and other risks including ongoing developments in Belarus and Ukraine; 

failures
 in our data center or services; 

our
 dependence on industry standard protocols and third-party software, including but not limited to open-source software; 

our
 dependence on a single supplier or small group of suppliers; 

changes
 to rates by our suppliers and increasing regulatory charges or tariffs; 

our
 customers, particularly our IDT Global customers, could experience financial difficulties; 

technologies
 could affect our ability to track the results of ads and/or could block ads online; 

Risks
Related to Our NRS Business 

substantial
 and increasing competition in the POS industry and payment space; 

a
 decline in the advertising on the NRS platform due to macro-economic factors or otherwise; 

the
 ability of NRS to develop products and services to address the market for POS products and services; 

Risks
Related to Our net2phone Business 

competition
 against established well-financed alternative voice communication providers, who may provide comparable services at comparable or
 lower pricing; 

the
 capacity, reliability, and performance of several third-party providers and their network infrastructure; 

scaling
 the business efficiently or quickly enough to meet its customers growing needs; 

the
 integration of Integra s CCaaS business; 

Risks
Related to Our Traditional Communications Segment 

each
 of our BOSS Revolution Calling and IDT Global businesses is highly sensitive to declining prices; 

obtaining
 sufficient or cost-effective termination capacity to particular destinations; 

the
 termination of our carrier agreements with partners or our inability to enter into carrier agreements in the future; 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Condition 

we
 hold cash, cash equivalents, debt securities and equity investments that are subject to various market risks; 

if
 we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our
 financial results; 

Intellectual
Property, Tax, Regulatory, and Litigation Risks (many of which are related to our Fintech segment, among others) 

protecting
 our proprietary technology; 

claims
 of infringement of intellectual property rights of others; 

tax
 and regulatory audits; 

legal
 proceedings; 

our
 and our disbursement partners and our payment processors ability to comply with a wide range of laws and regulations
 intended to help detect and prevent illegal or illicit activity; 

licensing
 and other requirements imposed by regulators and governments; 

our
 collection, processing, storage, use, and transmission of personal data; 

collection
 of sales and use, value added, or similar taxes; 

certain
 imminent FCC Orders and rules that effect the telecommunications marketplace; 

our
 ability to comply with requirements for debit card, credit card, and other digital payment methods; 

20 

Risks
Related to Our Capital Structure 

holders
 of our Class B common stock have significantly less voting power than holders of our Class A common stock; and 

eight
 trusts for the benefit of sons and daughters of Howard S. Jonas, our Chairman and Chairman of the Board, hold shares that, in the
 aggregate, represent more than a majority of the combined voting power of our outstanding capital stock. 

Risks
Related to Our Businesses and Operations 

Errors
in our technology or technological issues outside our control could cause delays or interruptions to our customers. 

Our
services can be disrupted by issues with our networks, platforms, technology, and systems, including malfunctions in our servers, processors,
software or facilities. In addition, there may be service interruptions for reasons outside of our control. Our customers and potential
customers subscribing to our services have experienced such interruptions in the past and may experience such interruptions in the future
as a result of these types of problems or others which may or may not be in our control. Such interruptions may cause us to lose customers
and/or offer customer credits, which could adversely affect our revenue and profitability. Network and telecommunication interruptions
may also impair our ability to sign-up new customers. 

Cyberattacks
impacting our networks or systems could have an adverse effect on our business. 

Cyberattacks,
including through the use of malware, ransomware, computer viruses, denial of services attacks, credential harvesting, social engineering
and other means for obtaining unauthorized access to or disrupting the operation of our networks and systems and those of our suppliers,
vendors and other service providers, could have an adverse effect on our business. Cyberattacks may cause equipment failures, loss of
information, including sensitive personal information of customers or employees or valuable technical and marketing information, as well
as disruptions to our or our customers operations. Furthermore, ransomware could potentially deny the use of our systems until
a ransom is paid. Cyberattacks against companies, including us, have increased in frequency, scope, and potential harm in recent years.
They may occur alone or in conjunction with physical attacks, especially where disruption of service is an objective of the attacker.
The development and maintenance of systems to prevent such attacks is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating to address
their increasing prevalence and sophistication. While, to date, we have not been subject to cyberattacks that, individually or in the
aggregate, have been material to our operations or financial condition, the preventive actions we take to reduce the risks associated
with cyberattacks, including protection of our systems and networks, may be insufficient to repel or mitigate the effects of a cyberattack
in the future. 

The
inability to operate or use our networks and systems or those of our suppliers, vendors, and other service providers as a result of cyberattacks,
even for a limited period of time, may result in significant expenses to us and/or a loss of market share. The costs associated with
a major cyberattack on us could include expensive incentives offered to existing customers and business partners to retain their business,
increased expenditures on cybersecurity measures and the use of alternate resources, lost revenues from business interruption, and litigation.
Further, certain of our businesses, such as those offering cloud services to business customers, could be negatively affected if our
ability to protect our own networks and systems is called into question because of a cyberattack. In addition, a compromise of security
or a theft or other compromise of valuable information, such as financial data and sensitive or private personal information, could result
in lawsuits and government claims, investigations, or proceedings. Any of these occurrences could damage our reputation, adversely impact
customer and investor confidence and result in a material adverse effect on our results of operation or financial condition. 

We
could be harmed by network disruptions, security breaches, or other significant disruptions or failures of our IT infrastructure and
related systems or of those we operate for certain of our customers. 

To
be successful, we need to continue to have available, for our and our customers use, a high capacity, reliable and secure network.
We face the risk, as does any company, of a security breach, whether through cyber-attack, malware, computer viruses, sabotage, or other
significant disruption of our IT infrastructure. As such, there is a risk of a security breach or disruption of the systems we operate,
including possible unauthorized access to our and our customers proprietary or classified information. We are also subject to
breaches of our respective networks resulting in unauthorized utilization of our services or products, which subject us to the costs
of providing those products or services, which are likely not recoverable. The secure maintenance and transmission of our and our customers 
information is a critical element of our operations. Our information technology and other systems that maintain and transmit customer
information, or those of service providers or business partners, may be compromised by a malicious third-party penetration of our network
security, or that of a third-party service provider or business partner, or impacted by advertent or inadvertent actions or inactions
by our employees, or those of a third-party service provider or business partner. As a result, our or our customers information
may be lost, disclosed, accessed, or taken without our or our customers consent, or our product and service may be used without
payment. 

21 

Although
we make significant efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of information and systems, there can be no assurance
that our respective security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful
or damaging, especially in light of the growing sophistication of cyber-attacks and intrusions sponsored by state or other interests.
We may be unable to anticipate all potential types of attacks or intrusions or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative
measures. Certain of our business units have been the subject of attempted and successful cyber-attacks in the past. We have researched
these situations and do not believe any material internal, or customer information has been compromised. 

Network
disruptions, security breaches and other significant failures of the above-described systems could (i) disrupt the proper functioning
of our networks and systems and therefore our operations or those of certain of our customers; (ii) result in the unauthorized use of
our services or products without payment; (iii) result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation
or release of proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information of ours or our customers, including trade secrets,
which others could use to compete against us or for disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful purposes and outcomes; and (iv) require
significant management attention or financial resources to remedy the damages that result or to change our systems and processes. We
could be subject to claims for contract breach, damages, credits, fines, penalties, termination, or other remedies from our customers,
and subject to additional scrutiny or litigation by regulators, as a result of network disruptions, security breaches and other significant
failures of the above-described systems, any or all of which could result in a loss of business, damage to our reputation among our customers
and the public generally and have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 

If
one or more of our products fail, or is perceived to fail, or if there are technical defects, our reputation could be harmed, our market
share may decline, and we could be subject to various liability claims. 

Our
products may contain undetected errors or defects that may result in failures or otherwise cause our products to fail to perform in accordance
with customer expectations and contractual obligations. Moreover, our customers could incorrectly implement or inadvertently misuse our
products, which could result in customer dissatisfaction and harm the perceived utility of our products and our brand. Because our customers
use our products for mission-critical aspects of their business, any real or perceived errors or defects in, or other performance problems
with, our products may damage our customers businesses and could significantly harm our reputation. If that occurs, we could lose
future sales, or our existing customers could cancel our services, seek payment credits, seek damages against us, or delay or withhold
payment to us, which could result in service credits that reduce our revenues, an increase in collection cycles for accounts receivable,
an increase in our provision for uncollectible accounts, and ultimately harm our financial results. Product performance problems could
result in loss of market share, reputational harm, failure to achieve market acceptance and the diversion of development resources. 

In
addition, since telecommunications billing and associated telecom taxes, and the related calculations and billing of telecom taxes, are
inherently complex and require highly sophisticated information systems to administer, our billing system may experience errors or we
may improperly operate the system, which could result in the system incorrectly calculating the fees owed by our customers or related
taxes and administrative fees. Customers also may make indemnification or warranty claims against us, which could result in significant
expense and risk of litigation. 

Any
product liability, intellectual property, warranty, or other claims against us could damage our reputation and relationships with our
customers and could require us to spend significant time and money in litigation or pay significant settlements or damages. Although
we maintain general liability insurance, including coverage for errors and omissions, this coverage may not be sufficient to cover liabilities
resulting from such claims. Also, our insurers may disclaim coverage. Our liability insurance also may not continue to be available to
us on reasonable terms, in sufficient amounts, or at all. Any contract or product liability claims successfully brought against us would
harm our business. 

Our
revenues and profits will suffer if our distributors and sales representatives fail to effectively market and distribute our products
and services. 

We
rely on our distributors and representatives to market and distribute our BOSS products and services and NRS POS terminals and
portfolio of services. We utilize a network of several hundred sub-distributors that sell our BOSS products and services to retail outlets
throughout most of the United States. NRS POS terminal sales and marketing efforts are targeted, in part, to our nationwide network
of BOSS Revolution retailers. If our distributors or sales representatives fail to effectively market or distribute our products and
services, our ability to generate revenues and profits and grow our customer base in these products and services could be substantially
impaired. 

22 

Our
global operations subject us to geopolitical and other risks that may harm our results of operations and financial condition. 

We
have developers, product development personnel, other employees and senior management in different countries, and some business activities
may be concentrated in one or more geographic areas. As a result, our ability to design, develop or sell products and services may be
affected by: 

geopolitical
 concerns, such as armed conflict and civil or military unrest, crime, political instability, and terrorist activity; 

natural
 disasters and health concerns; 

inefficient
 and limited infrastructure and disruptions, such as supply chain interruptions and large-scale outages or interruptions of service
 from utilities, transportation, or telecommunications providers; 

restrictions
 on our operations by governments seeking to support local industries, nationalization of our operations, and restrictions on our
 ability to repatriate earnings; 

differing
 employment practices and labor issues; and 

local
 business and cultural factors that differ from our normal standards and practices, including business practices that we are prohibited
 from engaging in by the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, and other anti-corruption laws and regulations. 

Legal
and regulatory requirements differ among jurisdictions worldwide. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines; criminal
sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees; prohibitions on the conduct of our business; and damage to our reputation. Although
we have policies, controls, and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, our employees, contractors, or agents may violate
our policies. 

Our
research and development R D may be adversely affected by ongoing developments in Belarus and Ukraine. 

We
have a significant number of R D personnel in Belarus. Belarus shares borders with both Russia and Ukraine. In February 2022, in
connection with escalating tensions involving Russia and Ukraine, Russian military personnel stationed in Belarus were part of an invasion
force by Russian forces into Ukraine. In response to the support and facilitation by Belarus for the invasion, the United States, the
European Union, or EU, and various other nations imposed sanctions against multiple individuals and entities in Belarus. Other potential
retaliatory measures could be taken by the United States and other countries, particularly if Belarus were to take a more active role
in the conflict. While we continue to monitor the situation in Belarus closely, any prolonged or expanded unrest, military activities,
or sanctions could have an adverse effect on our future product roadmap and R D. We cannot predict whether additional sanctions or
other measures will be imposed, or the nature of severity of those measures, and whether they will directly or indirectly impact our
R D in Belarus or elsewhere. 

Further,
our Belarussian R D personnel could be impacted by retaliatory actions taken by third parties related to actual or perceived Belarussian
actions in support of the invasion, including cyberattacks. 

Should
the military conflict expand to Belarus, our operations there could likely be impacted, including due to availability of personnel, electrical
outages, cyber-attacks, and actual battles in areas where we have personnel. 

Any
of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our ability to research and develop new technology, including corrections or enhancements
of existing platforms supporting our current products and services or development of new or complementary offerings. 

Global
and regional economic conditions could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and growth. 

We
have international operations with revenues outside the United States representing a substantial amount of our total revenues. As a result,
our operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions. Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including
inflation, slower growth, or recession, new or increased tariffs and other barriers to trade, changes to fiscal and monetary policy,
tighter credit, higher interest rates, high unemployment, and currency fluctuations could materially adversely affect demand for our
products and services. In addition, consumer confidence and spending could be adversely affected in response to financial market volatility,
negative financial news, conditions in the real estate and mortgage markets, declines in income or asset values, changes to fuel and
other energy costs, labor and healthcare costs, and other economic factors. 

23 

Failure
in our data center or services could lead to significant costs and disruptions. 

All
data centers, including ours, are subject to various points of failure. Problems with cooling equipment, generators, uninterruptible
power supply, routers, switches, or other equipment, whether or not within our control, could result in service interruptions for our
customers as well as equipment damage. Any failure or downtime could affect a significant percentage of our customers. The destruction
or severe impairment of our data center facilities could result in significant downtime of our services and the loss of customer data. 

Our
ability to provide cloud-based communication services is dependent upon our physical and cloud-based infrastructure. While most of our
physical equipment required for providing these services is redundant in nature, certain types of failures or malfunctioning of critical
hardware/software equipment, including but not limited to fire, water or other physical damage may impact our ability to deliver continuous
service to our customers. Acts of God or terrorism or vandalism or negligence or gross negligence of person(s) currently or formerly
associated with us including failure to properly update and maintain infrastructure may result in loss of revenue, profitability, and
failure to retain and acquire new customers. 

Our
ability to recover from disasters or failures, if and when they occur, is paramount to offering continued service to our existing customers.
We maintain redundant physical infrastructure between our data centers in Newark, New Jersey and Somerset, New Jersey for disaster recovery.
We maintain a core site in a data center in S o Paulo, Brazil and telecommunications points of presence in multiple cities in
Brazil. We operate multiple server sites in data centers in Canada, running UCaaS software licensed from a third party. We also operate
servers in data centers in Hong Kong, London, and Spain. These network footprints do not guarantee continued reliability if a catastrophic
event occurs. Despite implementation of network security measures, our servers may be vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins, and
similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our computer systems including, but not limited to, denial of service attacks. In
addition, if there is a breach or alleged breach of security or privacy involving our services, including but not limited to data loss,
or if any third party undertakes illegal or harmful actions using our communications or e-commerce services, our business and reputation
could suffer substantial adverse publicity and impairment. We have experienced interruptions in service in the past. We have taken and
continue to take steps to improve our infrastructure to prevent service interruptions. 

In
addition to our physical infrastructure, we have a cloud infrastructure deployment with Amazon Web Services, or AWS, and Google Cloud
that supplements and extends our physical infrastructure. We utilize AWS and Google Cloud s high availability configurations
using multiple availability zones and we have services deployed in multiple AWS regions. However, we do not have cross region redundancy,
which means we cannot guarantee continued reliability if AWS or Google Cloud suffers a catastrophic event which disrupts a region in
which we have our services deployed. If there were a failure to respond quickly to problems, or such a catastrophic event were to occur,
our customers may experience service interruptions and we may suffer customer losses. 

Our
financial performance is subject to risks associated with changes in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies. 

Our
primary exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates relates to non U.S. dollar denominated revenues and operating
expenses. The strengthening of foreign currencies may increase our costs denominated in those currencies, thus adversely affecting our
earnings. The weakening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar adversely affects the U.S. dollar value of our foreign currency denominated
revenues and earnings and could lead us to raise international pricing, potentially reducing demand for our products and services. In
some circumstances, for competitive or other reasons, we may decide not to raise international pricing to offset the U.S. dollar s
strengthening, which would adversely affect the U.S. dollar value of our foreign currency denominated revenue and earnings. 

We
depend upon industry standard protocols and third-party software, including but not limited to open-source software. 

We
rely on non-proprietary third-party software, some of which may be open source. We may be subject to additional royalties, license or
trademark infringement costs or other unknown costs when one or more of these third-party technologies are affected or need to be replaced
due to end-of-support or end-of-sale of such third parties. 

24 

Certain
functions related to our business depend on a single supplier or small group of suppliers to carry out our business, and the inability
to do business with some or all of these suppliers could have a materially adverse effect on our business and financial results. 

If
the services of any of the single suppliers or small group of suppliers, including, without limitation, software from third-party service
providers used in certain of our products and services, that we depend on were unavailable, or available only in decreased capacity or
at less advantageous terms, this could result in interruptions to our ability to provide certain services, could cause reduction in service
and/or quality as the function is transitioned to an alternate provider, if an alternate provider is available, or could increase our
cost, which in the current competitive environment, we may not be able to pass along to customers. Accordingly, any of these events could
materially and negatively impact our business, our revenues, our profits, and our relationships with customers. 

Natural
or man-made disasters could have an adverse effect on our technological infrastructure, which could have a material adverse effect on
our results of operations and financial condition. 

Natural
disasters, terrorist acts, acts of war, cyberattacks or other breaches of network or information technology security may cause equipment
failures or disrupt our operations. Although we make significant efforts towards managing disaster
recovery and business continuity plans, our inability to operate our networks because of such events, even for a limited period
of time, may result in loss of revenue, significant expenses and/or loss of market share to other providers, which could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our
success depends in part upon our ability to provide customer service that effectively supports the needs of our customers. 

Providing
customer service effectively requires that our customer support personnel have industry-specific technical knowledge and expertise. Our
support personnel require extensive training on our products and services, which may make it difficult to scale up our support operations
rapidly or effectively. The importance of high-quality customer support will increase as we expand our business and pursue new customers.
If we do not help our customers quickly resolve post-implementation issues and provide effective ongoing support, our ability to sell
additional features and services to existing customers will suffer and our reputation may be harmed. 

Changes
to rates by our suppliers and increasing regulatory charges or tariffs may require us to raise prices, which could impact results. 

Our
upstream carriers, suppliers and vendors may increase their prices thus directly impacting our direct cost of revenues, which would affect
our earnings. Interconnected VoIP traffic may be subject to increased charges. Should this occur, the rates paid to our underlying carriers
may increase, which could reduce our profitability. Future changes in tariffs by regulatory agencies or application of tariff requirements
to currently un-tariffed products or services could affect the price and sales of our products for a certain set of customers. Changes
in our underlying direct costs of revenues may cause us to increase the rates we charge our customers, which could make us less competitive
and impact our sales and retention of existing customers. 

Our
customers, particularly our IDT Global customers, could experience financial difficulties, which could adversely affect our revenues
and profitability if we experience difficulties in collecting our receivables. 

As
a provider of international long-distance services, we depend upon sales of transmission and termination of traffic to other long-distance
providers and the collection of receivables from these customers. The wholesale telecommunications market continues to feature many smaller,
less financially stable companies. If weakness in the telecommunications industry or the global economy reduces our ability to collect
our accounts receivable from our major customers, particularly our wholesale customers, our profitability may be substantially reduced.
While our most significant customers, from a revenue perspective, vary from quarter to quarter, our five largest IDT Global customers
collectively accounted for 4.7 and 4.6 of our total revenues in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. Our IDT Global customers
with the five largest receivables balances collectively accounted for 1.6 and 12.2 of our total gross trade accounts receivable at
July 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. This concentration of revenues and receivables increases our exposure to non-payment by our larger
customers, and we may experience significant write-offs if any of our large customers fail to pay their outstanding balances, which could
adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 

25 

We
rely on highly skilled personnel and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, or maintain our
corporate culture, we may not be able to grow effectively. 

We
believe that our corporate culture fosters innovation, creativity, and teamwork. Our performance largely depends on the talents and efforts
of highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain
highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization, in particular our technology and software engineering organization. Competition
for qualified technology and engineering employees is intense and our compensation arrangements may not always be successful in attracting
new employees and retaining and motivating our existing employees. Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability
to attract new employees and to retain and motivate our existing employees. 

New
and existing technologies could affect our ability to track the results of ads and/or could block ads online, which would harm our business. 

A
significant portion of our revenues are derived from customers acquired in connection with the display of advertisements online. Technologies
have been developed to make tracking the results of our online advertisements more difficult or to block the display of advertisements
altogether and some providers of online services have integrated technologies that could potentially impair the core functionality of
third-party digital advertising. As a result, such technologies and tools could adversely affect our operating results. 

Our
business, results of operation and financial condition could be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and the restrictions put
in place in connection therewith. 

In
May 2023, the World Health Organization declared an end to COVID-19 as a public health emergency. As of the date of this Annual Report,
we continue to monitor the situation. 

We
responded to the global outbreak of COVID-19 by taking steps to mitigate the potential risks to us posed by its spread and the impact
of the restrictions put in place by governments to protect the population. We executed our business continuity plan and implemented a
comprehensive set of actions for the health and safety of our employees, customers, and business partners. Our employees transitioned
to work-from-home during the third quarter of fiscal 2020. Beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, our employees returned to
work in our offices on a hybrid basis. 

We
continue to implement strong physical and cyber-security measures to ensure our systems remain functional to both serve our operational
needs with a remote workforce and to provide uninterrupted service to our customers. 

If
the COVID-19 pandemic resurges and has a more significant impact than currently, our business, operations, and financial condition could
be impacted in more significant ways. We cannot predict with certainty the potential impact of COVID-19 if it re-invigorates on our results
of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. 

Our
international operations subject us to additional risks which could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial
condition. 

We
have attempted to control our operating expenses by utilizing lower-cost labor in foreign countries such as Belarus, Guatemala, and Israel
and we may in the future expand our reliance on offshore labor to other countries. Our employees in Belarus and Israel primarily help
develop, test, and maintain certain of our technology. Our labor source in Guatemala primarily performs certain call center, administrative,
and customer acquisition functions. We also have significant operations in Brazil, Uruguay, and Argentina as a result of net2phone s
growth. 

Countries
outside of the United States may be subject to relatively higher degrees of political and social instability and may lack the infrastructure
to withstand political unrest or natural disasters. The occurrence of natural disasters, pandemics such as COVID-19, or political or
economic instability in these countries could interfere with work performed by these labor sources or could result in our having to replace
or reduce these labor sources. If countries in which we operate experience civil or political unrest or acts of terrorism, especially
when such unrest leads to an unseating of the established government, our operations in such countries could be materially impaired.
Our vendors in other countries could potentially shut down suddenly for any reason, including financial problems or personnel issues.
Such disruptions could decrease efficiency, increase our costs, and have an adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 

The
practice of utilizing labor based in foreign countries has come under increased scrutiny in the United States. Governmental authorities
could seek to impose financial costs or restrictions on foreign companies providing services to customers or companies in the United
States. Governmental authorities may attempt to prohibit or otherwise discourage us from sourcing services from offshore labor. 

26 

The
FCPA and other applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations prohibit certain types of payments by our employees, vendors, and agents.
Any violation of the applicable anti-corruption laws or regulations by us, our subsidiaries or our local agents could expose us to significant
penalties, fines, settlements, costs, and consent orders that may curtail or restrict our business as it is currently conducted and could
have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

Weakness
of the United States dollar in relation to the currencies used in these foreign countries may also reduce the savings achievable through
this strategy and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Risks
Related to Our NRS Business 

Substantial
and increasingly intense competition in the POS industry may harm NRS business. 

NRS
competes in the POS market that is characterized by vigorous competition, changing technology, evolving industry standards, changing
customer needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. We expect competition to intensify in the future as existing
and new competitors introduce new services or enhance existing services. NRS competes against many companies to attract customers, and
some of these companies have greater financial resources and substantially larger bases of customers than NRS does, which may provide
them with significant competitive advantages. These companies may devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and sale of
products and services, may achieve economies of scale due to the size of their customer bases, and may more effectively introduce their
own innovative products and services that adversely impacts NRS growth. If some or all of NRS competitors focus additional
resources on our target markets, NRS growth may slow, or we may lose customers due to the competition. 

NRS
may also face pricing pressures from competitors, which may result in the need for NRS to alter the pricing that it offers and could
reduce our profitability. 

If
NRS fails to increase advertising on its platform, our business could be adversely affected. 

NRS 
strategy includes increasing its revenues from brand advertising. Brands may not do business with NRS or may reduce the amounts they
are willing to spend to advertise if NRS does not deliver ads, and other commercial content and marketing programs in an effective manner,
or if they do not believe that their investment in advertising with NRS will generate a competitive return relative to other alternatives.
NRS ability to increase the number of brands that use its brand advertising, and ultimately to generate advertising and marketing
services revenues, depends on a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control. If NRS fails to increase advertising on
its platform, our business could be adversely affected. 

The
long-term success of NRS depends on its ability to develop products and services to address the rapidly evolving market for POS products
and services, and, if it is not able to implement successful enhancements and new features for its products and services, our business
could be materially and adversely affected. 

NRS 
success will depend, in part, on its ability to develop new technologies and to adapt to technological changes and evolving industry
standards. New services and technologies may be superior to, impair, or render obsolete the POS products and services that NRS currently
offers or the technologies NRS currently uses to provide them. Incorporating new technologies into NRS POS products and services
may require substantial expenditures and take considerable time, and NRS may not be successful in realizing a return on these development
efforts in a timely manner or at all. NRS ability to develop new products and services may be inhibited by industry-wide standards,
existing and future laws and regulations, resistance to change from its customers, which includes NRS sellers and their buyers,
or third parties intellectual property rights. If NRS is unable to provide enhancements and new features for its products and
services or to develop new products and services that achieve market acceptance or that keep pace with rapid technological developments
and evolving industry standards, our business would be materially and adversely affected. 

Risks
Related to Our net2phone Business 

net2phone s
VoIP or cloud-based communications service competes against established well financed alternative voice communication providers (such
as Ring Central, 8x8 and Five9), who may provide comparable services at comparable or lower pricing. 

Pricing
in the telecommunications industry is very fluid and competitive. Price is often a substantial motivation factor in a customer s
decision to switch to net2phone s cloud-based communications products and services. net2phone s competitors may reduce their
rates, which may require it to reduce its rates, which would affect our revenues and profitability, or otherwise make our pricing non-competitive.
net2phone may be at a disadvantage compared with those competitors who have substantially greater resources than us or may otherwise
be better positioned to withstand an extended period of downward pricing pressure. 

27 

Many
of net2phone s current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, significantly greater resources and brand awareness,
and a larger base of customers than we have. As a result, these competitors may have greater credibility with net2phone s existing
and potential customers. net2phone s competitors may also offer bundled service arrangements that present a more differentiated
or better integrated product to customers. Announcements, or expectations, as to the introduction of new products and technologies by
net2phone s competitors or net2phone could cause customers to defer purchases of net2phone s existing products, which also
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results. 

net2phone
depends in part upon the capacity, reliability, and performance of several third-party providers and their network infrastructure, the
failure of which could cause delays or interruptions of net2phone s service and impact our revenue and profitability. 

net2phone
depends on several third-party providers to provide uninterrupted and error-free service to maintain its operations. net2phone does not
have control over these providers, and some of these providers are also its competitors. net2phone may be subject to interruptions or
delays in their service and its reputation and business may be harmed. The failure of any of these third party service providers to properly
maintain services may result in negative consequences to net2phone, including but not limited to: (i) a loss of customers, (ii) adverse
impact on its reputation, (iii) negative publicity, (iv) negative impact on its ability to acquire customers, (v) negative impact on
its revenue and profitability, (vi) potential law suits for not reaching emergency E-911 services, and (vii) potential law suits for
loss of business and loss of reputation. These third-party providers include but are not limited to: 4PSA, an opensource, Kamilio-based
platform provider based in Romania and NetSapiens Inc. based in San Diego, CA. 4PSA is net2phone s current communications platform
in most of South America and continues to serve as a legacy platform for a smaller percentage of customers in the U.S. NetSapiens is
net2phone s current platform for its customers in Canada. 

Internet
Bandwidth Providers. net2phone s cloud-based communications service requires its customers to have an operative broadband Internet
connection and an electrical power supply, which are provided by the customer s broadband Internet service provider and electric
utility company and not by net2phone. The quality of some broadband Internet connections may be too poor for customers to use net2phone s
services properly. In addition, if there is any interruption to a customer s broadband Internet service or electrical power supply,
that customer will be unable to make or receive calls, including emergency calls, using net2phone s service. In addition, Internet
backbone providers may be able to block, degrade or charge for access to, or the bandwidth use of certain of net2phone s products
and services which could have a negative effect on its services and could lead to additional expenses and the loss of users. Further,
customers who access net2phone s mobile application (or future applications) through their smartphones must have a high-speed connection
to use its services. This access is provided by companies that have significant and increasing market power in the broadband and Internet
access marketplace and some of these providers offer products and services that directly compete with net2phone s offerings, which
give them a significant competitive advantage. 

Tier
1 and non-Tier 1 Telecom suppliers for Telecom Origination and Termination Services. net2phone depends on these companies to provide
telecom services, sourcing of DID, porting of numbers, and delivering telephone calls from and to endpoints and devices on our network.
If net2phone fails to maintain reliable connectivity or performance with its upstream carriers it could significantly reduce customer
demand for its services and damage its business. 

E-911
and other emergency service providers . net2phone maintains an agreement with an E-911 provider to assist it in routing and terminating
emergency calls directly to an emergency service dispatcher at the public-safety answering point, or PSAP, in the area of the customer s
registered location. net2phone also contract with a provider for the national call center that operates 24 hours a day, seven days a
week to receive certain emergency calls and with several companies that maintain PSAP databases for the purpose of deploying and operating
E-911 services. The dispatcher will have automatic access to the customer s telephone number and registered location information.
If a customer moves their service to a new location, the customer s registered location information must be updated and verified
by the customer. Until that takes place, the customer will have to verbally advise the emergency dispatcher of his or her actual location
at the time of an E-911 call. This can lead to delays in the delivery of emergency services. Interruptions in service from these vendors
could also cause failures in net2phone s customers access to E-911 services and expose it to liability. 

Local
number portability providers. net2phone has agreements with companies that initiate its local number portability, which allows new
customers to retain their existing telephone numbers when subscribing to its services. net2phone needs to work with these companies to
properly port numbers. The failure to port numbers may cause net2phone to lose customers. 

28 

net2phone
faces risks from the outsourcing of the manufacturing of its desktop telephones desktop devices ). 

net2phone
primarily sells Polycom, Yealink and Grandstream-branded desktop devices, although, it supports other third-party devices as well. These
desktop devices are being manufactured by vendors in China. Recent supply-chain challenges in China and global ramifications of supply-chain
difficulties, the U.S. trade war with China, including trade protection measures such as tariffs, and the effects of any new wave of
COVID-19 infections or another pandemic may cause disruptions in obtaining its desktop devices. This may increase pricing, slow delivery
times or may force net2phone to find another third-party manufacturer of its branded desktop devices. 

net2phone
targets sales to small, mid-market and enterprise customers. Not properly managing these customers could negatively affect our business,
cash flow and operations. 

A
substantial percentage of net2phone s revenues comes from small and medium-sized businesses. These customers may be more adversely
affected by economic downturns than larger, more established businesses. The majority of net2phone s customers pay for subscriptions
with credit cards. Weakness in certain segments of the credit markets in the U.S. and global economies may result in increased numbers
of rejected credit and debit card payments, which could negatively affect net2phone s business. If small and medium-sized businesses
experience financial hardship because of a weakening economy, industry consolidation, or any other reason, the overall demand for net2phone s
products and services could be materially and adversely affected. 

Selling
to larger enterprise customers also contains inherent risks and uncertainties. The loss of a key customer or the failure of some of them
to renew or to continue to recommend net2phone s products may have a material negative impact on its results. net2phone has a limited
history of selling its services to larger businesses and may experience challenges in configuring and providing ongoing support for the
products it sells to large customers. Larger customers networks are often more complex than those of smaller customers, and the
configuration of services for these customers usually requires customer assistance. There is no guarantee that the customer will make
available to net2phone the necessary personnel and other resources for a successful configuration of services. Lack of assistance from
the customers or lack of local resources may prevent net2phone from properly configuring its services for these customers, which can
in turn adversely impact the quality of services that it delivers over its customers networks, and/or may result in delays in
the implementation of its services and impact the quality and ability to continue to provide the services. This could also create a public
perception that net2phone is unable to deliver high quality service to its customers, which could harm its reputation. In addition to
the foregoing, larger customers tend to require higher levels of customer service and individual attention, which may increase net2phone s
costs for implementing and delivering services. 

If
net2phone s existing customers terminate their subscriptions or reduce their subscriptions and related usage, its revenues and
earnings will be harmed, and we will be required to spend more money to grow net2phone s customer base. 

net2phone
expects to continue to derive a significant portion of its revenues from existing customers. As a result, retaining its existing customers
is critical to its future operating results. net2phone offers monthly, annual and multiple-year contracts to its customers, generally
with 30 days notice required for reductions in the number of seats. Increases in the number of seats can be provisioned almost
immediately. 

Subscriptions
and related usage by existing customers may decrease if: 

customers
 are not satisfied with the services, prices or the functionality of net2phone s products; 

the
 stability, performance or security of net2phone s products are not satisfactory; 

the
 U.S. or global economy declines; 

net2phone s
 customers business or demand for net2phone s services declines due to industry cycles, seasonality, business difficulties
 or other reasons, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; 

customers
 favor products offered by other providers, particularly as competition continues to increase; 

alternative
 technologies, products or features emerge or gain popularity that net2phone does not provide; 

net2phone s
 customers or potential customers experience financial difficulties; or 

fewer
 customers purchase services from net2phone. 

If
net2phone s existing customers subscriptions and related usage decrease or are terminated, net2phone will need to spend
more money to acquire new customers and still may not be able to maintain its existing level of revenues. net2phone incurs significant
costs and expenses, including sales and marketing expenses, to acquire new customers, and those costs and expenses are an important factor
in determining our profitability. There can be no assurance that net2phone s efforts to acquire new customers will be successful. 

29 

net2phone
must acquire new customers on an ongoing basis to maintain and increase its customers and revenues while the significant costs to acquire
new customers may hinder profitability. 

net2phone
will have to acquire new customers to increase revenues. net2phone incurs significant costs to acquire new customers, and those costs
are an important factor in determining our profitability. Therefore, if net2phone is unsuccessful in retaining customers or is required
to spend significant amounts to acquire new customers, its revenue and or profits would decrease, which would negatively affect profitability.
Sales and marketing expenditures are an ongoing requirement of net2phone s business as it strives to acquire more new customers. 

net2phone s
customer churn rate may increase in future periods, which may adversely impact its revenue or require it to spend more money to grow
its customer base. 

net2phone s
customers generally have initial service periods of between two and three years and may discontinue their subscriptions for services
after the expiration of their initial subscription period. In addition, net2phone s customers may renew for lower subscription
amounts or for shorter contract lengths. net2phone may not accurately predict cancellation rates for its customers. net2phone s
cancellation rates may increase or fluctuate because of several factors, including customer needs, pricing changes, number of applications
used by its customers, customer satisfaction with its service, the acquisition of net2phone s customers by other companies, and
deteriorating general economic conditions. If net2phone s customers do not renew their subscriptions for its service or decrease
the amount they spend with net2phone, its revenue will decline, and our business will suffer. 

net2phone
may not be able to scale its business efficiently or quickly enough to meet its customers growing needs, in which case our operating
results could be harmed. 

As
usage of net2phone s cloud-based communications services by mid-market and larger distributed enterprises expands and as customers
continue to integrate its services across their enterprises, net2phone is required to devote additional resources to improving its application
architecture, integrating net2phone s products and applications across our technology platform as well as expanding integration
and performance. net2phone will need to appropriately scale its internal business systems and services organization, including its onboarding
and customer support services to serve a growing customer base. Any failure of or delay in these efforts could impair net2phone s
systems performance and reduce customer satisfaction, which could result in decreased sales to new customers and lower renewal
rates by existing customers and eventually hurt net2phone s revenue growth and its reputation. We cannot guarantee that the expansion
and improvements to our infrastructure and systems will be fully or effectively implemented on a timely basis, if at all, which failure
may reduce our revenue and earnings and adversely impact our financial results. 

net2phone
may not realize the anticipated benefits of its acquisition of Integra s CCaaS business. 

On
March 3, 2022, net2phone purchased all of the outstanding shares of Onwaba S.R.L. and Gem S.R.L. Onwaba S.R.L. and Gem S.R.L. are located
in Uruguay and use the trade name Integra. Integra provides cloud-based CCaaS in the Americas and Europe. 

The
success of the acquisition of Integra will depend, in part, on net2phone s ability to provide its customers and channel partners
with a robust stand-alone contact center solution or an intelligently integrated UCaaS and CCaaS solution. The target market for the
Integra CCaaS solution is two-fold: (i) businesses and other entities with embedded service and support centers; and (ii) contact centers
/ BPO providers. Consistent with businesses across the globe that have been moving their on-premise phone systems to the cloud, these
service and support centers and contact centers are migrating in a similar fashion, propelled by the growing hybrid and remote work environments.
The Integra CCaaS platform is layered with a development surface which allows for custom deployments and sophisticated work force management,
where the solution is tailored to the center s work-flow requirements. This customization will provide for an additional layer
of stickiness, which is expected to translate into longer term service periods with the end user. For this reason, we also expect to
see increased stickiness with our current and future UCaaS customers that bundle CCaaS into their product suite. We also expect this
solution set to open for us a whole new segment of channel partners that specifically target CCaaS audiences. Our capacity to realize
these anticipated benefits is subject to certain risks, including, among others, our ability to successfully integrate the CCaaS business,
and the risk that the CCaaS business will not perform as expected. 

If
we are not able to successfully integrate Integra s CCaaS business within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the anticipated
synergies, operational efficiencies and other benefits of the acquisition may not be realized fully or may take longer to realize than
expected, and we may not perform as expected. 

30 

Integrating
Integra s CCaaS business may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected. 

There
can be no assurances that Integra s CCaaS business can be integrated successfully. It is possible that the integration process
could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of net2phone s ongoing UCaaS business or unexpected integration issues,
such as higher than expected integration costs and an overall post-completion integration process that takes longer than originally anticipated.
Specifically, issues that must be addressed in integrating the operations of Integra in order to realize the anticipated benefits of
the acquisition, so net2phone performs as expected include, among others: 

integrating
 the companies technologies, products and services; 

harmonizing
 the companies operating practices, employee development, compensation and benefit programs, internal controls and other policies,
 procedures and processes; 

attracting
 and recruiting prospective employees; 

maintaining
 existing agreements with customers and vendors and avoiding delays in entering into new agreements with prospective customers and
 vendors; and 

coordinating
 and servicing geographically dispersed organizations. 

Risks
Related to Our Traditional Communications Segment 

Each
of our BOSS Revolution Calling and IDT Global businesses is highly sensitive to declining prices, which may adversely affect our revenues
and profitability. 

The
worldwide telecommunications industry is characterized by intense price competition, which has resulted in declines in both our average
per-minute price realizations and our average per-minute termination costs. Many of our competitors continue to aggressively price their
services or offer them for free. The intense competition has led to continued erosion in our pricing power, in both our retail and wholesale
markets, and we have generally had to pass along all or some of the savings we achieve on our per-minute costs to our customers in the
form of lower prices. In the case of some international calling locations, when average per minute termination cost decline to a nominal
amount, indirect competitors, such as wireless carriers, may include calls to those locations at no extra cost, which increases our risk
of losing customers. Any price increase by either our BOSS Revolution Calling, or IDT Global business may result in our prices becoming
less attractive to customers, which may result in a reduction of revenue. If these trends in pricing continue or accelerate, it could
have a material adverse effect on the revenues generated by our BOSS Revolution Calling and IDT Global businesses and/or our profitability. 

We
may not be able to obtain sufficient or cost-effective termination capacity to particular destinations, which could adversely affect
our revenues and profits. 

Most
of our telecommunications traffic is terminated through third-party providers. In order to support our minutes of use demands
and geographic footprint, we may need to obtain additional termination capacity or destinations. We may not be able to obtain sufficient
termination capacity from high-quality carriers to particular destinations or may have to pay significant amounts to obtain such capacity.
This could result in our not being able to support our minutes of use demands or in higher cost-per-minute to particular destinations,
which could adversely affect our revenues and profits. 

The
termination of our carrier agreements with partners or our inability to enter into carrier agreements in the future could materially
and adversely affect our ability to compete, which could reduce our revenues and profits. 

We
rely upon our carrier agreements with partners to provide our telecommunications services to our customers. These carrier agreements
are for finite terms and, therefore, there can be no guarantee that these agreements will be renewed at all or on favorable terms to
us. Our ability to compete would be adversely affected if our carrier agreements were terminated or we were unable to enter into carrier
agreements in the future to provide our telecommunications services to our customers, which could result in a reduction of our revenues
and profits. 

Risk
Related to Our Financial Condition 

We
hold cash, cash equivalents, debt securities and equity investments that are subject to various market risks. 

At
July 31, 2023, we had cash, cash equivalents, debt securities, and current equity investments of 152.2 million. Debt securities and
equity investments carry a degree of risk, as there can be no assurance that we can redeem them at any time and that our investment managers
will be able to accurately predict the course of price movements and, in general, the securities markets have in recent years been characterized
by great volatility and unpredictability. As a result of these different market risks, our holdings of cash, cash equivalents, debt securities,
and equity investments could be materially and adversely affected. 

31 

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial
results, and current and potential stockholders may lose confidence in our financial reporting which could have a negative effect on
the trading price of our stock. 

We
are required by the Securities and Exchange Commission to establish and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting that
provides reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. We are likewise required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness
of our internal controls and to disclose any changes and material weaknesses in those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

We
cannot be certain that we will continue to maintain an effective system of internal control over our financial reporting in future periods.
Any failure to maintain such internal controls could adversely impact our ability to report our financial results on a timely and accurate
basis. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our operations. Likewise, if
our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis as required by the Securities and Exchange Commission and The New York Stock
Exchange, we could face severe consequences from those authorities. In either case, there could be a material adverse effect on our business.
Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative
effect on the trading price of our stock. 

Intellectual
Property, Tax, Regulatory, and Litigation Risks 

We
provide communications and payment services to consumers and are therefore subject to various federal and state laws and regulations. 

As
a provider of communications and payment services to consumers, such as BOSS Revolution Calling or BOSS Money, we are subject to various
federal and state laws and regulations relating to the manner in which we advertise our services, describe and present the terms of our
services, and communicate with our customers and consumers in general. Compliance with these laws requires us to be constantly vigilant
as they often vary from state to state. Failure to comply with these laws could result in action being taken by federal and state agencies
or offices responsible for consumer protection, like the Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, which could have a materially adverse effect
on our results of operations, financial condition, revenues, and profits. 

We
may be adversely affected if we fail to protect our proprietary technology. 

We
depend on proprietary technology and other intellectual property rights in conducting our various business operations. We rely on a combination
of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secret protection, and contractual rights to establish and protect our proprietary rights.
Circumstances outside our control could pose a threat to our intellectual property rights. For example, effective intellectual property
protection may not be available in every country in which our products and services are distributed. Also, the efforts we have taken
to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective enough. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property
rights could harm our business or our ability to compete. Also, protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming.
Any increase in the unauthorized use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business and harm our operating
results. Failure of our patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secret protection, non-disclosure agreements and other measures to
provide protection of our technology and our intellectual property rights could enable our competitors to compete with us more effectively
and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Rapid,
significant, and disruptive technological changes impact the industries in which we operate, and we expect new services and technologies
to continue to emerge and evolve. We cannot predict the effects of technological changes on our businesses. Developing and incorporating
new technologies into our products and services may require significant investment, take considerable time, and ultimately may not be
successful. 

In
addition, we may be required to litigate in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to
determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others, or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. Any
such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, or results of operations, and there can be no assurances that we will be successful in any such litigation. 

32 

We
may be subject to claims of infringement of intellectual property rights of others, which could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations, financial condition, revenues, and profits. 

Companies
in the telecommunications industry and other industries in which we compete own large numbers of patents, copyrights and trademarks and
frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. As we face
increasing competition, the possibility of intellectual property claims against us grows. Although we do not believe that we infringe
upon the intellectual property rights of others, our technologies may not be able to withstand any third-party claims or rights against
their use. From time to time, we may be subject to claims and legal proceedings from third parties regarding alleged infringement by
us of trademarks, copyrights, patents, and other intellectual property rights. Such lawsuits can be expensive and time-consuming and
could distract us and our management from focusing on our businesses. Further, the loss of such lawsuits could result in financial burdens
and the requirement to modify our modes of operation, which could materially adversely affect our business. 

We
are subject to tax and regulatory audits which could result in the imposition of liabilities that may or may not have been reserved. 

We
are subject to audits by taxing and regulatory authorities with respect to certain of our income and operations. These audits can cover
periods for several years prior to the date the audit is undertaken and could result in the imposition of liabilities, interest, and
penalties if our positions are not accepted by the auditing entity. 

Our
2017 FCC Form 499-A, which reports our calendar year 2016 revenue was audited by the Universal Service Administrative Company, or USAC.
The Internal Audit Division of USAC issued preliminary audit findings and, in accordance with USAC s audit procedures, we appealed
certain of the findings. USAC issued a final decision, and the final decision overturned one of the initial findings but left the remaining
initial findings in place. The reversal will result in the elimination of a 1.8 million charge by the Universal Service Fund. The final
decision upheld the imposition of a 2.9 million charge to the Federal Telecommunications Relay Service, or TRS, Fund. We have appealed
the USAC s final decision to the FCC. As of July 31, 2023, our accrued expenses included 26.8 million for FCC-related regulatory
fees for the year covered by the audit, as well as prior and subsequent years. If we do not properly calculate, or have not properly
calculated, the amount payable by us to the FCC, we may be subject to interest and penalties. 

We
are subject to value added tax, or VAT, audits from time-to-time in various jurisdictions. In the conduct of such audits, we may be required
to disclose information of a sensitive nature and, in general, to modify the way we have conducted business with our distributors until
the present, which may affect our business in an adverse manner. 

We
are also subject to audits in various jurisdictions for various other taxes, including utility excise tax, sales and use tax, communications
services tax, gross receipts tax, and property tax. 

Our
business is subject to strict regulation under federal law regarding anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing. Failure to comply
with such laws, or abuse of our programs for purposes of money laundering or terrorist financing, could have a material adverse impact
on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

Provisions
of the USA PATRIOT Act, the Bank Secrecy Act and other federal laws impose substantial regulations on financial institutions that are
designed to prevent money laundering and the financing of terrorist organizations. Increasing regulatory scrutiny of our industry with
respect to money laundering and terrorist financing matters could result in more aggressive enforcement of these laws or the enactment
of more onerous regulation, which could have a material adverse impact on our business. In addition, abuse of our money transfer services
or prepaid card programs for purposes of money laundering or terrorist financing, notwithstanding our efforts to prevent such abuse through
our regulatory compliance and risk management programs, could cause reputational or other harm that would have a material adverse impact
on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

Our
business is subject to a wide range of laws and regulations intended to help detect and prevent illegal or illicit activity and our failure,
or the failure of one of our disbursement partners or payment processors to comply with those laws and regulations could harm our business,
financial condition, and operating results. 

Our
BOSS Money and network branded prepaid card services are subject to a strict set of legal and regulatory requirements intended to help
detect and prevent money laundering, terrorist financing, fraud, and other illicit activity. The interpretation of those requirements
by judges, regulatory bodies and enforcement agencies is changing, often quickly and with little notice. Economic and trade sanctions
programs that are administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC, prohibit or restrict
transactions to or from or dealings with specified countries, their governments, and in certain circumstances, with individuals and entities
that are specially designated nationals of those countries, narcotics traffickers and terrorists or terrorist organizations. As federal,
state, and foreign legislative regulatory scrutiny and enforcement action in these areas increase, we expect our costs to comply with
these requirements will increase, perhaps substantially. Failure to comply with any of these requirements by us, our regulated retailers
or our disbursement partners could result in the suspension or revocation of a money transmitter license, the limitation, suspension
or termination of our services, the seizure and/or forfeiture of our assets and/or the imposition of civil and criminal penalties, including
fines. 

33 

Furthermore,
failure by us or our agents to comply with applicable laws and regulations could also result in termination of contracts with our banks
and/or merchant payment processors. Termination of services by one of our retail banks would seriously diminish our ability to collect
funds from our BOSS Revolution agents. Likewise, termination of services by our merchant processor would negatively impact our ability
to process payments in our digital channels. 

The
foregoing laws and regulations are constantly evolving, unclear, and inconsistent across various jurisdictions, making compliance challenging.
If we fail to update our compliance system to reflect legislative or regulatory developments, we could incur penalties. New legislation,
changes in laws or regulations, implementing rules and regulations, litigation, court rulings, changes in industry practices or standards,
changes in systems rules or requirements or other similar events could expose us to increased compliance costs, liability, reputational
damage, and could reduce the market value of our BOSS Money and network branded prepaid card services or render them less profitable
or obsolete. 

The
Dodd-Frank Act, as well as the regulations required by the Dodd-Frank Act and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau could harm us
and the scope of our activities, and could harm our operations, results of operations, and financial condition. 

The
Dodd-Frank Act, which became law in the United States on July 21, 2010, calls for significant structural reforms and substantive regulation
across the financial services industry. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB, whose
purpose is to issue and enforce consumer protection initiatives governing financial products and services, including money transfer services. 

We
may be subject to examination by the CFPB, which has broad authority to enforce consumer financial laws. The CFPB has a large budget
and staff and has broad authority with respect to our money transfer service and related business. It is authorized to collect fines
and provide consumer restitution in the event of violations, engage in consumer financial education, track consumer complaints, request
data, and promote the availability of financial services to underserved consumers and communities. In addition, the CFPB may adopt other
regulations governing consumer financial services, including regulations defining unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices, and
new model disclosures. The CFPB s authority to change regulations adopted in the past by other regulators, or to rescind or alter
past regulatory guidance, could increase our compliance costs and litigation exposure. 

The
Dodd-Frank Act establishes a Financial Stability Oversight Counsel that is authorized to designate as systemically important 
non-bank financial companies and payment systems. Companies designated under either standard will become subject to new regulation and
regulatory supervision. If we were designated under either standard, the additional regulatory and supervisory requirements could result
in costly new compliance burdens or may require changes in the way we conduct business that could harm our business, financial condition,
and operating results. 

We
are subject to licensing and other requirements imposed by U.S. state regulators, and the U.S. federal government. If we were found to
be subject to or in violation of any laws or regulations governing money transmitters, we could lose our licenses, be subject to liability
or be forced to change our business practices, which could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

A
number of states and territories have enacted legislation regulating money transmitters, with 49 states requiring a license as of July
31, 2023. At July 31, 2023, we had obtained licenses to operate as a money transmitter in 48 U.S. states and Washington, D.C. We are
also registered as money services businesses with the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, or
FinCEN. As a licensed money transmitter, we are subject to bonding requirements, liquidity requirements, restrictions on our investment
of customer funds, reporting requirements, and inspection by state and foreign regulatory agencies. If we were found to be subject to
and in violation of any banking or money services laws or regulations, we could be subject to liability or additional restrictions, such
as increased liquidity requirements. In addition, our licenses could be revoked, or we could be forced to cease doing business or change
our practices in certain states or jurisdictions or be required to obtain additional licenses or regulatory approvals that could impose
a substantial cost on us. Regulators could also impose other regulatory orders and sanctions on us. Any change to our business practices
that makes our service less attractive to customers or prohibits use of our services by residents of a particular jurisdiction could
decrease our transaction volume and harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

34 

Our
disbursement partners generally are regulated institutions in their home jurisdiction, and money transfers are regulated by governments
in both the United States and in the jurisdiction of the recipient. If our disbursement partners fail to comply with applicable laws,
it could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Money
transfers are regulated by state, federal and foreign governments. Many of our disbursement partners are banks that are heavily regulated
by their home jurisdictions. Our non-bank disbursement partners are also subject to money transfer regulations. We require regulatory
compliance as a condition to our continued relationship, perform due diligence on our disbursement partners, and monitor them periodically
with the goal of meeting regulatory expectations. However, there are limits to the extent to which we can monitor their regulatory compliance.
Any determination that our disbursement partners or their sub-disbursement partners have violated laws and regulations could seriously
damage our reputation, resulting in diminished revenue and profit and increased operating costs. While our services are not directly
regulated by governments outside the United States, except with respect to IDT Financial Services Limited, or IDTFS, our Gibraltar-based
bank as discussed below, it is possible that in some cases we could be liable for the failure of our disbursement partners or their sub-disbursement
partners to comply with laws, which also could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

IDTFS
is regulated by the Gibraltar Financial Services Commission, or FSC, and, as such, is subject to Gibraltarian and EU laws relating to
financial institutions. As an issuer of prepaid debit cards for programs operated by other entities, commonly known as program managers,
IDTFS is responsible, inter alia, for anti-money laundering laws oversight and compliance. If we were to fail to implement the requisite
controls or follow the rules and procedures mandated by the FSC and applicable law, we could be subject to regulatory fines, and even
the loss of our banking license. 

We
receive, store, process, and use personal information and other data, which subjects us to governmental regulation and other legal obligations
related to privacy. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business, financial condition, and
results of operations. 

We
receive, store, and process personal information and other customer data, including bank account numbers, credit and debit card information,
identification numbers, and images of government identification cards. As a result, we are required to comply with the privacy provisions
of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999, or the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, or PCI DSS.
There are also numerous other federal, state, local, and international laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA and
the EU s General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, regarding privacy and the storing, sharing, use, processing, disclosure,
and protection of personal information and other customer data, the scope of which are changing, subject to differing interpretations,
and may be inconsistent among different jurisdictions or conflict with other applicable rules. It is possible that these obligations
may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or
our business practices. 

Additionally,
with advances in computer capabilities and data protection requirements to address ongoing threats, we may be required to expend significant
capital and other resources to protect against potential security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by security breaches. 

Any
failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies, our privacy-related obligations to customers or other third parties,
or our privacy-related legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of personally
identifiable information or other customer data, may result in governmental enforcement actions, fines, or litigation. If there is a
breach of credit or debit card information that we store, we could also be liable to the issuing banks for their cost of issuing new
cards and related expenses. In addition, a significant breach could result in our being prohibited from processing transactions for any
of the relevant network organizations, such as Visa or MasterCard, which would harm our business. If any third parties with whom we work,
such as marketing partners, vendors, or developers, violate applicable laws or our policies, such violations may put our customers 
information at risk and could harm our business. Any negative publicity arising out of a data breach or failure to comply with applicable
privacy requirements could damage our reputation and cause our customers to lose trust in us, which could harm our business, results
of operations, financial position, and potential for growth. 

We
may be harmed by certain imminent FCC Orders and rules that effect the telecommunications marketplace. 

In
the Telephone Robocall Abuse Criminal Enforcement and Deterrence, or TRACED, Act, Congress gave the FCC new tools to fight unwanted,
and often illegal, robocalls, the top consumer complaint reported to the FCC annually. The
TRACED Act required the FCC to mandate the STIR/SHAKEN caller identification framework. STIR/SHAKEN enables phone companies to verify
that the caller ID information transmitted with a call matches the caller s real phone number. The FCC has issued a series of Orders
and adopted several rules to implement the TRACED Act. For example, by June 30, 2021, many domestic and foreign carriers were required
to register with the FCC specifically for TRACED Act compliance. Initially, the FCC concluded that by September 28, 2021, we and other
similarly situated carriers would not be able to accept certain IP-based telecommunications traffic from foreign and domestic carrier
partners unless those carriers were registered with the FCC. However, the FCC temporarily suspended this obligation while it reconsiders
its impact. We believe the FCC will eventually reinstate the rule or implement a new rule that will have a comparable impact upon us
and the industry as a whole. We also believe the FCC will continue to address and refine its rules in this area. Of equal importance,
carriers such as us have the right to sign their traffic, effectively attesting that the traffic they are transmitting
is not illegal robocalls. 

35 

The
FCC s rules present several concerns to all carriers. Notably, the rules extend to many foreign carriers, and it is unclear whether
foreign carriers will be sufficiently educated and experienced to implement U.S. rules and regulations. Foreign carrier compliance, or
the lack thereof, could impact U.S. carriers as they seek to meet their own regulatory obligations. There may also be changes in the
marketplace as foreign carriers may look to limit U.S. carrier partners to whom they transmit calls for termination in the U.S. that
are subject to the STIR/SHAKEN rules. 

In
Canada, the Canadian Radio-Television and Telecommunications Commission, or CRTC is implementing near-identical STIR/SHAKEN rules as
the FCC is implementing in the U.S. although it is not apparent whether the CRTC will punish service providers who fail to meet their
obligations with the zealousness of the FCC. We expect that additional national communications regulators will implement similar, if
not identical, STIR/SHAKEN legislation. 

We
anticipate meeting our regulatory obligations under the STIR/SHAKEN rules and we are undertaking efforts to prevent us from being harmed
by potential changes in the marketplace. Nevertheless, the FCC s rules allow for the possibility that well-prepared carriers with
anti-robocalling procedures in place may fail and be punished for their failure, despite their best efforts. Moreover, because the STIR/SHAKEN
rules may have a significant impact on the telecommunications marketplace, it is difficult to predict their outcome. We are prepared
for the implementation of STIR/SHAKEN but are concerned about its impact on the market as a whole and on us specifically. 

Federal
and state regulations may be passed that could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
ability to provide VoIP communications services at attractive rates arises in large part from the fact that VoIP services are not currently
subject to the same level of regulation as traditional, switch-based telephony. The use of the Internet and private IP networks to provide
voice communications services is largely unregulated within the United States, although several foreign governments have adopted laws
and/or regulations that could restrict or prohibit the provision of voice communications services over the Internet or private IP networks.
In the United States, the California PUC has initiated a proceeding under which we believe the PUC will expand its authority to regulate
interconnected VOIP. Other states are expected to follow the California PUC s lead. If interconnected VoIP services become subject
to state regulation and/or additional regulation by the FCC, such regulation will likely lead to higher costs and reduce or eliminate
the competitive advantage interconnected VoIP holds over traditional telecommunications services by virtue of its lesser regulatory oversight.
More aggressive regulation of the Internet in general, and Internet telephony providers and services specifically, may materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
ability to offer services outside of the United States is subject to the local regulatory environment, which may be unfavorable, complicated,
and often uncertain. 

Regulatory
treatment outside the United States varies from country to country. We distribute our products and services through resellers that may
be subject to telecommunications regulations in their home countries. The failure of these resellers to comply with these laws and regulations
could reduce our revenue and profitability or expose us to audits and other regulatory proceedings. Regulatory developments such as these
could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

In
many countries in which we operate, or our services are sold, the status of the laws that may relate to our services is unclear. We cannot
be certain that our customers, resellers, or other affiliates are currently in compliance with regulatory or other legal requirements
in their respective countries, that they or we will be able to comply with existing or future requirements, and/or that they or we will
continue in compliance with any requirements. Our failure or the failure of those with whom we transact business to comply with these
requirements could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

While
we expect additional regulation of our industry in some or all of these areas, and we expect continuing changes in the regulatory environment
as new and proposed regulations are reviewed, revised and amended, we cannot predict with certainty what impact new laws in these areas
will have on us, if any. 

36 

net2phone s
VoIP services are subject to regulation in the United States and Canada. Future legislative, regulatory, or judicial actions could adversely
affect net2phone s business and expose it to liability and limit its growth potential. 

The
United States and Canada have applied some traditional telephone company regulations to VoIP and continue to evaluate how VoIP should
be regulated, as are other countries as we expand globally. The effects of future regulatory developments are uncertain. At the federal
level in the United States, the FCC has imposed certain telecommunications regulations on VoIP services including, but not limited to: 

Requirements
 to provide E-911 service; 

Communications
 Assistance for Law Enforcement Act obligations; 

Obligation
 to support Universal Service; 

Customer
 Proprietary Network Information, or CPNI, requirements; 

Disability
 access obligations; 

Local
 Number Portability requirements; and 

Consumer
 protection, including protection from unwanted telemarketing and other calls. 

In
Canada, the CRTC regulates VoIP Service. These regulated services are similar to those regulated in the United States discussed above.
We are subject to a variety of other federal, state and international laws and regulations as well as oversight from a variety of governmental
agencies and public service commissions. The laws governing our business may change in ways that harm our business. Federal, state, or
international governmental agencies administering and enforcing such laws may also choose to interpret and apply them in ways that harm
our business. These interpretations are also subject to change. Regulatory action could materially impair or force us to change our business
model and may adversely affect our revenue, increase our compliance costs, and reduce our profitability. In addition, governmental agencies
such as the Securities and Exchange Commission, Internal Revenue Service, FTC, FCC, and state taxing authorities may conclude that we
have violated federal laws, state laws or other rules and regulations, and we could be subject to fines, penalties or other actions that
could adversely impact our financial results or our ability to conduct business. 

We
are subject to legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business that may have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations, cash flows, or financial condition. 

Various
legal proceedings that have arisen or may arise in the ordinary course of business have not been finally adjudicated, which may have
a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition (see Note 23 to our Consolidated Financial
Statements in Item 8 to Part II of this Annual Report). 

Our
telecommunications services are required to comply with industry standards, FCC regulations, privacy laws as well as certain state and
local jurisdiction specific regulations. Failure to comply with existing laws and any new laws that may become applicable to us may subject
us to penalties, increase our operation costs, and may also require us to modify existing products and/or service. 

The
acceptance of telecommunications services is dependent upon our meeting certain industry standards. We are required to comply with certain
rules and regulations of the FCC regarding safety standards. Standards are continuously being modified and replaced. As standards evolve,
we may be required to modify our existing products or develop and support new versions of our products. We must comply with certain federal,
state, and local requirements regarding how we interact with our customers, including marketing practices, consumer protection, privacy,
and billing issues, the provision of emergency 911 service, and the quality of service we provide to our customers. The failure of our
products and services to comply, or delays in compliance with various existing and evolving standards could delay future offerings and
impact our revenues and profitability. Changes to the Universal Service Fund by the FCC or various state Universal Service Funds may
require us to increase our costs which could negatively affect revenue and profitability. 

We
are subject to Federal laws and FCC regulations that require us to protect customer information. While we have protections in place to
protect customer information there is no assurance that our systems will not be subject to failure or intentional fraudulent attack.
The failure to protect required information could subject us to penalties and diminish the confidence our customers have in our systems,
which could negatively affect results. While we try to comply with all applicable data protection laws, regulations, standards, and codes
of conduct, as well as our own posted privacy policies and contractual commitments to the extent possible, any failure by us to protect
our customers privacy and data, including as a result of our systems being compromised by hacking or other malicious or surreptitious
activity, could result in a loss of customer confidence in our services and ultimately in a loss of customers, which could materially
and adversely affect our business as well as subject us to law suits, civil fines and criminal penalties. 

37 

Governmental
entities, class action lawyers, and consumer advocates are reviewing the data collection and use by companies that must maintain such
data. Our own requirements as well as regulatory codes of conduct, enforcement actions by regulatory agencies, and lawsuits by other
parties could impose additional compliance costs on us as well as subject us to unknown potential liabilities. These evolving laws, rules,
and practices may also curtail our current business activities, which may delay or affect our ability to become profitable as well as
affect customers and other business opportunities. 

In
addition, several foreign countries and governmental bodies, including the EU, Brazil, and Canada, have laws and regulations concerning
the collection and use of personally identifiable information obtained from their residents, including payment card information, which
are often more restrictive than those in the U.S. Laws and regulations in these jurisdictions apply broadly to the collection, use, storage,
disclosure, and security of personally identifiable information, including payment card information identifying, or which may be used
to identify, an individual, such as names, email addresses, and, in some jurisdictions, IP addresses, device identifiers, and other data.
As we conduct business or become deemed to conduct business in foreign jurisdictions, including through websites that we host that may
be available in these locations, we may become subject to those laws and regulations. 

We
are also subject to privacy and data protection-related obligations in our contracts with our customers and other third parties. Any
failure, or perceived failure, to comply with federal, state, or international laws, or to comply with our contractual obligations related
to privacy, could result in proceedings or actions against us which could result in significant liability to us as well as harm to our
reputation. Additionally, third parties with whom we contract may violate or appear to violate laws or regulations which could subject
us to the same risks. Any new laws, regulations, other legal obligations or industry standards, or any changed interpretation of existing
laws, regulations or other standards may require us to incur additional costs and restrict our business operations. 

Our
collection, processing, storage, use, and transmission of personal data could give rise to liabilities because of governmental regulation,
conflicting legal requirements, differing views on data privacy, or security breaches. 

We
engage in electronic billing and processing of our customers using secure transmission of sometimes confidential information over public
networks. We have systems and processes in place that are designed to protect consumer information and prevent fraudulent credit card
transactions and other security breaches. However, there is no guarantee that such systems and processes will not experience a failure.
Our failure to protect against fraud or breaches may subject us to costly breach notification and other mitigation obligations, class
action lawsuits, investigations, fines, forfeitures, or penalties from governmental agencies that could adversely affect our operating
results. We may be unable to prevent our customers from fraudulently receiving goods and services. Personal data is increasingly subject
to legal and regulatory protections around the world, which vary widely in approach and which possibly conflict with one another. In
recent years, for example, U.S. legislators and regulatory agencies, such as the FTC, as well as U.S. states have increased their focus
on protecting personal data by law and regulation and have increased enforcement actions for violations of privacy and data protection
requirements. The CCPA requires, among other things, covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers, and afford
such consumers new abilities to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. While we believe that we are not a covered entity under
the law, the effects of the CCPA potentially are significant, and may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies
and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply. We may also from time to time be subject to, or face assertions that
we are subject to, additional obligations relating to personal data by contract or due to assertions that self-regulatory obligations
or industry standards apply to our practices. 

We
may also experience losses due to customer fraud and theft of service, such as fraudulent credit card transactions. Customers have, in
the past, obtained access to our service without paying for monthly service and international toll calls by unlawfully using fraudulently
obtained codes. If our existing anti-fraud procedures are not adequate or effective, consumer fraud and theft of service could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

The
GDPR and the Data Protection Act in the United Kingdom are intended to protect the privacy and security of personal data, including credit
card information that is collected, processed, and transmitted in or from the relevant jurisdiction. We stopped hosting websites in GDPR-complaint
countries or countries from which the bulk of business came from countries subject to GDPR. We also took steps to block those countries
from accessing any other sites we host. While we do not currently provide services in countries where compliance would be required and
are therefore not required to be compliant, if we did provide those services or otherwise were required to become complaint, implementation
of and compliance with these laws and regulations may be more costly or take longer than we anticipate, or could otherwise adversely
affect our business operations, which could negatively impact our financial position or cash flows. 

Additionally,
media coverage of data breaches has escalated, in part because of the increased number of enforcement actions, investigations, and lawsuits.
As this focus and attention on privacy and data protection increases, we also risk exposure to potential liabilities and costs resulting
from compliance with or any failure to comply with applicable legal requirements, conflicts among these legal requirements, or differences
in approaches to privacy. 

38 

We
could fail to comply with requirements for debit card, credit card, and other digital payment methods, which could have a material adverse
effect on our revenues, results of operations, and financial condition. 

A
significant and increasing portion of our transactions are processed using debit cards, credit cards, and other digital payment methods.
The banks, credit card companies, networks, and other payment processing providers impose strict regulatory, compliance, system, and
other requirements to participate in such parties payment systems. We are required to comply with the privacy provisions of various
federal and state privacy statutes and regulations, and the PCI DSS, each of which is subject to change at any time. Compliance with
PCI DSS does not guarantee a completely secure environment and notwithstanding the results of this assessment there can be no assurance
that payment card brands will not request further compliance assessments or set forth additional requirements to maintain access to credit
card processing services. Compliance with PCI DSS is an ongoing effort, and the requirements evolve as new threats are identified. Compliance
with these requirements is often difficult and costly, and our failure, or our counterparty s failure, to comply may result in
significant fines or civil penalties, regulatory enforcement action, or liability under or termination of necessary agreements, each
of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and/or operations and that of our distributors who could be liable
as well. 

Further,
our payment services are subject to stringent requirements by regulators and trade organizations in various jurisdictions. Our payment
services unit is subject to federal and state banking regulations, and we are also subject to further regulation by those states in which
we are licensed as a money transmitter. We may not be able to comply with all such requirements in a timely manner or remain in compliance.
If we are not in compliance, we could be subject to penalties or the termination of our rights to participate in such payment systems
or provide such services, which could have a material negative impact on our ability to grow our businesses and our revenues and profits. 

We
face risks in our sales to certain market segments including, but not limited to, sales subject to HIPAA Regulations. 

Our
customers can use our services to store contact and other personal or identifying information, and to process, transmit, receive, store,
and retrieve a variety of communications and messages, including information about their own customers and other contacts. In addition,
customers may use our services to store protected health information, or PHI, that is protected under the Health Insurance Portability
and Accountability Act, or HIPAA. We have sold and will continue to attempt to sell to certain customer segments which may have requirements
for additional privacy or security. In addition, sales may be made to customers that are subject to additional security requirements.
Selling into segments with additional requirements increases potential liability that in some instances may be unlimited. While we believe
we meet or exceed all requirements for sales to such segments, there is no assurance that our systems fully comply with all requirements.
Noncompliance with laws and regulations relating to privacy and HIPAA may lead to significant fines, penalties, or civil liability. 

Our
ability to offer services outside the United States is subject to different regulations which may be unknown and uncertain. 

Regulatory
treatment of VoIP providers outside the United States varies from country to country, and local jurisdictions. Many times, the laws are
vague, unclear and regulations are not enforced uniformly. We are licensed as a VoIP seller in our international markets and are considering
expanding to other countries. We also cannot control if our customers take their devices out of the United States and use them abroad.
Our resellers may sell to customers who maintain facilities outside the United States. The failure by us or our customers and resellers
to comply with laws and regulations could reduce our revenue and profitability. As we expand to additional countries there may be additional
regulations that we are required to comply with, the failure to comply or properly assess regulations may subject us to penalties, fines,
and other actions that could materially affect our business. 

Examinations
by relevant tax authorities may result in material changes in related tax reserves for tax positions taken in previously filed tax returns
or may impact the valuation of certain deferred income tax assets, such as net operating loss carry-forwards. 

Based
on the outcome of examinations by relevant tax authorities, or because of the expiration of statutes of limitations for specific jurisdictions,
it is reasonably possible that the related tax reserves for tax positions taken regarding previously filed tax returns will materially
change from those recorded in our financial statements. In addition, the outcome of examinations may impact the valuation of certain
deferred income tax assets (such as net operating loss carry-forwards) in future periods. It is not possible to estimate the impact of
the amount of such changes, if any, on previously recorded uncertain tax positions. 

39 

There
may be a negative effect on our business going forward because of changes to net neutrality. 

The
principle that Internet service providers should treat all Internet communications equally, and not charge users different rates for
various tiers of service or prioritize certain traffic while blocking or slowing down others, is called net neutrality. On January 4,
2018, the FCC released an order that largely repealed prior FCC rules that prevented broadband internet access providers from degrading
or otherwise disrupting a broad range of services provisioned over consumers and enterprises broadband internet access
lines. Many of the largest providers of broadband services, like cable companies and traditional telephone companies, have publicly stated
that they will not degrade or disrupt their customers use of applications and services, like ours. However, there was no guarantee
that they would not do so in the future. If such providers were to degrade, impair, or block our services, it would negatively impact
our ability to provide services to our customers, and we would likely lose revenue and profits. We would probably incur legal fees in
an attempt to restore our customers access to our services. Broadband internet access providers may also attempt to charge us
or our customers additional fees to access services like ours that may result in the loss of customers and revenue, or increase our costs
thereby reducing our profitability, or make our services less competitive if we increase our rates to our customers. President Biden
and numerous Senators have criticized the status of net neutrality, at this time we are not aware if there will be legislation that might
reimpose the prior regulations. 

Following
the adoption of the January 4, 2018 order, a number of states passed laws establishing rules similar to those that existed prior to the
effective date of the January 4, 2018 order. However, we cannot rely on those state laws because of the uncertainty as to whether states
have the authority to establish rules that could be interpreted to conflict with the January 4, 2018 order. The U.S. Department of Justice
has taken the position that local authorities do not have the authority to contradict the FCC s January 4, 2018 order. We cannot
predict the ultimate outcome of these disputes. 

States
are adding regulation for VoIP providers which could increase our costs and change certain aspects of our service. 

Certain
states take the position that offerings by VoIP providers may include intrastate communications and should therefore be subject to state
regulation including state taxes or surcharges. We have registered as an interconnected VoIP provider in those states where registration
is required; however, our rates are not regulated in the same manner as traditional telephone service providers. We believe that the
FCC has pre-empted states from regulating VoIP providers in the same manner as providers of traditional telecommunications services.
We cannot predict how this issue will be resolved or its impact on our business at this time. 

Taxing
authorities may successfully assert that we should have collected or in the future should collect sales and use, value added, or similar
taxes, and any such assessments could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Jurisdictions
in which we do not collect sales, use, value added, or similar taxes on VoIP services or other products may assert that such taxes are
applicable, which could result in tax assessments, penalties, and interest, and we may be required to collect such taxes in the future.
Such tax assessments, penalties, interest, or future requirements could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
Further, in June 2018, the Supreme Court held in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc. that states could impose sales tax collection obligations
on out-of-state sellers even if those sellers lack any physical presence within the states imposing the sales taxes. Under Wayfair ,
a person requires only a substantial nexus with the taxing state before the state may subject the person to sales tax collection
obligations therein. An increasing number of states (both before and after the publication of Wayfair have considered or adopted
laws that attempt to impose sales tax collection obligations on out-of-state sellers. The Supreme Court s Wayfair decision
has removed a significant impediment to the enactment and enforcement of these laws, and it is possible that states may seek to tax out-of-state
sellers on sales that occurred in prior tax years, which could create additional administrative burdens for us, put us at a competitive
disadvantage if such states do not impose similar obligations on our competitors, and decrease our future sales, which would adversely
impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Risks
Related to Our Capital Structure 

Holders
of our Class B common stock have significantly less voting power than holders of our Class A common stock. 

Holders
of our Class B common stock are entitled to one-tenth of a vote per share on all matters on which our stockholders are entitled to vote,
while holders of our Class A common stock are entitled to three votes per share. As a result, the ability of holders of our Class B common
stock to influence our management is limited. 

40 

Eight
trusts for the benefit of sons and daughters of Howard S. Jonas, our Chairman and Chairman of the Board, hold shares that, in the aggregate,
represent more than a majority of the combined voting power of our outstanding capital stock, which may limit the ability of other stockholders
to affect our management. 

Howard
S. Jonas serves as our Chairman, which is an executive officer position, and our Chairman of the Board, which is a Board of Directors
position. As of October 11, 2023, eight trusts for the benefit of children of Howard S. Jonas (the Trusts ), collectively
have voting power over 1,574,326 shares of our Class A common stock, (which is all the issued and outstanding shares of the Class A common
stock), which are convertible into shares of our Class B common stock on a 1-for-1 basis, and 2,382,371 shares of our Class B common
stock, representing approximately 70 of the combined voting power of our outstanding capital stock, as of October 11, 2023. Each of
the Trusts has a different, independent trustee. In addition, as of October 11, 2023, The HSJ Remainder 2019 Trust holds 1,811,711 shares
of our Class B common stock and The HSJ 2022 Annuity Trust holds 78,016 shares of our Class B common stock. Both of these trusts have
an independent trustee. 

Howard
S. Jonas does not have the right to direct or control the voting of the shares of our common stock that is held by the Trusts, and the
independent trustees hold sole voting and dispositive power over the common stock held by the Trusts. However, he is the trustor of the
trusts and is the father of each of the beneficiaries of the Trusts and his views may be taken into account by the trustees and others
related to the Trusts. In addition, he is our founder and has served as an executive officer, including our Chief Executive Officer,
for a very significant time period. The members of the Board and management often look to him for guidance on major financial, operational,
and strategic matters. 

We
are not aware of any voting agreement between or among any of the Trusts and/or Howard S. Jonas, but if such a voting agreement or other
similar arrangement exists or were to be consummated, if all or several of the Trusts were to act in concert, or if we issued additional
Class A common stock, certain or all of the Trusts and/or Howard S. Jonas along with holders of the Class A common stock would be able
to control matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of all of the directors, amendment of organizational
documents, and the approval of significant corporate transactions, including any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially
all of our assets. As a result, the ability of any of our other stockholders to influence our management may be limited. In addition,
our dual class structure has an anti-takeover effect, and accordingly, the holders of the shares of Class A common stock can prevent
any change in control transactions that may otherwise be in the best interest of stockholders. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Our
headquarters is located in a building in Newark, New Jersey. We lease approximately 80,000 square feet of office space plus a portion
of the 800-car public parking garage located across the street from the building. We also lease approximately 3,600 square feet of office
space in Jerusalem, Israel that is owned by Rafael Holdings. The Newark lease expires in April 2025 and the Israel lease expires in July
2025. 

We
lease space in New York, New York for corporate purposes as well as a number of other locations in metropolitan areas. These leased spaces
are utilized primarily to house telecommunications equipment and retail operations. 

We
maintain our European headquarters in London, England. We also maintain other international office locations and telecommunications facilities
in regions of Europe, Latin America, the Middle East, Asia, and Africa where we conduct operations. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

Legal
proceedings disclosure is presented in Note 23 to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 to Part II of this Annual Report. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

41 

Part
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our
Class B common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol IDT. 

On
October 11, 2023, there were 271 holders of record of our Class B common stock and eight holders of record of our Class A common stock.
All shares of Class A common stock are beneficially owned by eight trusts for the benefit of children of Howard S. Jonas, our Chairman
and the Chairman of the Board. The number of holders of record of our Class B common stock does not include the number of persons whose
shares are in nominee or in street name accounts through brokers. On October 11, 2023, the last sales price reported on
the New York Stock Exchange for the Class B common stock was 27.37 per share. 

In
fiscal 2018, our Board of Directors discontinued our quarterly dividend, electing instead to repurchase shares of our Class B common
stock when warranted by market conditions, available resources, and our business outlook and results, as well as to invest in our growth
business initiatives. Accordingly, no dividends were paid in fiscal 2023 or fiscal 2022. 

The
information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which
we will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2023, and which is incorporated by reference
herein. 

42 

Performance
Graph of Stock 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

The
following table provides information with respect to purchases by us of our shares during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. 

Total Number of Shares Purchased 
 Average Price per Share 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
 Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 
 
 May 1 31, 2023 (2) 
 14,680 
 32.37 
 
 4,933,623 
 
 June 1 30, 2023 

4,933,623 
 
 July 1 31, 2023 
 231,416 
 24.07 
 231,416 
 4,702,207 
 
 Total 
 246,096 
 24.56 
 231,416 

(1) On
 January 22, 2016, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program to purchase
 up to 8.0 million shares of our Class B common stock. 

(2) Shares
 of our Class B common stock that were tendered by employees of ours to satisfy the employees 
 tax withholding obligations in connection with the lapsing of restrictions on deferred stock
 units. Such shares were repurchased by us based on their fair market value as of the close
 of business on the trading day immediately prior to the vesting date. 

43 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

This
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including statements that contain the words believes, anticipates, expects, 
 plans, intends and similar words and phrases. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results projected in any forward-looking statement. In addition to the
factors specifically noted in the forward-looking statements, other important factors, risks and uncertainties that could result in those
differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed under Item 1A to Part I Risk Factors in this Annual Report.
The forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this Annual Report, and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking
statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Investors
should consult all of the information set forth in this report and the other information set forth from time to time in our reports filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including
our reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in Item 8 of
this Annual Report. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 

Our
financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Critical
accounting estimates are estimates made in accordance with U.S. GAAP that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have
had, or are reasonably likely to have, a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. Our critical accounting
estimates include those related to goodwill impairment testing, valuation of long-lived assets, allowance for doubtful accounts receivable,
and income taxes, sales taxes, and regulatory agency fees. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 to Part II of
this Annual Report for a complete discussion of our significant accounting policies. 

Goodwill
Impairment Testing 

Under
U.S. GAAP, goodwill is not amortized but is reviewed annually for impairment at a level of reporting referred to as a reporting unit.
A reporting unit is an operating segment, or one level below the operating segment, depending on whether certain criteria are met. 

Our
annual assessment date is May 1. An interim impairment test would be required whenever events or circumstances make it more likely than
not that an impairment may have occurred. The goodwill impairment test compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying
amount. We would recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value;
however, the loss recognized would not exceed the total amount of goodwill. Additionally, we consider income tax effects from any tax-deductible
goodwill on the carrying amount of the reporting unit when measuring the goodwill impairment loss, if applicable. 

We
have the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment
test. However, we may elect to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test even if no indications of a potential impairment exist. 

The
carrying amount of our goodwill by reporting unit was as follows: 

(in millions) July 31 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Retail Communications 
 11.2 
 11.1 
 
 net2phone 
 9.9 
 9.7 
 
 Fintech 
 3.2 
 3.2 
 
 IDT Digital Payments 
 2.2 
 2.4 
 
 TOTAL 
 26.5 
 26.4 

For
our annual goodwill impairment tests as of May 1, 2023 and 2022, we performed qualitative assessments for all of our reporting units
that indicated that it was more likely than not that the fair values of our reporting units exceeded their respective carrying values
and, therefore, did not result in an impairment. In addition, we do not believe we are currently at risk of goodwill impairment. Our
qualitative assessments considered several factors including (i) the business enterprise value of the reporting unit from the last quantitative
test at May 1, 2020 and the excess of the fair value over carrying value, (ii) macroeconomic conditions including changes in interest
rates and discount rates, (iii) industry and market considerations including industry revenue, EBITDA margins, and multiples based on
business enterprise value to revenues and to EBITDA, and (iv) the recent financial performance and budget of the reporting unit. 

44 

For
our quantitative assessment, we calculate the fair value of the reporting unit using a discounted cash flow method as a form of the income
approach, and a market approach that incorporates comparative multiples to corroborate discounted cash flow results. The discounted cash
flow method is based on the present value of projected cash flows and a terminal value. The terminal value represents the expected normalized
future cash flows of the reporting unit beyond the projection period. We use a discount rate based on the weighted-average cost of capital
of comparable companies by Standard Industrial Classification, or SIC, code that represents our estimate of the expected return a marketplace
participant would have required. 

Calculating
the fair value of a reporting unit requires significant estimates and assumptions by management. The key assumptions and judgments underlying
our quantitative assessment include the discount rates and terminal growth rates used in our discounted cash flow analysis, the revenue
and EBITDA projections for our reporting units, estimates of future levels of gross and operating profits and capital expenditures, and
the selection of comparable companies for the market approach. Should the estimates and assumptions regarding the fair value of the reporting
units prove to be incorrect, we may be required to record impairments to goodwill in future periods. 

Valuation
of Long-Lived Assets 

We
test the recoverability of our long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of any
such asset may not be recoverable. Such events or changes in circumstances include: 

significant
 actual underperformance relative to expected performance or projected future operating results; 

significant
 changes in the manner or use of the asset or the strategy of our overall business; 

significant
 adverse changes in the business climate in which we operate; and 

loss
 of a significant contract. 

There
were no such events or changes in circumstances in fiscal 2023 or fiscal 2022. If we determine that events or changes in circumstances
indicate the carrying value of certain long-lived assets may not be recoverable, we test for impairment based on the projected undiscounted
cash flows to be derived from such asset. If the projected undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset,
we will record an impairment loss based on the difference between the estimated fair value and the carrying value of the asset. We generally
measure fair value by considering sale prices for similar assets or by discounting estimated future cash flows from the asset using an
appropriate discount rate. Cash flow projections for specific assets and fair value estimates of assets require significant estimates
and assumptions by management that have a significant level of estimation uncertainty. Should our estimates and assumptions prove to
be incorrect, we may be required to record impairments in future periods and such impairments could be material. 

Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts Receivable 

Our
allowance for doubtful accounts was 5.6 million at July 31, 2023 and 5.3 million at July 31, 2022. The allowance for doubtful accounts
as a percentage of gross trade accounts receivable increased to 15.0 at July 31, 2023 from 11.9 at July 31, 2022 because, at July 31,
2023 compared to July 31, 2022, gross trade accounts receivable decreased 15.9 and the allowance for doubtful accounts increased 5.9 .
The most significant decrease in the gross trade accounts receivable balance at July 31, 2023 compared to July 31, 2022 was in IDT Digital
Payments. 

We
estimated the balance of our allowance for doubtful accounts by analyzing accounts receivable balances by age and applying historical
write-off and collection trend rates. Our estimates included separately providing for customer receivables based on specific circumstances
and credit conditions, and when it was deemed probable that the balance was uncollectible. Account balances are written off against the
allowance when it is determined that the receivable will not be recovered. 

On
August 1, 2023, we adopted Accounting Standards Update, or ASU, No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) ,
 Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, that changed the impairment model for most financial assets and certain
other instruments. Effective with the adoption of ASU 2016-13, we will record an expense based on a forward-looking current expected
credit loss model to maintain an allowance for credit losses. When determining the allowance for trade accounts receivable, we will consider
the probability of recoverability of accounts receivable based on past experience, taking into account current collection trends and
general economic factors, including bankruptcy rates. We will also consider future economic trends to estimate expected credit losses
over the lifetime of the asset. Credit risks will be assessed based on historical write-offs, net of recoveries, as well as an analysis
of the aged accounts receivable balances with allowances generally increasing as the receivable ages. Accounts receivable may be fully
reserved for when specific collection issues are known to exist, such as pending bankruptcies. 

45 

Our
allowance for credit losses estimates is subject to change due to new developments, changes in assumptions or changes in our strategy.
We continually assess the likelihood of potential amounts or ranges of recoverability and adjust our allowance accordingly, however,
actual collections and write-offs of trade accounts receivables may materially differ from our estimates. 

Income
Taxes, Sales Taxes, and Regulatory Agency Fees 

Our
current and deferred income taxes and associated valuation allowance, accruals for sales taxes, and telecom regulatory agency fee accruals,
are impacted by events and transactions arising in the normal course of business as well as in connection with special and non-routine
items. Assessment of the appropriate amount of income taxes, sales taxes, and regulatory agency fees is dependent on several factors,
including estimates of the timing and realization of deferred income tax assets, judgments about the potential results of audits and
applicability of regulatory agency rules and regulations, as well as judgments and assumptions about changes in income tax, sales tax,
and regulatory agency laws, rules, or regulations. 

The
valuation allowance on our deferred income tax assets was 10.6 million and 11.6 million at July 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. In
fiscal 2023, we decreased the valuation allowance by 1.0 million, which included a decrease of 2.8 million due to the utilization or
disposal of previously valued deferred income tax assets and a release of 0.7 million for profitability in the United Kingdom, net of
an establishment of 2.5 million for deferred income tax assets that were not more likely than not going to be utilized prior to expiration.
In fiscal 2021, we released 46.5 million of our valuation allowance on the portion of the deferred income tax assets that we are more
likely than not going to utilize. This release was mostly related to domestic deferred income tax assets. We used the framework of Accounting
Standards Codification, or ASC, Income Taxes (Topic 740) to determine whether the valuation allowance should be maintained or
reversed. We considered the scheduled expiration of our net operating losses included in our deferred tax assets, projected future taxable
income, and tax planning strategies in our assessment of the valuation allowance. The primary factors that resulted in the valuation
allowance release were the three consecutive years of profitability in the United States and expected future profitability in both the
United States and the United Kingdom that will utilize a significant portion of the net operating losses. Our tax planning strategies
were not a significant factor in the analysis. 

On
June 21, 2018, the United States Supreme Court rendered a decision in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc., holding that a state may require
a remote seller with no physical presence in the state to collect and remit sales tax on goods and services provided to purchasers in
the state, overturning certain existing court precedent. It is possible that one or more jurisdictions may assert that we have liability
for periods for which we have not collected sales, use or other similar taxes, and if such an assertion or assertions were successful
it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, and operating results. One or more jurisdictions may change
their laws or policies to apply their sales, use or other similar taxes to our operations, and if such changes were made it could materially
and adversely affect our business, financial position, and operating results. 

Our
2017 FCC Form 499-A, which reports our calendar year 2016 revenue, was audited by the USAC. The Internal Audit Division of USAC issued
preliminary audit findings and, in accordance with USAC s audit procedures, we appealed certain of the findings. USAC issued a
final decision, and the final decision overturned one of the initial findings but left the remaining initial findings in place. The reversal
will result in the elimination of a 1.8 million charge by the Universal Service Fund. The final decision upheld the imposition of a
 2.9 million charge to the Federal Telecommunications Relay Service, or TRS, Fund. We have appealed the USAC s final decision to
the FCC and we do not intend to remit payment for the TRS Fund fees unless and until a negative decision on our appeal has been issued.
In response to the aforementioned preliminary audit findings, we made certain changes to our filing policies and procedures for years
that remain potentially under audit. At July 31, 2023 and 2022, our accrued expenses included 26.8 million and 33.2 million, respectively,
for FCC-related regulatory fees for the year covered by the audit, as well as prior and subsequent years. 

RECENTLY
ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARD NOT YET ADOPTED 

In
June 2022, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued ASU No. 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820) , Fair Value
Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions, that clarifies that a contractual restriction on the sale
of an equity security is not considered part of the unit of account of the equity security and, therefore, is not considered in measuring
fair value. The ASU also requires specific disclosures related to equity securities that are subject to contractual sales restrictions.
We will adopt the amendments in this ASU prospectively on August 1, 2024. We are evaluating the impact that this ASU will have on our
consolidated financial statements. 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

We
evaluate the performance of our business segments based primarily on income (loss) from operations. Accordingly, the income and expense
line items below income (loss) from operations are only included in our discussion of the consolidated results of operations. 

46 

COVID-19 

In
May 2023, the World Health Organization declared an end to COVID-19 as a public health emergency. As of the date of this Annual Report,
we continue to monitor the situation. We cannot predict with certainty the potential impact of COVID-19 if it re-invigorates on our results
of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. 

Concentration
of Customers 

Our
most significant customers typically include telecom operators to whom we provide wholesale services and distributors of our retail calling
products. While they may vary from quarter to quarter, our five largest customers collectively accounted for 10.8 , 12.5 , and 14.5 
of our consolidated revenues in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, respectively. Our customers with the five largest receivables
balance collectively accounted for 16.7 and 27.1 of our consolidated gross trade accounts receivable at July 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
This concentration of customers increases our risk associated with nonpayment by those customers. In an effort to reduce our risk, we
perform ongoing credit evaluations of our significant customers, and in some cases, do not offer credit terms to customers, choosing
instead to require prepayment. Historically, when we have issued credit, we have not required collateral to support trade accounts receivable
from our customers. However, when necessary, we have imposed stricter credit restrictions on our customers. In some cases, this has resulted
in our sharply curtailing, or ceasing completely, sales to certain customers. We attempt to mitigate our credit risk related to specific
IDT Global customers by also buying services from the customer, in order to create an opportunity to offset our payables and receivables
with the customer. In this way, we can continue to sell services to these customers while reducing our receivable exposure risk. When
it is practical to do so, we will increase our purchases from IDT Global customers with receivable balances that exceed our applicable
payables in order to maximize the offset and reduce our credit risk. 

Explanation
of Performance Metrics 

Our
results of operations discussion include the following performance metrics: 

for
 NRS, active POS terminals, payment processing accounts, and recurring revenue, 

for
 net2phone, seats and subscription revenue, and 

for
 Traditional Communications, minutes of use. 

NRS
uses two key metrics, among others, to measure the size of its customer base: active POS terminals and payment processing accounts. Active
POS terminals are the number of POS terminals that have completed at least one transaction in the calendar month. It excludes POS terminals
that are being installed. Payment processing accounts are NRS PAY accounts that can generate revenue. It excludes accounts that have
been approved but not activated. NRS recurring revenue is NRS revenue in accordance with U.S. GAAP excluding its revenue
from POS terminal sales. 

net2phone s
cloud communications offerings are priced on a per-seat basis, with customers paying based on the number of users in their organization.
net2phone s subscription revenue is its revenue in accordance with U.S. GAAP excluding its equipment revenue and revenue generated
by a legacy SIP trunking offering in Brazil. 

The
trends and comparisons between periods for the number of active POS terminals, NRS PAY accounts, seats served, recurring revenue, and
subscription revenue are used in the analysis of NRS or net2phone s revenues and direct cost of revenues and are strong
indications of the top-line growth and performance of the business. 

Minutes
of use is a nonfinancial metric that measures aggregate customer usage during a reporting period. Minutes of use is an important factor
in BOSS Revolution Calling s and IDT Global s revenue recognition since satisfaction of our performance obligation occurs
when the customer uses our service. Minutes of use trends and comparisons between periods are used in the analysis of revenues and direct
cost of revenues. 

Year
Ended July 31, 2023 compared to Year Ended July 31, 2022 and Year Ended July 31, 2022 compared to Year Ended July 31, 2021 

As
of July 31, 2023, we owned 90.0 of the outstanding shares of our subsidiary, net2phone 2.0, Inc., or net2phone 2.0, which owns and operates
the net2phone segment, and 80.0 of the outstanding shares of NRS, and, on a fully diluted basis assuming all the vesting criteria related
to various rights granted have been met and other assumptions, we would own 85.8 of net2phone 2.0 and 77.7 of NRS. 

As
of August 1, 2022, we revised our reportable business segments primarily to reflect the growth of our financial technology businesses
and their increased contributions to our consolidated results. Our four reportable business segments, NRS, Fintech, net2phone, and Traditional
Communications, reflect management s current approach to analyzing results, its resource allocation strategy, and its assessment
of business performance. NRS was previously included in our Fintech segment. In addition, certain lines of business were reclassified
to the Fintech segment from the Traditional Communications segment. Comparative segment information has been reclassified and restated
in all periods to conform to the current period presentation. 

47 

The
following table sets forth certain items in our statements of income as a percentage of our total revenues: 

Year ended July 31 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 REVENUES: 

National Retail Solutions 
 6.2 
 3.8 
 1.7 
 
 Fintech 
 7.0 
 4.7 
 4.0 
 
 net2phone 
 5.8 
 4.3 
 3.1 
 
 Traditional Communications 
 81.0 
 87.2 
 91.2 
 
 TOTAL REVENUES 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 
 COSTS AND EXPENSES: 

Direct cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 
 70.7 
 75.8 
 79.8 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 22.4 
 18.4 
 15.1 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 1.6 
 1.3 
 1.2 
 
 Severance 

TOTAL COSTS AND EXPENSES 
 94.7 
 95.5 
 96.1 
 
 Other operating (expense) gain, net 
 (0.4 
 (0.1 
 0.1 
 
 INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 
 4.9 
 4.4 
 4.0 
 
 Interest income, net 
 0.3 

Other (expense) income, net 
 (0.3 
 (1.8 
 0.5 
 
 INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 
 4.9 
 2.6 
 4.5 

National
Retail Solutions Segment 

NRS,
which represented 6.2 , 3.8 , and 1.7 of our total revenues in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, respectively, is an operator
of a nationwide POS network providing independent retailers with store management software, electronic payment processing, and other
ancillary merchant services. NRS POS platform provides marketers with digital out-of-home advertising and transaction data. 

(in millions) 

2023 change from 2022 
 2022 change from 2021 
 
 Year ended July 31 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 

Revenues: 

Recurring 
 71.4 
 45.3 
 19.7 
 26.1 
 57.8 
 25.6 
 129.2 
 
 Other 
 5.7 
 6.0 
 5.0 
 (0.3 
 (6.0 
 1.0 
 20.8 
 
 Total revenues 
 77.1 
 51.3 
 24.7 
 25.8 
 50.3 
 26.6 
 107.3 
 
 Direct cost of revenues 
 (8.9 
 (7.1 
 (4.8 
 1.8 
 25.5 
 2.3 
 47.1 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 (51.4 
 (32.1 
 (19.6 
 19.3 
 60.3 
 12.5 
 63.3 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 (2.4 
 (0.9 
 (0.6 
 1.5 
 160.9 
 0.3 
 74.3 
 
 Income (loss) from operations 
 14.4 
 11.2 
 (0.3 
 3.2 
 28.5 
 11.5 
 nm 

nm not
meaningful 

(in thousands) 

2023 change from 2022 
 2022 change from 2021 
 
 July 31 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 # 
 
 # 

Active POS terminals 
 25.7 
 19.4 
 14.0 
 6.3 
 32.6 
 5.4 
 37.8 
 
 Payment processing accounts 
 15.8 
 10.3 
 5.9 
 5.5 
 52.9 
 4.4 
 76.1 

Revenues.
 Revenues increased in each of fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 compared to the prior fiscal year driven primarily by revenue growth from
NRS merchant services and sales of advertising and data, as well as the expansion of NRS POS network. 

Direct
Cost of Revenues. Direct cost of revenues increased in each of fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 compared to the prior fiscal year primarily
due to increases in the direct costs of NRS POS terminal sales. 

48 

Selling,
General and Administrative. Selling, general and administrative expense increased in each of fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 compared
to the prior fiscal year primarily due to increases in sales commissions, as well as increases in employee compensation. As a percentage
of NRS revenue, NRS selling, general and administrative expense was 66.7 , 62.5 , and 79.3 in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022,
and fiscal 2021, respectively. 

Depreciation
and Amortization. Depreciation and amortization expense increased in each of fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 compared to the prior fiscal
year primarily due to increased depreciation of capitalized costs of consultants and employees developing internal use software. 

Fintech
Segment 

Fintech,
which represented 7.0 , 4.7 , and 4.0 of our total revenues in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, respectively, is comprised
of BOSS Money, a provider of international money remittance and related value/payment transfer services, as well as other, significantly
smaller, financial services businesses, including Leaf, a provider of digital wallet services in emerging markets, a variable interest
entity, or VIE, that operates money transfer businesses, and IDTFS, our Gibraltar-based bank. 

(in millions) 

2023 change from 2022 
 2022 change from 2021 
 
 Year ended July 31 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 

Revenues: 

BOSS Money 
 76.9 
 55.6 
 49.3 
 21.3 
 38.5 
 6.3 
 12.7 
 
 Other 
 9.7 
 9.0 
 8.3 
 0.7 
 7.2 
 0.7 
 8.8 
 
 Total revenues 
 86.6 
 64.6 
 57.6 
 22.0 
 34.1 
 7.0 
 12.1 
 
 Direct cost of revenues 
 (36.5 
 (26.1 
 (21.8 
 10.4 
 40.0 
 4.3 
 19.7 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 (51.9 
 (43.1 
 (35.9 
 8.8 
 20.3 
 7.2 
 20.2 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 (2.6 
 (2.2 
 (1.5 
 0.4 
 20.2 
 0.7 
 47.3 
 
 Severance 
 
 (0.1 
 
 (0.1 
 (100.0 
 0.1 
 nm 
 
 Other operating gain (expense) 
 1.9 
 
 (0.3 
 (1.9 
 nm 
 (0.3 
 (105.4 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (2.5 
 (6.9 
 (1.9 
 4.4 
 63.4 
 (5.0 
 (253.7 

nm not
meaningful 

Revenues.
 Revenues from BOSS Money increased in each of fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 compared to the prior fiscal year primarily because of
increased transaction volume in BOSS Money s direct-to-consumer digital and retail channels and, in fiscal 2023, from the development
and introduction of new platform functionalities enabling more flexible and granular pricing strategies. The revenue increase in fiscal
2022 compared to fiscal 2021was partially offset by the lack of revenue from transient foreign exchange market conditions that materially
improved BOSS Money s revenues in fiscal 2021 but ceased by the end of the second quarter of fiscal 2021. BOSS Money continues
to benefit from ongoing expansion of its disbursement networks, particularly in Africa and the Caribbean. 

Direct
Cost of Revenues. Direct cost of revenues increased in each of fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 compared to the prior fiscal year primarily
due to increased direct cost of revenues in BOSS Money s direct-to-consumer digital and retail channels, which reflected the increases
in BOSS Money s revenue. 

Selling,
General and Administrative. Selling, general and administrative expense increased in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 primarily
due to increases in debit and credit card processing charges, employee compensation, sales commissions, and marketing expenses. Selling,
general and administrative expense increased in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 primarily due to increases in debit and credit card
processing charges, employee compensation, and sales commissions. The increases in card processing charges were the result of increased
credit and debit card transactions through our BOSS Money app and other digital channels. As a percentage of Fintech s revenue,
Fintech s selling, general and administrative expense was 59.9 , 66.8 , and 62.3 in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021,
respectively. 

Depreciation
and Amortization. Depreciation and amortization expense increased in each of fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 compared to the prior fiscal
year primarily due to increased depreciation of capitalized costs of consultants and employees developing internal use software. 

Other
Operating Gain (Expense). In fiscal 2023, we determined that the requirements for a portion of the contingent consideration payments
related to the Leaf acquisition would not be met. We recognized a gain of 1.6 million on the write-off of this contingent consideration
payment obligation. In addition, in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, Leaf received payments of 0.4 million, 20,000, and nil,
respectively, from government grants for the development and commercialization of blockchain-backed financial technologies. 

49 

net2phone
Segment 

The
net2phone segment, which represented 5.8 , 4.3 , and 3.1 of our total revenues in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, respectively,
is comprised of net2phone s cloud communications and contact center offerings. 

(in millions) 

2023 change from 2022 
 2022 change from 2021 
 
 Year ended July 31 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 

Revenues: 

Subscription 
 66.8 
 53.6 
 38.8 
 13.2 
 24.8 
 14.8 
 38.0 
 
 Other 
 5.6 
 4.6 
 5.7 
 1.0 
 20.3 
 (1.1 
 (18.7 
 
 Total revenues 
 72.4 
 58.2 
 44.5 
 14.2 
 24.4 
 13.7 
 30.7 
 
 Direct cost of revenues 
 (12.0 
 (10.0 
 (8.7 
 2.0 
 19.6 
 1.3 
 15.9 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 (57.4 
 (54.2 
 (46.1 
 3.2 
 5.8 
 8.1 
 17.4 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 (5.6 
 (5.4 
 (5.1 
 0.2 
 4.4 
 0.3 
 6.4 
 
 Severance 
 (0.1 

0.1 
 nm 

Other operating (expense) gain, net 
 (0.1 
 0.3 
 (0.1 
 0.4 
 145.4 
 (0.4 
 (393.2 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (2.8 
 (11.1 
 (15.5 
 8.3 
 75.3 
 4.4 
 28.0 

nm not
meaningful 

(in thousands) 

2023 change from 2022 
 2022 change from 2021 
 
 July 31 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 # 
 
 # 

Seats served 
 352 
 291 
 226 
 61 
 21.1 
 65 
 28.4 

Revenues.
 net2phone s revenues increased in each of fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 compared to the prior fiscal year driven primarily by
the growth in subscription revenue in the U.S. and Latin American markets, which reflects the increases in seats served at July 31, 2023
and July 31, 2022 compared to the prior fiscal year ends. The increase in seats served at July 31, 2022 compared to July 31, 2021 included
approximately 7,000 seats as a result of our acquisition of Integra in March 2022. 

Direct
Cost of Revenues. Direct cost of revenues increased in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 primarily due to the increase in revenues,
with the largest increase in the U.S. market. Direct cost of revenues increased in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 primarily due
to the increase in revenues, with the largest increases in Latin American markets. net2phone s focus on mid-sized businesses, multi-channel
strategies, and localized offerings generated revenue growth that exceeded the increase in direct cost of revenues. 

Selling,
General and Administrative. Selling, general and administrative expense increased in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 primarily
due to increases in sales commissions and consulting expense. Selling, general and administrative expense increased in fiscal 2022 compared
to fiscal 2021 primarily due to increases in sales commissions, employee compensation, and expenses related to the proposed (and subsequently
postponed) spin-off of our net2phone cloud communications business. As a percentage of net2phone s revenues, net2phone s
selling, general and administrative expense decreased to 79.2 from 93.1 and 103.7 in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, respectively. 

net2phone
derives a significant portion of its revenues from existing customers. Attracting new customers usually involves additional costs compared
to retention of existing customers. If existing customers subscriptions and related usage decrease or are terminated, net2phone
will need to spend more money to acquire new customers and still may not be able to maintain its existing level of revenues or profitability.
In addition, net2phone needs to acquire new customers to increase its revenues. net2phone incurs significant sales and marketing expenses
to acquire new customers. It is therefore expected that selling, general and administrative expense will remain a significant percentage
of net2phone s revenues for the foreseeable future. 

Depreciation
and Amortization . The increases in depreciation and amortization expense in each of fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 compared to the prior
fiscal year was due to increased depreciation of net2phone s telephone equipment leased to customers and increased depreciation
of capitalized costs of consultants and employees developing internal use software. 

Other
Operating (Expense) Gain, net. In fiscal 2023, we recorded an expense of 0.1 million for telephone equipment that was taken out
of service. In fiscal 2022, we determined that the requirements for a contingent consideration payment related to an acquisition in December
2019 would not be met before the expiration date. net2phone recognized a gain of 0.3 million on the write-off of this contingent consideration
payment obligation. Other operating expense, net in fiscal 2021 was due to the settlement of a legal matter. 

50 

Traditional
Communications Segment 

The
Traditional Communications segment, which represented 81.0 , 87.2 , and 91.2 of our total revenues in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and
fiscal 2021, respectively, includes IDT Digital Payments, which enables customers to transfer airtime and bundles of airtime, messaging,
and data to international and domestic mobile accounts, BOSS Revolution Calling, an international long-distance calling service marketed
primarily to immigrant communities in the United States and Canada, and IDT Global, a wholesale provider of international voice and SMS
termination and outsourced traffic management solutions to telecoms worldwide. Traditional Communications also includes other small businesses
and offerings including early-stage business initiatives and mature businesses in harvest mode. 

Traditional
Communications most significant revenue streams are from IDT Digital Payments, BOSS Revolution Calling, and IDT Global. IDT Digital
Payments and BOSS Revolution Calling are sold directly to consumers and through distributors and retailers. We receive payments for BOSS
Revolution Calling, traditional calling cards, and IDT Digital Payments prior to providing the services. We recognize the revenue when
services are provided to the customer. Traditional Communications revenues tend to be somewhat seasonal, with the second fiscal
quarter (which contains Christmas and New Year s Day) and the fourth fiscal quarter (which contains Mother s Day and Father s
Day) typically showing higher minute volumes. 

(in millions) 

2023 change from 2022 
 2022 change from 2021 
 
 Year ended July 31 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 /# 
 
 /# 

Revenues: 

IDT Digital Payments 
 417.1 
 473.2 
 461.6 
 (56.1 
 (11.9 
 11.6 
 2.5 
 
 BOSS Revolution Calling 
 322.1 
 387.9 
 455.2 
 (65.8 
 (17.0 
 (67.3 
 (14.8 
 
 IDT Global 
 230.3 
 292.4 
 361.0 
 (62.1 
 (21.2 
 (68.6 
 (19.0 
 
 Other 
 33.2 
 36.5 
 42.3 
 (3.3 
 (8.8 
 (5.8 
 (13.7 
 
 Total revenues 
 1,002.7 
 1,190.0 
 1,320.1 
 (187.3 
 (15.7 
 (130.1 
 (9.9 
 
 Direct cost of revenues 
 (818.2 
 (991.2 
 (1,118.7 
 (173.0 
 (17.4 
 (127.5 
 (11.4 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 (107.0 
 (113.3 
 (109.3 
 (6.3 
 (5.5 
 4.0 
 3.7 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 (9.4 
 (9.5 
 (10.6 
 (0.1 
 (1.0 
 (1.1 
 (10.1 
 
 Severance 
 (0.9 
 (0.1 
 (0.5 
 0.8 
 nm 
 (0.4 
 (87.5 
 
 Other operating (expense) gain, net 
 (5.9 
 (0.1 
 1.0 
 5.8 
 nm 
 1.1 
 110.6 
 
 Income from operations 
 61.3 
 75.8 
 82.0 
 (14.5 
 (19.2 
 (6.2 
 (7.6 

Minutes of use: 

BOSS Revolution Calling 
 2,299 
 2,926 
 3,554 
 (627 
 (21.4 
 (628 
 (17.7 
 
 IDT Global 
 6,328 
 7,720 
 10,511 
 (1,392 
 (18.0 
 (2,791 
 (26.6 

Revenues.
 Revenues from IDT Digital Payments decreased in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 primarily from the deterioration of a key corridor
that was particularly impactful to revenues in the wholesale and retail channels. Revenues from IDT Digital Payments increased in fiscal
2022 compared to fiscal 2021 primarily from an increase in direct-to-consumer channel revenues, partially offset by a decrease in retail
channel revenues. Our acquisition of Sochitel in fiscal 2021 contributed to our increased penetration into the mobile top-up market in
Africa. 

Revenues
and minutes of use from BOSS Revolution Calling decreased in each of fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 compared to the prior fiscal year. BOSS
Revolution Calling continues to be impacted by persistent, market-wide trends, including the proliferation of unlimited calling plans
offered by wireless carriers and mobile virtual network operators, and the increasing penetration of free and paid over-the-top voice,
video conferencing, and messaging services. In fiscal 2021, COVID-19-related demand slowed the rate of decline in BOSS Revolution Calling
revenue that we had experienced in prior periods. However, the COVID-19-related impact was less significant in fiscal 2022 than in fiscal
2021. The surge in demand for voice calls that began with the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic had eroded by the third quarter of fiscal
2022. 

Revenues
and minutes of use from IDT Global decreased in each of fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 compared to the prior fiscal year as communications
globally continued to transition away from international voice calling. This trend was accelerated by the impact of COVID-19 as business
communications shifted from calling to video conferencing and other collaboration platforms. We expect that IDT Global will continue
to be adversely impacted by these trends, and minutes of use and revenues will likely continue to decline from quarter-to-quarter, as
we seek to maximize economics rather than necessarily sustain minutes of use or revenues. 

51 

Direct
Cost of Revenues. Direct cost of revenues decreased in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 primarily due to decreases in IDT Global,
IDT Digital Payments, and BOSS Revolution Calling s revenues. Direct cost of revenues decreased in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal
2021 primarily due to decreases in BOSS Revolution Calling s and IDT Global s revenues, partially offset by an increase in
IDT Digital Payments direct cost of revenues in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 because of the increase in IDT Digital Payments 
revenues. 

Selling,
General and Administrative. Selling, general and administrative expense decreased in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 primarily
due to decreases in debit and credit card processing charges, sales commissions, and employee compensation, partially offset by an increase
in stock-based compensation. Selling, general and administrative expense increased in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 primarily due
to increases in marketing expense, employee compensation, and consulting expense, partially offset by a decrease in sales commissions.
As a percentage of Traditional Communications revenue, Traditional Communications selling, general and administrative expense
was 10.7 , 9.5 , and 8.3 in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, respectively. 

Depreciation
and Amortization . Depreciation and amortization expense decreased in each of fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 compared to the prior fiscal
year primarily due to decreases in depreciation as more of our property, plant, and equipment became fully depreciated, partially offset
by increases in depreciation of equipment added to our telecommunications network and capitalized costs of consultants and employees
developing internal use software. 

Severance
Expense. Traditional Communications incurred severance expense of 0.9 million, 0.1 million, and 0.5 million in fiscal 2023, fiscal
2022, and fiscal 2021, respectively. 

Other
Operating (Expense) Gain, net. Other operating (expense) gain, net included 3.9 million, 0.1 million, and 0.5 million in fiscal
2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, respectively for the indemnification of one of our cable telephony customers related to patent infringement
claims brought against the customer. On May 8, 2023, we and the customer agreed to a release from the indemnification agreement in exchange
for 3.9 million, of which 1.9 million was paid on May 10, 2023, and the remainder will be paid in five monthly invoice deductions of
 0.4 million each. Also, in fiscal 2023, we increased the estimated fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration by 0.2
million, and we recorded an expense of 1.4 million for internal use software that was taken out of service. Other operating (expense)
gain, net in fiscal 2021 included a gain of 2.0 million received from the sale to a third party of all our rights under the Payment
Card Interchange Fee and Merchant Discount Antitrust Litigation and expense of 0.6 million for the settlement of a claim related to
IDT Global. 

Corporate 

(in millions) 

2023 change from 2022 
 2022 change from 2021 
 
 Year ended July 31 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 

General and administrative 
 (9.3 
 (7.8 
 (7.5 
 1.5 
 18.6 
 0.3 
 3.6 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 (0.1 
 (0.1 
 (0.1 
 
 (30.5 
 
 1.6 
 
 Other operating (expense) gain, net 
 (0.3 
 (1.0 
 0.2 
 (0.7 
 (67.2 
 1.2 
 560.0 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (9.7 
 (8.9 
 (7.4 
 (0.8 
 (8.2 
 (1.5 
 (20.7 

Corporate
costs mainly include compensation, consulting fees, treasury, tax and accounting services, human resources, corporate purchasing, corporate
governance including Board of Directors fees, internal and external audit, investor relations, corporate insurance, corporate
legal, and other corporate-related general and administrative expenses. Corporate does not generate any revenues, nor does it incur any
direct cost of revenues. 

General
and Administrative. Corporate general and administrative expense increased in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 primarily because
of increases in audit and accounting fees, employee compensation, and stock-based compensation expense. Corporate general and administrative
expense increased in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 primarily because of an increase in employee compensation. As a percentage of
our consolidated revenues, Corporate general and administrative expense was 0.7 , 0.6 , and 0.5 in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal
2021, respectively. 

Other
Operating (Expense) Gain, net. In September 2017, we and certain of our subsidiaries were certified by the New Jersey Economic Development
Authority, or NJEDA, as having met the requirements of the Grow New Jersey Assistance Act Tax Credit Program. The program provides for
credits against a corporation s New Jersey corporate business tax liability for maintaining a minimum number of employees in New
Jersey, and that tax credits may be sold subject to certain conditions. On June 5, 2023, we received a 2019 tax credit certificate for
 1.8 million from the NJEDA. In August 2023, we sold the certificate for cash of 1.6 million. As discussed in Note 23 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements included in Item 8 to Part II of this Annual Report, we (as well as other defendants) have been named in a class
action on behalf of Straight Path s stockholders. We incurred legal fees of 5.8 million, 7.7 million, and 2.9 million in fiscal
2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, respectively, related to this action. Also, we recorded offsetting gains from insurance claims for
this matter of 3.8 million, 6.7 million, and 3.1 million in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, respectively. On October 3,
2023, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware dismissed all claims against us, and found that, contrary to the plaintiffs 
allegations, the class suffered no damages. The plaintiffs will have 30 days from entry of the final order to file an appeal. 

52 

Consolidated 

The
following is a discussion of certain of our consolidated expenses, and our consolidated income and expense line items below income from
operations. 

Related
Party Lease Costs. We lease office and parking space in a building and parking garage located at 520 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey
that was previously owned by Rafael Holdings. On August 22, 2022, Rafael Holdings sold the building and parking garage to an unrelated
third party. Our lease in that property continues with the new owner. We also lease office space in Israel from Rafael Holdings. The
Newark lease expires in April 2025 and the Israel lease expires in July 2025. In fiscal 2023, we incurred lease costs of 0.3 million
in connection with the Rafael Holdings leases, which excludes Newark lease costs after August 22, 2022. In fiscal 2022 and fiscal
2021, we incurred lease costs of 2.0 million and 1.9 million, respectively, in connection with the Rafael Holdings leases. Lease
costs incurred in connection with the Rafael Holdings leases are included in consolidated selling, general and administrative
expense. 

Stock-Based
Compensation Expense. Stock-based compensation expense included in consolidated selling, general and administrative expense was 4.5
million, 1.9 million, and 1.5 million in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, respectively. 

The
increase in stock-based compensation expense in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily due to the grant of deferred stock
units, or DSUs, that, upon vesting, will entitle the grantees to receive shares of our Class B common stock. In the fiscal 2023, we granted
an aggregate of 0.2 million DSUs to certain of our executive officers and other employees. The number of shares that will be issuable
on each vesting date will vary between 50 to 200 of the number of DSUs that vest on that vesting date, depending on the market price
for the underlying Class B common stock on the vesting date relative to the base price approved by the Compensation Committee of our
Board of Directors of 25.45 per share (which was based on the market price at the time of the initial grants under this program). On
May 17, 2023, the first vesting date under the program, in accordance with the program and based on certain elections made by grantees,
we issued 41,945 shares of our Class B common stock for vested DSUs. Based on those elections, vesting for 31,909 DSUs was delayed until
February 21, 2024. Subject to continued full time employment or other service to us, the remaining DSUs are scheduled to vest on February
21, 2024 and February 25, 2025. The grantees will have the right to elect a later vesting date no later than January 19, 2024 for the
February 21, 2024 vesting date. A grantee will have the option to elect a later vesting date for one-half or all of the shares scheduled
to vest on February 21, 2024 and any DSUs that do not vest based on the grantee s election, will be eligible to vest on February
25, 2025. We estimated that the fair value of the DSUs on the date of grants was an aggregate of 5.4 million, which is being recognized
on a graded vesting basis over the requisite service periods ending in February 2025. We used a risk neutral Monte Carlo simulation method
in our valuation of the DSUs, which simulated the range of possible future values of our Class B common stock over the life of the DSUs.
The weighted average grant date fair value per DSU was 27.21. At July 31, 2023, there was 2.3 million of total unrecognized compensation
cost related to non-vested DSUs. 

The
increase in stock-based compensation expense in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 was primarily due to expense related to the grant
in February 2022 of restricted shares of NRS Class B common stock to certain of our employees for which we recorded stock-based
compensation expense of 1.2 million, partially offset by reductions in expense for deferred stock units granted in June 2019. 

Effective
as of June 30, 2022, restricted shares of NRS Class B common stock were granted to certain NRS employees. The restrictions on
the shares will lapse in three installments on each of June 1, 2024, 2026, and 2027. The estimated fair value of the restricted shares
on the grant date was 3.3 million, which is being recognized over the vesting period. At July 31, 2023, unrecognized compensation cost
related to NRS non-vested Class B common stock was an aggregate of 2.6 million. The unrecognized compensation cost is expected
to be recognized over the remaining vesting period that ends in fiscal 2027. 

53 

(in millions) 

2023 change from 2022 
 2022 change from 2021 
 
 Year ended July 31 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 

Income from operations 
 60.7 
 60.1 
 57.0 
 0.6 
 1.1 
 3.1 
 5.4 
 
 Interest income, net 
 3.2 
 0.2 
 0.3 
 3.0 
 nm 
 (0.1 
 (54.1 
 
 Other (expense) income, net 
 (3.1 
 (25.4 
 7.9 
 22.3 
 87.8 
 (33.3 
 (420.3 
 
 (Provision for) benefit from income taxes 
 (16.4 
 (5.9 
 31.7 
 (10.5 
 (179.7 
 (37.6 
 (118.6 
 
 Net income 
 44.4 
 29.0 
 96.9 
 15.4 
 53.0 
 (67.9 
 (70.1 
 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 (3.9 
 (2.0 
 (0.4 
 (1.9 
 (96.0 
 (1.6 
 (375.2 
 
 Net income attributable to IDT Corporation 
 40.5 
 27.0 
 96.5 
 13.5 
 49.8 
 (69.5 
 (72.0 

nm not
meaningful 

Other
(Expense) Income, net. Other (expense) income, net consists of the following: 

(in millions) Year ended July 31 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Foreign currency transaction gains (losses) 
 3.3 
 (1.7 
 1.0 
 
 Equity in net loss of investee 
 (3.1 
 (3.0 
 (1.1 
 
 (Losses) gains on investments 
 (2.6 
 (19.3 
 8.8 
 
 Other 
 (0.7 
 (1.4 
 (0.8 
 
 TOTAL 
 (3.1 
 (25.4 
 7.9 

As
of February 2, 2021, we have an investment in convertible preferred stock of a communications company (the equity method investee, or
EMI). Our initial investment represented 23.95 of the outstanding shares of the EMI on an as converted basis, and on August 10, 2021,
our investment increased to 26.57 of the outstanding shares of the EMI on an as converted basis. On April 6, 2023, in accordance with
an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of April 5, 2023, the EMI merged with and into its subsidiary, with the subsidiary being the
surviving corporation. Each of the EMI s shareholders agreed to purchase additional shares of the EMI s convertible preferred
stock through May 31, 2023. Following the merger, the conversion of our notes receivable into EMI shares described below under Liquidity
and Capital Resources, Investing Activities, and the purchases of the additional EMI s shares, our ownership interest increased
to 33.3 of the EMI s outstanding shares. We account for this investment using the equity method since we can exercise significant
influence over the operating and financial policies of the EMI but we do not have a controlling interest. We determined that on the dates
of the acquisitions, there were difference between our investment in the EMI and our proportional interest in the equity of the EMI of
an aggregate of 8.2 million, which represented the share of the EMI s customer list on the dates of the acquisitions attributed
to our interest in the EMI. These basis differences are being amortized over the 6-year estimated life of the customer list. Equity
in net loss of investee also includes the amortization of the equity method basis difference. 

The
net losses on investments in fiscal 2023 included an unrealized loss of 7,000 on shares of Rafael Holdings Class B common stock.
The net losses on investments in fiscal 2022 included an unrealized loss of 14.1 million on shares of Rafael Holdings Class B
common stock. The net gains on investments in fiscal 2021 included an unrealized gain of 8.3 million on shares of Rafael Holdings 
Class B common stock. 

(Provision
for) Benefit from Income Taxes. In fiscal 2021, we released 46.5 million of our valuation allowance on the portion of our deferred
income tax assets that we are more likely than not going to utilize. This release was mostly related to domestic deferred income tax
assets. We used the framework of ASC Income Taxes (Topic 740) to determine whether the valuation allowance should be maintained
or reversed. We considered the scheduled expiration of our net operating losses included in our deferred tax assets, projected future
taxable income, and tax planning strategies in our assessment of the valuation allowance. The primary factors that resulted in the valuation
allowance release were the three consecutive years of profitability in the United States and expected future profitability in both the
United States and the United Kingdom that will utilize a significant portion of the net operating losses. Our tax planning strategies
were not a significant factor in the analysis. 

The
change in income tax expense in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 compared to the prior fiscal year, excluding the benefit from the valuation
allowance released in fiscal 2021, was primarily due to differences in the amount of taxable income earned in the various taxing jurisdictions. 

54 

Net
Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests. The change in the net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in fiscal
2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily due to increases in the net income of NRS and our VIE, as well as a reduction in the net loss
of net2phone 2.0. The change in the net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 was primarily
due to increases in the net income of NRS and our VIE, partially offset by an increase in the net loss of net2phone 2.0. 

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, we expect our cash from operations and the balance of cash, cash equivalents, debt securities, and
current equity investments that we held on July 31, 2023 will be sufficient to meet our currently anticipated working capital and capital
expenditure requirements during fiscal 2024. 

At
July 31, 2023, we had cash, cash equivalents, debt securities, and current equity investments of 152.2 million and working capital (current
assets in excess of current liabilities) of 93.0 million. 

We
treat unrestricted cash and cash equivalents held by IDT Payment Services, Inc. and IDT Payment Services of New York, LLC as substantially
restricted and unavailable for other purposes. At July 31, 2023, Cash and cash equivalents in our consolidated balance
sheet included an aggregate of 20.6 million held by IDT Payment Services, Inc. and IDT Payment Services of New York, LLC that was unavailable
for other purposes. 

Contractual
Obligations and Commitments 

The
following table includes our anticipated material cash requirements from contractual obligations and other commitments at July 31, 2023: 

Payments due by period (in millions) 
 Total 
 Less than 1 year 
 1 3 years 
 4 5 years 
 After 5 years 
 
 Purchase commitments 
 10.8 
 10.8 

Connectivity obligations under service agreements 
 0.6 
 0.1 
 0.5 

Operating leases including short-term leases 
 7.0 
 3.6 
 3.0 
 0.4 

TOTAL (1) 
 18.4 
 14.5 
 3.5 
 0.4 

(1) The
 above table does not include up to 10 million for the potential redemption of shares of
 NRS Class B common stock, an aggregate of 27.1 million in performance bonds, and
 up to 9.0 million for other potential payments including contingent consideration related
 to business acquisitions, due to the uncertainty of the amount and/or timing of any such
 payments. 

Consolidated
Financial Condition 

(in millions) Year ended July 31 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 
 54.1 
 29.4 
 66.6 
 
 Investing activities 
 (33.4 
 (33.8 
 (44.1 
 
 Financing activities 
 (15.8 
 (15.6 
 (4.5 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents 
 4.4 
 (17.4 
 7.7 
 
 Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents 
 9.3 
 (37.4 
 25.7 

Operating
Activities 

Our
cash flows from operations vary significantly from quarter to quarter and from year to year, depending on our operating results and the
timing of operating cash receipts and payments, specifically trade accounts receivable and trade accounts payable. 

Gross
trade accounts receivable decreased to 37.7 million at July 31, 2023 from 44.9 million at July 31, 2022 primarily due to collections
in fiscal 2023 that were greater than amounts billed during fiscal 2023. Gross trade accounts receivable increased to 44.9 million at
July 31, 2022 from 39.0 million at July 31, 2021 primarily due to amounts billed during fiscal 2022 that were greater than collections
in fiscal 2022. 

Deferred
revenue arises from sales of prepaid products and varies from period to period depending on the mix and the timing of revenues. Deferred
revenue decreased to 35.3 million at July 31, 2023 from 36.5 million at July 31, 2022 and 42.3 million at July 31, 2021 due to decreases
in the BOSS Revolution Calling and IDT Digital Payments deferred revenue balances. 

55 

Customer
deposit liabilities at IDTFS increased to 86.5 million at July 31, 2023 from 85.8 million at July 31, 2022 and decreased from 115.5
million at July 31, 2021. Our restricted cash and cash equivalents included 87.3 million, 86.6 million, and 115.8 million at July
31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, held by the bank. 

Beginning
in June 2019, as part of a commercial resolution, we indemnified one of our cable telephony customers related to patent infringement
claims brought against the customer. On May 8, 2023, we and the customer agreed to a release from the indemnification agreement in exchange
for 3.9 million, of which 1.9 million was paid on May 10, 2023, and the remainder will be paid in five monthly invoice deductions of
 0.4 million each. 

On
December 21, 2020, we received 2.0 million from the sale to a third party of all our rights under the Payment Card Interchange Fee and
Merchant Discount Antitrust Litigation related to claims that merchants paid excessive fees to accept Visa and Mastercard cards between
January 1, 2004 and January 25, 2019. 

On
June 21, 2018, the United States Supreme Court rendered a decision in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc., holding that a state may require
a remote seller with no physical presence in the state to collect and remit sales tax on goods and services provided to purchasers in
the state, overturning certain existing court precedent. It is possible that one or more jurisdictions may assert that we have liability
for periods for which we have not collected sales, use or other similar taxes, and if such an assertion or assertions were successful
it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, and operating results. One or more jurisdictions may change
their laws or policies to apply their sales, use or other similar taxes to our operations, and if such changes were made it could materially
and adversely affect our business, financial position, and operating results. 

As
discussed in Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 to Part II of this Annual Report, we (as well as other
defendants) have been named in a class action on behalf of the stockholders of our former subsidiary, Straight Path. On October 3, 2023,
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware dismissed all claims against us, and found that, contrary to the plaintiffs allegations,
the class suffered no damages. The plaintiffs will have 30 days from entry of the final order to file an appeal. 

Investing
Activities 

Our
capital expenditures were 22.0 million in fiscal 2023, 21.9 million in fiscal 2022, and 16.8 million in fiscal 2021. We currently
anticipate that total capital expenditures in fiscal 2024 will be 21 million to 23 million. We expect to fund our capital expenditures
with our net cash provided by operating activities and cash, cash equivalents, debt securities, and current equity investments on hand. 

On
March 3, 2022, net2phone 2.0 purchased all of the outstanding shares of Onwaba S.R.L. and Gem S.R.L. for cash of 7.1 million, net of
cash acquired. We also recorded an aggregate of 4.5 million for the estimated fair value of future payments subject to holdback and
contingent consideration. Onwaba S.R.L. and Gem S.R.L. are located in Uruguay and use the trade name Integra. The purchase price also
included 27,765 shares of our Class B common stock with a value of 1.0 million that were issued at closing. The potential future payments
were an aggregate of up to 3.3 million, half of which was paid in fiscal 2023 at the end of 12 months after closing and the remainder
will be paid at the end of 24 months after closing, subject to holdback for the settlement of claims against the sellers, if any. The
contingent consideration is an aggregate of up to 3.5 million based on annual cumulative incremental recurring seat revenue of the net2phone
segment over a four-year period, payable in cash and/or equity at net2phone 2.0 s discretion. 

On
March 1, 2022, our subsidiary, IDT International Telecom, Inc., or IDTIT, purchased all of the outstanding shares of Leaf for cash of
 0.3 million, net of cash acquired. We also recorded 3.3 million for the estimated fair value of contingent consideration. The contingent
consideration was an aggregate of up to 5.5 million based on annual gross profit over a five-year period. In fiscal 2023, we determined
that the requirements for a portion of the contingent consideration payments related to the Leaf acquisition would not be met. We recorded
a gain of 1.6 million on the write-off of this contingent consideration payment obligation, which was included in Other operating
(expense) gain, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. 

On
December 3, 2020, IDTIT acquired 51 of the issued shares of Sochitel for 2.4 million, net of cash acquired. We also recorded 0.4 million
for the estimated fair value of contingent consideration. In fiscal 2023, we paid contingent consideration of 0.5 million and recorded
an expense of 0.1 million, which was included in Other operating (expense) gain, net in the accompanying consolidated
statements of income. Pursuant to a Put/Call Option Agreement related to the 5 of the issued shares of Sochitel that the seller did
not initially sell to IDTIT, or the Option Shares, the seller exercised its option and on March 22, 2021, IDTIT purchased the Option
Shares for 0.3 million. On June 15, 2021, IDTIT purchased 19 of Sochitel s issued shares from the remaining noncontrolling interest
holder for 1.0 million. We also recorded 0.2 million for the estimated fair value of contingent consideration. In fiscal 2023, we paid
contingent consideration of 0.3 million and recorded an expense of 0.1 million, which was included in Other operating (expense)
gain, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. 

56 

As
of May 31, 2021, we purchased a warrant from the shareholders of a VIE for cash of 0.8 million, which is included in financing activities,
and a contingent payment of 0.1 million. We acquired cash of 3.3 million from the initial consolidation of the VIE, which is included
in investing activities. 

On
December 7, 2020, we purchased from Rafael Holdings 218,245 newly issued shares of Rafael Holding s Class B common stock and a
warrant to purchase up to 43,649 shares of Rafael Holding s Class B common stock at an exercise price of 22.91 at any time on
or after December 7, 2020 and on or prior to June 6, 2022. The aggregate purchase price was 5.0 million. The purchase price was based
on a per share price of 22.91, which was the closing price of Rafael Holding s Class B common stock on the New York Stock Exchange
on the trading day immediately preceding the purchase date. On March 15, 2021, we exercised the warrant in full and purchased 43,649
shares of Rafael Holding s Class B common stock for cash of 1.0 million. 

On
February 2, 2021, we paid 4.0 million to purchase shares of the EMI s convertible preferred stock, and on August 10, 2021, we
paid 1.1 million to purchase additional shares of the EMI s convertible preferred stock. The initial shares purchased represented
23.95 of the outstanding shares of the EMI on an as converted basis. The subsequent purchases increased our ownership to 26.57 on an
as converted basis. On April 6, 2023, in accordance with an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of April 5, 2023, the EMI merged with
and into its subsidiary, with the subsidiary being the surviving corporation. Effective with the merger, among other things, the notes
receivable from the EMI that we held with an aggregate principal and accrued interest of 4.0 million were converted into shares of the
subsidiary s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, or EMI Preferred Stock. In addition, each of the EMI s shareholders agreed
to purchase additional shares of EMI Preferred Stock, for which we paid 0.9 million in fiscal 2023 to purchase the additional shares.
Following the merger, the conversions, and the purchases of additional shares of EMI Preferred Stock, the Company s ownership increased
to 33.3 of the EMI s outstanding shares. As of July 27, 2023, the EMI s shareholders including us agreed to purchase additional
shares of EMI Preferred Stock. We subscribed to purchase additional shares for an aggregate of 1.0 million. In the first quarter of
fiscal 2024 through October 11, 2023, the Company paid 0.7 million to purchase the shares. 

Purchases
of debt securities and equity investments were 59.9 million, 24.5 million, and 43.2 million in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal
2021, respectively. Proceeds from maturities and sales of debt securities and redemptions of equity investments were 49.2 million, 21.2
million, and 26.2 million in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, respectively. 

Financing
Activities 

We
distributed cash of 0.3 million, 0.5 million, and 0.8 million in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, respectively, to the noncontrolling
interests in certain of our subsidiaries. 

In
fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, we received proceeds from financing-related other liabilities of 0.3 million, 2.3 million,
and 0.7 million, respectively. 

In
fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, we repaid financing-related other liabilities of 2.0 million, 1.3 million, and 0.1 million,
respectively. 

On
September 29, 2021, NRS sold shares of its Class B common stock representing 2.5 of its outstanding capital stock on a fully diluted
basis to Alta Fox Opportunities Fund LP, or Alta Fox, for cash of 10 million. Alta Fox has the right to request that NRS redeem all
or any portion of the NRS common shares that it purchased at the per share purchase price during a period of 182 days following the fifth
anniversary of this transaction. The redemption right shall terminate upon the consummation of (i) a sale of NRS or its assets for cash
or securities that are listed on a national securities exchange, (ii) a public offering of NRS securities, or (iii) a distribution
of NRS capital stock following which NRS common shares are listed on a national securities exchange. 

Our
subsidiary, IDT Telecom, Inc., or IDT Telecom, entered into a credit agreement, dated as of May 17, 2021, with TD Bank, N.A. for a revolving
credit facility for up to a maximum principal amount of 25.0 million. As of July 28, 2023, IDT Telecom and TD Bank, N.A. amended certain
terms of the credit agreement. IDT Telecom may use the proceeds to finance working capital requirements and for certain closing costs
of the facility. At July 31, 2023 and 2022, there were no amounts outstanding under this facility. In fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, IDT
Telecom borrowed and repaid an aggregate of 27.4 million and 2.6 million, respectively, under the facility. The revolving credit facility
is secured by primarily all of IDT Telecom s assets. The principal outstanding bears interest per annum at the secured overnight
financing rate published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York plus 10 basis points, plus depending upon IDT Telecom s leverage
ratio as computed for the most recent fiscal quarter, 125 to 175 basis points. Interest is payable monthly, and all outstanding principal
and any accrued and unpaid interest is due on May 16, 2026. IDT Telecom pays a quarterly unused commitment fee on the average daily balance
of the unused portion of the 25.0 million commitment of 30 to 85 basis points, depending upon IDT Telecom s leverage ratio as
computed for the most recent fiscal quarter. IDT Telecom is required to comply with various affirmative and negative covenants as well
as maintain certain targets based on financial ratios during the term of the revolving credit facility. As of July 31, 2023, IDT Telecom
was in compliance with all of the covenants. In the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we borrowed and repaid 25.0 million under the facility. 

57 

In
fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, we received cash from the exercise of stock options of 0.2 million, 0.1 million, and 0.7
million, respectively, for which we issued 12,500; 10,000; and 81,041 shares, respectively, of our Class B common stock. In addition,
in April 2022, Howard S. Jonas exercised stock options for 1.0 million shares of our Class B common stock that were granted on May 2,
2017. The exercise price of these options was 14.93 per share and the expiration date was May 1, 2022. Mr. Jonas used 528,635 shares
of our Class B common stock with a value of 14.9 million to pay the aggregate exercise price of the options. 

We
have an existing stock repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors for the repurchase of shares of our Class B common stock.
The Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 8.0 million shares in the aggregate. In fiscal 2023, we repurchased 511,546
shares of Class B common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 13.1 million. In fiscal 2022, we repurchased 554,744 shares of Class
B common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 13.4 million. In fiscal 2021, we repurchased 463,792 shares of Class B common stock
for an aggregate purchase price of 2.8 million. At July 31, 2023, 4.7 million shares remained available for repurchase under the stock
repurchase program. 

In
the first quarter of fiscal 2024 through October 11, 2023, we repurchased 124,530 shares of Class B common stock for an aggregate purchase
price of 2.8 million. 

In
fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, we paid 0.8 million, 9.0 million, and 1.3 million, respectively, to repurchase 28,227;
200,438; and 109,381 shares, respectively, of our Class B common stock that were tendered by employees of ours to satisfy the employees 
tax withholding obligations in connection with shares issued for bonus payments, the vesting of deferred stock units, and the lapsing
of restrictions on restricted stock. In addition, in April 2022, Mr. Jonas tendered 137,364 shares of our Class B common stock with a
value of 3.9 million to satisfy a portion of his tax obligations in connection with his stock option exercises. Such shares were repurchased
by us based on their fair market value as of the close of business on the trading day immediately prior to the vesting date. 

Other
Sources and Uses of Resources 

We
are considering spin-offs and other potential dispositions of certain of our subsidiaries. Some of the transactions under consideration
are in early stages and others are more advanced. A spin-off may include the contribution of a significant amount of cash, cash equivalents,
debt securities, and/or equity securities to the subsidiary prior to the spin-off, which would reduce our capital resources. There is
no assurance that any of these transactions will be completed. 

We
intend to, where appropriate, make strategic investments and acquisitions to complement, expand, and/or enter into new businesses. In
considering acquisitions and investments, we search for opportunities to profitably grow our existing businesses and/or to add qualitatively
to the range and diversification of businesses in our portfolio. We cannot guarantee that we will be presented with acquisition opportunities
that meet our return-on-investment criteria, or that our efforts to make acquisitions that meet our criteria will be successful. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks. 

Foreign
Currency Risk 

Revenues
from our international operations were 28 , 29 , and 22 of our consolidated revenues in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, respectively.
On February 1, 2021, we restructured certain operations for tax purposes resulting in the change of geographic sourcing of revenues from
the United States to the United Kingdom. A significant portion of our revenues is in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. Our foreign
currency exchange risk is somewhat mitigated by our ability to offset a portion of these non-U.S. Dollar-denominated revenues with operating
expenses that are paid in the same currencies. While the impact from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates affects our revenues and
expenses denominated in foreign currencies, the net amount of our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate changes at the end of each
reporting period is generally not material. 

58 

Investment
Risk 

We
hold a portion of our assets in debt and equity securities, including hedge funds, for strategic and speculative purposes. At July 31,
2023 and 2022, the value of our debt and equity security holdings was an aggregate of 58.5 million and 46.8 million, respectively,
which represented 11 and 9 of our total assets at July 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Investments in debt and equity securities carry
a degree of risk and depend to a great extent on correct assessments of the future course of price movements of securities and other
instruments. There can be no assurance that our investment managers will be able to accurately predict these price movements. The securities
markets have in recent years been characterized by great volatility and unpredictability. Accordingly, the value of our investments may
go down as well as up and we may not receive the amounts originally invested upon redemption. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and the report of the independent registered public accounting firm thereon starting
on page F-1 are included herein. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective as of July 31, 2023. 

Report
of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We,
the management of IDT Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company ), are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting of the Company. 

The
Company s internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial
officers and effected by the Company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States and includes those policies and procedures that: 

1. Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the
 transactions and dispositions of assets of the Company; 

2. Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
 financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that
 receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
 of management and directors of the Company; and 

3. Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
 use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the
 financial statements. 

Management
has assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2023. In making this assessment,
the Company s management used the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
we conducted an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting, as prescribed above, as of July 31, 2023. Based on our evaluation,
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting
as of July 31, 2023 was effective based on the criteria established in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued
by COSO. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Grant
Thornton, LLP has provided an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2023. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

59 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board
of Directors and Stockholders 

 IDT
Corporation 

Opinion
on internal control over financial reporting 

We
have audited the internal control over financial reporting of IDT Corporation (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of July 31, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material
respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 

We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ),
the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended July 31, 2023, and our report dated October 16, 2023
expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 

Basis
for opinion 

The
Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect
to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit
included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists,
testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other
procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Definition
and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 

A
company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/
GRANT THORNTON LLP 

New
York, New York 

 October
16, 2023 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

60 

Part
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The
following is a list of our directors and executive officers along with the specific information required by Rule 14a-3 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934: 

Executive
Officers 

Shmuel
Jonas Chief Executive Officer 

Howard
S. Jonas Chairman 

Marcelo
Fischer Chief Financial Officer 

Bill
Pereira President and Chief Operating Officer 

Mitch
Silberman Chief Accounting Officer and Controller 

Joyce
J. Mason Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 

Menachem
Ash Executive Vice President of Strategy and Legal Affairs 

Nadine
Shea Executive Vice President of Global Human Resources 

David
Wartell Chief Technology Officer 

Directors 

Howard
S. Jonas Chairman of the Board 

Liora
Stein Member of the Board 

Michael
Chenkin Certified Public Accountant; previously worked in the Audit Department of Coopers and Lybrand and as a consultant to the
securities industry 

Eric
F. Cosentino Former Rector of the Episcopal Church of the Divine Love, Montrose, New York 

Judah
Schorr Founder of Judah Schorr MD PC, an anesthesia provider to hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and medical offices, and
has been its President and owner since its inception 

Bill
Pereira Ex Officio (non-voting) member of the Board 

The
remaining information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will
be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2022, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Corporate
Governance 

We
have included as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K certificates of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
certifying the quality of our public disclosure. 

We
make available free of charge through the investor relations page of our web site (www.idt.net/ir) our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, and all beneficial ownership reports on Forms
3, 4, and 5 filed by directors, officers and beneficial owners of more than 10 of our equity, as soon as reasonably practicable after
such reports are electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We have adopted codes of business conduct and ethics
for all of our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Copies
of the codes of business conduct and ethics are available on our web site. 

Our
web site and the information contained therein or incorporated therein are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on
Form 10-K or our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

The
information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2023, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2023, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

The
information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2023, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The
information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2023, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

61 

Part
IV 

Item
15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) The
 following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

1. Report
 of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated
Financial Statements covered by Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

2. Financial
 Statement Schedule. 

All
schedules have been omitted since they are either included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements or not required or not applicable. 

3. Exhibits.
 Exhibit Numbers 10.01, 10.02, 10.03, 10.04, and 10.05 are management contracts or compensatory
 plans or arrangements. 

The
exhibits listed in paragraph (b) of this Item are filed, furnished, or incorporated by reference as part of this 
Form 10-K. 

Certain
of the agreements filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K contain representations and warranties by the parties to the agreements that have
been made solely for the benefit of the parties to the agreement. These representations and warranties: 

may
 have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other parties in connection with
 the negotiation of the agreements, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the
 agreements; 

may
 apply standards of materiality that differ from those of a reasonable investor; and 

were
 made only as of specified dates contained in the agreements and are subject to subsequent
 developments and changed circumstances. 

Accordingly,
these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date that these representations and warranties
were made or at any other time. Investors should not rely on them as statements of fact. 

62 

(b) Exhibits. 

Exhibit Number 
 Description of Exhibits 
 
 3.01(1) 
 Third Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. 

3.02(2) 
 Eighth Amended and Restated By-laws of the Registrant. 

4.2(3) 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

10.01(4) 
 Fifth Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated December 16, 2020, between the Registrant and Howard S. Jonas. 

10.02(5) 
 2005 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, of IDT Corporation. 

10.03(6) 
 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, of IDT Corporation. 

10.04(7) 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 12, 2015, between IDT Telecom and Bill Pereira. 

10.05(8) 
 Agreement, dated December 5, 2017, between IDT Corporation, Bill Pereira and IDT Telecom. 

21.01 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

23.01 
 Consent of Grant Thornton, LLP 

31.01 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.02 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.01 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.02 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

filed
 herewith. 

(1) Incorporated
 by reference to Form 8-K, filed April 5, 2011. 

(2) Incorporated
 by reference to Form 8-K, filed September 23, 2022. 

(3) Incorporated
 by reference to Form 10-K/A, filed December 22, 2020. 

(4) Incorporated
 by reference to Form 8-K, filed December 22, 2020. 

(5) Incorporated
 by reference to Schedule 14A, filed November 5, 2013. 

(6) Incorporated
 by reference to Form S-8, filed October 14, 2021. 

(7) Incorporated
 by reference to Form 8-K, filed January 14, 2015. 

(8) Incorporated
 by reference to Form 8-K, filed December 5, 2017. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

63 

Signatures 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report
on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

IDT
 CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/
 Shmuel Jonas 

Shmuel
 Jonas 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Date:
October 16, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons
on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Titles 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Shmuel Jonas 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 October
 16, 2023 
 
 Shmuel
 Jonas 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Marcelo Fischer 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 October
 16, 2023 
 
 Marcelo
 Fischer 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Mitch Silberman 
 
 Chief
 Accounting Officer and Controller 
 
 October
 16, 2023 
 
 Mitch
 Silberman 
 
 (Principal
 Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Howard S. Jonas 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board 
 
 October
 16, 2023 
 
 Howard
 S. Jonas 

/s/
 Liora Stein 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 16, 2023 
 
 Liora
 Stein 

/s/
 Michael Chenkin 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 16, 2023 
 
 Michael
 Chenkin 

/s/
 Eric F. Cosentino 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 16, 2023 
 
 Eric
 F. Cosentino 

/s/
 Judah Schorr 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 16, 2023 
 
 Judah
 Schorr 

64 

IDT
Corporation 
 
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of July 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended July 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended July 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended July 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended July 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board
of Directors and Stockholders 

IDT
Corporation 

Opinion
on the financial statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of IDT Corporation (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of July 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of
the three years in the period ended July 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of July 31,
2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended July 31, 2023, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ),
the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ),
and our report dated October 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 

Basis
for opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits
included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
audit matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

October
16, 2023 

F- 2 

IDT
CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

July 31 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash and cash equivalents 

Debt securities 

Equity investments 

Trade accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and at July 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Settlement assets, net of reserve of and at July 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Disbursement prefunding 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Other intangibles, net 

Equity investments 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Deferred income tax assets, net 

Other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTEREST, AND EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Trade accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Customer deposits 

Settlement liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 
 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interest 

EQUITY: 

IDT Corporation stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; authorized shares ; shares issued 

Class A common stock, par value; authorized shares ; shares issued and shares outstanding at July 31, 2023 and 2022 

Class B common stock, par value; authorized shares ; and shares issued and and shares outstanding at July 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Common
 stock, value 

Additional paid-in capital 

Treasury stock, at cost, consisting of and shares of Class A common stock and and shares of Class B common stock at July 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) 

Total IDT Corporation stockholders equity 

Noncontrolling interests 

TOTAL EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTEREST, AND EQUITY 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

IDT
CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

Year ended July 31 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 REVENUES 

COSTS AND EXPENSES: 

Direct cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 

Selling, general and administrative (i) 

Depreciation and amortization 

Severance 

TOTAL COSTS AND EXPENSES 

Other operating (expense) gain, net (see Note 14) 

Income from operations 

Interest income, net 

Other (expense) income, net 

Income before income taxes 

(Provision for) benefit from income taxes 

NET INCOME 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO IDT CORPORATION 

Earnings per share attributable to IDT Corporation common stockholders: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted-average number of shares used in calculation of earnings per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

(i) Stock-based compensation included in selling, general and administrative expense 

(i) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

IDT
CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Year ended July 31 (in thousands) 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 NET INCOME 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Change in unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Other comprehensive loss 

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO IDT CORPORATION 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

IDT
CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (in thousands) 

IDT
 Corporation Stockholders 

Class
 A Common Stock 
 Class
 B Common Stock 
 Additional
 Paid-In 
 Treasury 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive 
 (Accumulated
 Deficit) Retained 
 Noncontrolling 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Stock 
 Loss 
 Earnings 
 Interests 
 Equity 
 
 BALANCE
 AT JULY 31, 2020 

Exercise
 of stock options 

Repurchases
 of Class B common stock through repurchase program 

Restricted
 Class B common stock purchased from employees 

Stock
 issued for matching contributions to the 401(k) Plan 

Grant
 of restricted equity in subsidiary 

Business
 acquisition 

Acquisition
 of interest in variable interest entity 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Distributions
 to noncontrolling interests 

Other
 comprehensive loss 

Net
 income for the year ended July 31, 2021 

BALANCE
 AT JULY 31, 2021 

Exercise
 of stock options by Howard S. Jonas 

Exercise
 of stock options 

Repurchases
 of Class B common stock through repurchase program 

Restricted
 Class B common stock purchased from employees 

Business
 acquisition 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Distributions
 to noncontrolling interests 

Other
 comprehensive loss 

Net
 income for the year ended July 31, 2022 

BALANCE
 AT JULY 31, 2022 

BALANCE

Exercise
 of stock options 

Repurchases
 of Class B common stock through repurchase program 

Restricted
 Class B common stock purchased from employees 

Stock
 issued to certain executive officers for bonus payments 

Business acquisition 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Distributions
 to noncontrolling interests 

Other
 comprehensive loss 

Net
 income for the year ended July 31, 2023 

Net
 income 

BALANCE
 AT JULY 31, 2023 

BALANCE 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

IDT
CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year ended July 31 (in thousands) 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Deferred income taxes 

Provision for doubtful accounts receivable and reserve for settlement assets 

Net unrealized loss (gain) from marketable securities 

Stock-based compensation 

Other 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Trade accounts receivable 

Settlement assets, disbursement prefunding, prepaid expenses, other current assets, and other assets 

Trade accounts payable, accrued expenses, settlement liabilities, other current liabilities, and other liabilities 

Customer deposits at IDT Financial Services Limited (Gibraltar-based bank) 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Capital expenditures 

Payments for acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

Cash acquired from acquisition of interest in variable interest entity 

Purchase of Rafael Holdings, Inc. Class B common stock and warrant 

Exercise of warrant to purchase shares of Rafael Holdings, Inc. Class B common stock 

Purchase of convertible preferred stock in equity method investment 

Purchases of debt securities and equity investments 

Proceeds from maturities and sales of debt securities and redemption of equity investments 

Net cash used in investing activities 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Distributions to noncontrolling interests 

Payment for acquisition of warrant in variable interest entity 

Proceeds from other liabilities 

Repayment of other liabilities 

Proceeds from sale of redeemable equity in subsidiary 

Proceeds from borrowings under revolving credit facility 

Repayments of borrowings under revolving credit facility 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Repurchases of Class B common stock 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash
 equivalents 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash payments made for interest 

Cash payments made for income taxes 

SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Conversion of equity method investment s secured promissory notes into convertible preferred stock 

Stock issued to certain executive officers for bonus payments 

Liabilities incurred for acquisitions 

Shares of the Company s Class B common stock issued for acquisition 

Cashless exercise of stock options in exchange for shares of the Company s Class B common stock 

Stock issued for matching contributions to the 401(k) Plan 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the outstanding shares of its subsidiary, net2phone 2.0, Inc. net2phone 2.0 ), which owns and operates the
net2phone segment, and 
of the outstanding shares of NRS, and, on a fully diluted basis assuming all the vesting criteria related to various rights granted
have been met and other assumptions, the Company would own 
of net2phone 2.0 and 
of NRS. 

million previously included in Trade accounts
 receivable, million previously included in Allowance for doubtful accounts, 
 and million previously included in Other current assets at July 31, 2022
 was reclassified to Settlement assets 

In
 the consolidated balance sheet, million previously included in Trade accounts payable, 
and million previously included in Other current
 liabilities at July 31, 2022 was reclassified to Settlement liabilities 
 and 

In
 the consolidated statements of cash flows, cash used for Trade accounts receivable 
 in the years ended July 31, 2022 and 2021 of million and million, respectively,
 was reclassified to cash used for Settlement assets, disbursement prefunding, prepaid
 expenses, other current assets, and other assets . 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Settlement
liabilities represent obligations relating to amounts payable under international money remittance and related value/payment transfer
services. These obligations are recognized by the Company at the time the underlying transaction occurs. The Company records corresponding
settlement assets for the funds to be received. 

and years; computer software years; and furniture and fixtures 
years. Leasehold improvements are recorded at cost and are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the term of their lease or their
estimated useful lives, whichever is shorter. 

Non-compete agreements, customer relationships, and tradenames are
amortized over their estimated useful lives (see Notes 6 and 12). 

The
Company tests the recoverability of its property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets with finite useful lives whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. The Company tests for recoverability
based on the projected undiscounted cash flows to be derived from such asset. If the projected undiscounted future cash flows are less
than the carrying value of the asset, the Company will record an impairment loss, if any, based on the difference between the estimated
fair value and the carrying value of the asset. The Company generally measures fair value by considering sale prices for similar assets
or by discounting estimated future cash flows from such asset using an appropriate discount rate. Cash flow projections and fair value
estimates require significant estimates and assumptions by management. Should the estimates and assumptions prove to be incorrect, the
Company may be required to record impairments in future periods and such impairments could be material. 

million, million, and million, respectively. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

These costs consist of payments made
to third parties and the salaries of employees working on such software development. Subsequent additions, modifications or upgrades
to internal-use software are capitalized only to the extent that they allow the software to perform a task it previously did not perform.
Software maintenance and training costs are charged to expense in the period in which they are incurred. Capitalized internal use software
costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Amortization expense related to such capitalized software
in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. Unamortized capitalized
internal use software costs at July 31, 2023 and 2022 were million and million, respectively. 

percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Differences between tax positions taken in a tax return and amounts
recognized in the financial statements will generally result in one or more of the following: an increase in a liability for income taxes
payable, a reduction of an income tax refund receivable, a reduction in a deferred tax asset, or an increase in a deferred tax liability. 

The
Company classifies interest and penalties on income taxes as a component of income tax expense. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Effect of dilutive securities: 

Stock options 

Non-vested restricted Class B common stock 

Diluted weighted-average number of shares 

,
 ,
and 
of its consolidated revenues in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, respectively. The Company s customers with the five
largest receivable balances collectively accounted for 
and 
of the consolidated gross trade accounts receivable at July 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. This concentration of customers increases
the Company s risk associated with nonpayment by those customers. In an effort to reduce such risk, the Company performs ongoing
credit evaluations of its significant customers. In addition, the Company attempts to mitigate the credit risk related to specific IDT
Global customers by also buying services from the customer, in order to create an opportunity to offset its payables and receivables
and reduce its net trade receivable exposure risk. When it is practical to do so, the Company will increase its purchases from IDT Global
customers with receivable balances that exceed the Company s applicable payables in order to maximize the offset and reduce its
credit risk. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Effective with the adoption of ASU 2016-13 on August 1, 2023, the
Company will record an expense based on a forward-looking current expected credit loss model to maintain an allowance for credit losses.
When determining the allowance for trade accounts receivable, the Company will consider the probability of recoverability of accounts
receivable based on past experience, taking into account current collection trends and general economic factors, including bankruptcy
rates. The Company will also consider future economic trends to estimate expected credit losses over the lifetime of the asset. Credit
risks will be assessed based on historical write-offs, net of recoveries, as well as an analysis of the aged accounts receivable balances
with allowances generally increasing as the receivable ages. Accounts receivable may be fully reserved for when specific collection issues
are known to exist, such as pending bankruptcies. The adoption of the new standard did not have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements. 

Reserve
 for losses on settlement assets 

Total 

2022 

Deducted from asset accounts: 

Allowance for doubtful
 accounts 

Reserve
 for losses on settlement assets 

Total 

2021 

Deducted from asset accounts: 

Allowance for doubtful
 accounts 

Reserve
 for losses on settlement assets 

Total 

(1) 

IDT
 CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

reportable business segments reflect management s current approach to analyzing results,
its resource allocation strategy, and its assessment of business performance. The NRS segment was previously included in the Company s
Fintech segment. In addition, certain lines of business were reclassified to the Fintech segment from the Traditional Communications segment.
Comparative segment information has been reclassified and restated in all periods to conform to the current period presentation. 

Corporate
costs mainly include compensation, consulting fees, treasury, tax and accounting services, human resources, corporate purchasing, corporate
governance including Board of Directors fees, internal and external audit, investor relations, corporate insurance, corporate
legal, and other corporate-related general and administrative expenses. Corporate does not generate any revenues, nor does it incur any
direct cost of revenues. 

IDT
 CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

(Loss) income from operations 

Depreciation and amortization 

Year ended July 31, 2022 

Revenues 

(Loss) income from operations 

Depreciation and amortization 

Year ended July 31, 2021 

Revenues 

(Loss) income from operations 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total
assets for the reportable segments are not provided because a significant portion of the Company s assets service multiple
segments and the Company does not track such assets separately by segment. 

Geographic
Information 

Total assets 

July 31, 2022 

Long-lived assets, net 

Total assets 

IDT
 CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

BOSS
Revolution Calling direct-to-consumer 

BOSS
Revolution Calling direct-to-consumer is offered on a pay-as-you-go basis or in unlimited plans. The customer prepays for service in
both cases, which results in a contract liability (deferred revenue). The contract term for pay-as-you-go plans is minute-to-minute and
includes separate performance obligations for the series of material rights to renew the contract. The performance obligation is satisfied
immediately after it arises, and the amount of consideration is known when the obligation is satisfied. Since the Company s satisfaction
of its performance obligation and the customer s use of the service occur simultaneously, the Company recognizes revenue at the
point in time when minutes are utilized, since the customer obtained control and the Company has a present right to payment. For unlimited
plans, the Company has a stand-ready obligation to provide service over time for an agreed upon term. Unlimited plans include fixed consideration
over the term. Plan fees for unlimited plans are generally refundable at the request of the customer up to three days after payment if
there was no usage. Since the Company s satisfaction of its performance obligation and the customer s use of the service
occur over the term of the plan, the Company recognizes revenue over a period of time as the service is rendered. The Company uses an
output method as time elapses because it reflects the pattern by which the Company satisfies its performance obligation through the transfer
of service to the customer. The fixed upfront consideration is recognized evenly over the service period, which is generally 24 hours,
7 days, or one month. 

BOSS
Revolution Calling sold through distributors and retailers 

BOSS
Revolution Calling sold through distributors and retailers is the same service as BOSS Revolution Calling sold direct-to-consumer. The
Company sells capacity to international calling minutes to retailers, or to distributors who resell to retailers. The retailer or distributor
is the Company s customer in these transactions. The Company s sales price to retailers and distributors, net of discounts,
is less than the end user rate for BOSS Revolution Calling minutes. The customer or the Company may terminate their agreement at any
time upon thirty days written notice without penalty. Retailers may sell BOSS Revolution Calling on a pay-as-you-go basis or in unlimited
plans. As described above, for pay-as-you-go, the Company recognizes revenue at the point in time when minutes are utilized, and for
unlimited plans, the Company recognizes revenue over a period of time as the service is rendered. Retailers and distributors also receive
initial commissions upon sale to end users, and renewal commissions when certain end users subsequently purchase minutes directly from
the Company. Initial and renewal commission payments are accounted for as a reduction of the transaction price over time as the end user
uses the service. 

IDT
Global 

IDT
Global services are offered to both postpaid and prepaid customers. Postpaid customers are billed in arrears and typically consist of
credit-worthy companies such as Tier 1 carriers and mobile network operators. Prepaid customers are typically smaller communications
companies and independent call aggregators. There is no performance obligation until the transport and termination of international long-distance
calls commences. The initial contract durations range from six months to one year, and generally have successive extensions. During the initial term,
the contract can only be terminated in certain instances (such as bankruptcy of either party, damage to the other party s network,
fraud, or breach of contract). However, no penalties are applied if the agreement is terminated in the initial term. After the initial
term has expired, either party may terminate the agreement with notice of 30 days to 60 days depending on the agreement. The term of
the contract is essentially minute-to-minute as there is no penalty for an early termination and no obligation to send traffic. 

Each
iteration is a separate optional purchase that occurs over the contract duration (that is, minute-by-minute). The satisfaction
of the performance obligation is occurring at a point in time (as the minutes are transferred) because the provision of the service and
the satisfaction of the performance obligation are essentially occurring simultaneously. Revenue is recognized at the point in time upon
delivery of the service. 

The
Company has not generally entered into contracts that have retroactive pricing features. Additionally, as the performance obligations
are considered minute-by-minute obligations in the original contract, any modification of the original contract that leads to a conclusion
that there is a new contract would not result in any adjustment related to the original contract s consideration. 

The
Company provides discounts to its larger customers based on the expectation of a significant volume of minutes that are consistent with
that class of customer in the wholesale carrier market. The discounts do not provide a material right to the customer because the customer
receives the same pricing for all usage under the contract. 

IDT
Global s contracts may include tiered pricing based on minute volumes. The Company determined that its retroactive tiered pricing
should be accounted for as variable consideration because the final transaction price is unknown until the customer completes or fails
to complete the specified threshold. Currently, contracts with retroactive tiered pricing are not material. The Company estimates the
amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price only to the extent that it is probable that a subsequent change
in the estimate would not result in a significant revenue reversal. 

IDT
 CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The
Company enters into Notification of Reciprocal Transmission NORT transactions, in which the Company commits to purchase
a specific number of wholesale carrier minutes to other specific destinations at specified rates, and the counterparty commits to purchase
from the Company a specific number of minutes to specific destinations at specified rates. The number of minutes purchased and sold is
not necessarily the same. The rates in these reciprocal transactions are generally not at prevailing market rates, and the amounts paid
to the counterparty in excess of market rates are reflected as a reduction in revenue received from the customer. In addition, the Company
enters into transactions in which it swaps minutes with another carrier. The Company recognizes revenue and the related direct cost of
revenue for these reciprocal and swap transactions based on the fair value of the minutes. 

IDT
Global s NORT contracts include the promise of minimum guaranteed amounts of traffic. The performance obligation represents a stand
ready obligation to provide the specified number of minutes over the contractual term. The initial terms of NORT contracts generally
range from one month to six months. Since the Company s satisfaction of its performance obligation of routing calls to their destination
includes a minimum guaranteed amount of traffic, the Company recognizes revenue over a period of time as the service is rendered. The
customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Company s performance as the Company performs. The Company
uses an output method as the usage of minutes occur because it reflects the pattern by which the Company satisfies its performance obligation
through the transfer of service to the customer. 

National
Retail Solutions 

NRS
earns revenue from (1) the sale of POS terminals to retailers, (2) a monthly recurring charge for its software license, software upgrades, and help desk support (collectively, the Software services ), (3) fees
for advertising on the POS terminals, (4) sales of the data collected by the POS terminals to data aggregators and others, and (5) merchant
services commissions for the processing of credit and debit card transactions on the POS terminals. 

NRS
sells its POS terminals to retailers. The terminals include, at the retailer s option, a cash register, a barcode scanner,
retailer and customer-facing hi-definition screens, a receipt printer, and a credit card reader. The arrangement with the customer
includes the equipment sale including embedded POS software, as well as the Software services. Each hardware component and the
Software services is a separate performance obligation because each is a distinct good or service that can be obtained from
alternate providers. The transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation based on the relative standalone selling price SSP ). The SSP reflects the amount the Company would charge for each
performance obligation if it were sold separately in a standalone sale to similar customers in similar circumstances. The SSP for POS
terminals is generally estimated using the residual approach. Equipment revenue is recognized at the point in time when the customer has physical possession of the
POS terminal, which is when the customer can use the POS terminal and embedded software and has the risks and rewards of ownership.
Revenue from the Software services is recognized ratably over the term of
the contract because satisfaction of the performance obligation and the customer s use of the service occur evenly over the
term. 

NRS
sells advertising on the POS terminal s high-definition screens through internal sales agents, third-party brokers, and real-time
auctions on exchange platforms known as programmatic advertising. For advertising sold through its agents or a broker, as well as for a portion of its programmatic
advertising , NRS is the principal
because it is responsible for performing the service by delivering advertisements according to the customer s requirements. For
the portion of its programmatic advertising where NRS does not control the ad space before it is provided to the customer, NRS acts as
an agent of the advertising exchange. NRS records gross revenues based on the amount billed to the customer when it is the principal
in the arrangement and records revenue net of the associated costs incurred when it acts as an agent in the arrangement. The performance
obligation is satisfied, and revenue is recognized during the period of time when the advertisement is broadcast on the POS terminal. 

NRS
captures targeted, daily data from the POS terminals that it sells to customers. The performance obligation is the provision of a data
report, generally one report per POS terminal per week, where each report is a distinct good that is not interrelated with another report.
Customers purchase data reports generally for an annual fee per POS terminal. The consideration is variable because it depends on the
number of POS terminals selected. The performance obligation is satisfied, and revenue is recognized, at the point in time when the customer
receives a data report because the customer obtains control and has the benefit of the data. The amount recognized per report is the
same for each report since each report has the same standalone value to the customer. 

NRS 
merchant services, called NRS PAY, enable retailers to accept and process payments made by credit and debit cards. NRS PAY
revenue is a monthly fee plus a percentage of the transaction amount plus a flat rate per transaction. There is no separate charge
for the credit card reader provided to the retailers, which remains NRS property and must be returned upon termination of NRS
PAY. Merchant services are provided as an agent of the payment processor or funding bank, therefore NRS records revenue net of the
associated costs incurred. The performance obligation is satisfied, and revenue is recognized when the payment is processed. 

The retailers use of the credit card reader is a separate performance
obligation that meets the definition of a lease. The lease consideration is included in the NRS PAY monthly recurring charge. NRS accounts
for the non-lease and lease components as a single performance obligation in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) ASC 606 because the timing and pattern of transfer of both components is
the same, and the non-lease component is the predominant component. 

IDT
 CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

net2phone 

net2phone
earns revenue primarily through the provision of cloud communications service for businesses. The service is priced on a per-seat basis,
and its subscription revenue is a monthly fee per seat. Revenue is primarily recognized over the monthly service period. Revenue from
the sale of telephone equipment is recognized at a point in time when the equipment is delivered to the customer. 

net2phone
leases telephone equipment to certain customers, which is a separate performance obligation that meets the definition of a lease. The
lease consideration is included in the monthly recurring charge. net2phone accounts for the non-lease and lease components as a single
performance obligation in accordance with ASC 606 because the timing and pattern of transfer of both components is the same, and the
non-lease component is the predominant component. 

Disaggregated
Revenues 

Other 

Total Fintech 

National Retail Solutions 

net2phone 

IDT Digital Payments 

BOSS Revolution Calling 

IDT Global 

Other 

Total Traditional
 Communications 

TOTAL 

Revenues 

Outside the United States: 

United Kingdom 

Other 

Total outside the
 United States 

TOTAL 

Year ended July 31, 2022 

United States 

Outside the United States: 

United Kingdom 

Other 

Total outside the
 United States 

TOTAL 

Year ended July 31, 2021 

United States 

Outside the United States: 

United Kingdom 

Other 

Total outside the
 United States 

TOTAL 

Revenues 

IDT
 CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Remaining
Performance Obligations 

The following table includes revenue by business segment expected
to be recognized in the future from performance obligations that were unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied as of July 31, 2023. The table
excludes contracts that had an original expected duration of one year or less. 

2025 

Thereafter 

TOTAL 

Accounts
Receivable and Contract Balances 

The
timing of revenue recognition may differ from the time of billing to the Company s customers. Trade accounts receivable in the
Company s consolidated balance sheets represent unconditional rights to consideration. The Company would record a contract
asset when revenue is recognized in advance of its right to bill and receive consideration. The Company has not currently identified
any contract assets. 

Contract
liabilities arise when the Company receives consideration or bills its customers prior to providing the goods or services promised in
the contract. The Company s contract liability balance is primarily payments received for prepaid BOSS Revolution Calling. Contract
liabilities are recognized as revenue when services are provided to the customer. The contract liability balances are presented in the
Company s consolidated balance sheets as Deferred revenue . The Company s revenue recognized in fiscal 2023,
fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021 from amounts included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of the period was million,
 million, and million, respectively. 

The
Company estimates its expected breakage revenue by revenue stream recorded each month, based on inputs and assumptions about usage of
the deferred revenue balances. The Company used its historical deferred revenue usage data by revenue stream to calculate the percentage
of deferred revenue by month that will become breakage. The historical data indicated that customers utilized a very high percentage of
minutes purchased in the first three months. The Company periodically reviews its estimates based on updated data and adjusts the monthly
estimates accordingly. 

Deferred
Customer Contract Acquisition and Fulfillment Costs 

The
Company recognizes as an asset its incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer that it expects to recover. The Company s
incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer are sales commissions paid to employees and third parties on sales to end users.
If the amortization period were one year or less for the asset that would be recognized from deferring these costs, the Company applies
the practical expedient whereby the Company charges these costs to expense when incurred. For net2phone sales, the Company defers these
costs and amortizes them over the expected customer relationship period when it is expected to exceed one year. 

The
Company s costs to fulfill its contracts do not meet the criteria to be recognized as an asset, therefore these costs are charged
to expense as incurred. 

Deferred customer
 contract acquisition costs included in Other assets 

TOTAL 

In
fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, the Company s amortization of deferred customer contract acquisition costs was 
million, million, and million, respectively. 

IDT
 CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

to . net2phone also has operating leases for office equipment. Certain of these leases include renewal options that may be
exercised and/or options to terminate the lease. The Company has concluded that it is not reasonably certain that it would exercise any
of these options. 

net2phone
is the lessee under equipment leases that are classified as finance leases. The assets and liabilities related to these finance leases
are not material to the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

The
Company leases office and parking space in a building and parking garage located at 520 Broad St, Newark, New Jersey that was
previously owned by the Company s former subsidiary, Rafael Holdings, Inc. Rafael ). On August 22, 2022, Rafael
sold the building and parking garage to an unrelated third party. The Company s lease in that property continues with the new
owner. The Company leases office space in Israel from Rafael. Howard S. Jonas, the Chairman of the Company (an executive officer
position) and the Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors, is also the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Executive
Chairman of Rafael. In fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021,
the Company incurred lease costs in connection with the Rafael leases of 
million (which excludes Newark lease costs after August 22, 2022), 
million, and 
million, respectively. Lease costs incurred in connection with the Rafael leases is included in operating lease cost in the table
below. 

Short-term lease
 cost 

TOTAL
 LEASE COST 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement
 of lease liabilities: 

Operating
 cash flows from operating leases 

Cash
paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases 

years 
 years 
 
 Weighted-average
 discount rate-operating leases 

In
fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, the Company obtained right-of-use assets of million, 
 million, and 
 million, respectively, in exchange for new operating
lease liabilities. 

Operating lease liabilities
 included in noncurrent liabilities 

TOTAL 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Total operating lease
 liabilities 

IDT
 CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Restricted cash and
 cash equivalents 

TOTAL
 CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

At
July 31, 2023 and 2022, restricted cash and cash equivalents included million and million, respectively, in restricted cash
and cash equivalents for customer deposits held by IDT Financial Services. Certain of the electronic money financial services regulations
in Gibraltar require IDT Financial Services to safeguard cash held for customer deposits, segregate cash held for customer deposits from
any other cash that IDT Financial Services holds and utilize the cash only for the intended payment transaction. 

Company
Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The
Company treats unrestricted cash and cash equivalents held by IDT Payment Services, Inc. and IDT Payment Services of New York, LLC, which
provide the Company s international money transfer services in the United States, as substantially restricted and unavailable for
other purposes. At July 31, 2023 and 2022, Cash and cash equivalents in the Company s consolidated balance sheets
included an aggregate of million and million, respectively, held by IDT Payment Services, Inc. and IDT Payment Services of
New York, LLC, that was unavailable for other purposes. 

million. Onwaba S.R.L. and Gem S.R.L. are located in Uruguay and use the trade name Integra CCS. The operating results
of the acquired companies from the date of acquisition, which were not significant, are included in the Company s consolidated
financial statements. 

The
purchase price consisted of: (a) cash of million that was paid at closing, (b) shares of the Company s Class B common
stock with a value of million that were issued at closing, (c) million, half of which was paid in fiscal 2023 at the end of
12 months after closing and the remainder will be paid at the end of 24 months after closing, subject to holdback for the settlement
of claims against the sellers, if any, and (d) million based on annual cumulative incremental
recurring seat revenue of the net2phone segment over a four-year period, payable in cash and/or equity at net2phone 2.0 s discretion. 

IDT
 CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Cash acquired 

Cash paid, net of cash acquired 

Shares of the Company s Class B common
 stock 

Future payments subject to holdback 

Contingent consideration 

Total
 fair value of consideration, net of cash acquired 

The
acquisition-date fair value of the contingent consideration was estimated using discounted cash flow models. This fair value measurement
was based on significant inputs not observable in the market and therefore represented a Level 3 measurement. There was no change in
the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration in the period from the acquisition date to July 31, 2023. 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Current assets 

Property, plant, and equipment (mainly acquired
 technology) 

Goodwill 

Customer relationships -year useful lives) 

Tradename -year useful life) 

Non-compete agreements -year useful lives) 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Other assets 

Deferred income tax assets 

Trade accounts payable 

Other current liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Operating lease liability current portion 

Operating lease liability
 noncurrent portion 

Noncontrolling interests 

Net
 assets acquired excluding cash 

The
goodwill was assigned to the net2phone segment and was attributable primarily to the assembled workforce and the expected synergies from
the business combination. The goodwill is not expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 

Leaf
Global Fintech Corporation 

On
March 1, 2022, the Company s subsidiary, IDT International Telecom, Inc. IDTIT ), purchased all of the outstanding
shares of Leaf for up to million. Leaf s operating results from the date of acquisition, which were not significant, are
included in the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

The
purchase price was comprised of (a) million paid in cash at the closing, (b) a working capital adjustment for a maximum of ,
and (c) million based on annual gross profit over a five-year period. 

Cash acquired 

Cash paid, net of cash acquired 

Contingent consideration 

Total
 fair value of consideration, net of cash acquired 

IDT
 CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The
acquisition-date fair value of the contingent consideration was estimated using discounted cash flow models. This fair value measurement
was based on significant inputs not observable in the market and therefore represented a Level 3 measurement. There was no change in
the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration in the period from the acquisition date to July 31, 2022. In fiscal 2023, the
Company determined that the requirements for a portion of the contingent consideration payments would not be met. The Company recorded
a gain of million on the write-off of the contingent consideration payment obligation, which was included in Other operating
(expense) gain, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. 

Property, plant, and equipment (mainly acquired
 technology) 

Goodwill 

Tradename -year
 useful life) 

Net
 assets acquired excluding cash 

The
goodwill was assigned to the Fintech segment and was attributable primarily to the assembled workforce and the expected synergies from
the business combination. The goodwill is not expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 

Sochitel
UK Ltd. 

On
December 3, 2020, IDTIT acquired of the issued shares of Sochitel UK Ltd. Sochitel ). Sochitel s operating results
from the date of acquisition, which were not significant, are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

 The
acquisition date fair value of the consideration consisted of the following: 

Cash acquired 

Cash paid, net of cash acquired 

Contingent consideration 

Total
 fair value of consideration, net of cash acquired 

The
acquisition date fair value of the contingent consideration was estimated using discounted cash flow models. This fair value measurement
was based on significant inputs not observable in the market and therefore represented a Level 3 measurement. There was no change in
the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration in the period from the acquisition date to July 31, 2022. In fiscal 2023, the
Company paid contingent consideration of million and recorded an expense of million, which was included in Other operating
(expense) gain, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. There is no remaining contingent consideration for this acquisition. 

Prepaid expenses 

Property, plant, and equipment 

Goodwill 

Customer relationships -year useful life) 

Tradenames -year useful life) 

Deferred income tax assets 

Other assets 

Trade accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Other current liabilities 

Noncontrolling interests 

Net
 assets acquired excluding cash 

IDT
 CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The
goodwill was assigned to the Traditional Communications segment and was attributable primarily to the assembled workforces and the expected
synergies from the business combination. The goodwill is not expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 

Pursuant
to a Put/Call Option Agreement related to the of the issued shares of Sochitel that the seller did not initially sell to IDTIT Option
Shares ), the seller exercised its option and on March 22, 2021, IDTIT purchased the Option Shares for million. The purchase
of the Option Shares resulted in a million reduction in Noncontrolling interests and a reduction in Additional
paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheets. 

On
June 15, 2021, IDTIT purchased 
of Sochitel s issued shares from the remaining noncontrolling interest holder. The purchase price was cash of 
million plus contingent consideration of up to 
million. The acquisition date fair value of the contingent consideration of 
million was estimated using cash flow models. This fair value measurement was based on significant inputs not observable in the
market and therefore represented a Level 3 measurement. The purchase of the shares resulted in a 
million reduction in Noncontrolling interests, a 
million reduction in Additional paid-in capital, and 
million liability in the consolidated balance sheets. There was no change in the estimated fair value of the contingent
consideration in the period from the acquisition date to July 31, 2022. In fiscal 2023, the Company paid contingent consideration of
 
million and recorded an expense of 
million, which was included in Other operating (expense) gain, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of
income. There is no remaining contingent consideration for this acquisition. 

U.S. Treasury bills
 and notes 

Government sponsored
 enterprise notes 

Corporate
 bonds 

TOTAL 

July 31, 2022 

Certificates of deposit 

U.S. Treasury bills
 and notes 

Corporate bonds 

Municipal
 bonds 

TOTAL 

Proceeds
from maturities and sales of debt securities and redemptions of equity investments were million, million, and million
in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, respectively. There were no realized gains or realized losses from sales of debt securities
in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021. 

IDT
 CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

After one year through five years 

After five years through ten years 

After ten years 

TOTAL 

U.S. Treasury bills
 and notes 

Government sponsored enterprise notes 

Corporate
 bonds 

TOTAL 

July 31, 2022 

Certificates of deposit 

U.S. Treasury bills
 and notes 

Corporate bonds 

Municipal
 bonds 

TOTAL 

Corporate
 bonds 

TOTAL 

July 31, 2022 

U.S. Treasury bills
 and notes 

Corporate
 bonds 

TOTAL 

At
July 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company did not intend to sell any of the debt securities included in the table above, and it is not more
likely than not that the Company will be required to sell any of these securities before recovery of the unrealized losses, which may
be at maturity. 

IDT
 CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

shares at July 31, 2023 and 2022 

Rafael Holdings, Inc. Class B common stock,
 and shares at July 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Other marketable equity securities 

Fixed income mutual
 funds 

Current
 equity investments 

Visa Inc. Series C Convertible Participating
 Preferred Stock Visa Series C Preferred 

Visa Inc. Series A Convertible Participating
 Preferred Stock Visa Series A Preferred 

Convertible preferred stock equity
 method investment 

Hedge funds 

Other 

Noncurrent
 equity investments 

The
Company received the shares of Zedge Inc. Zedge Class B common stock and of the shares of Rafael Class B common
stock set forth in the table above in connection with the lapsing of restrictions on Zedge and Rafael restricted stock held by certain
of the Company s employees and the Company s payment of taxes on behalf of its employees related thereto. The Company purchased
 shares of Rafael Class B common stock in fiscal 2021 (see below). The Company sold shares of Rafael Class B common stock
in November 2022. Howard S. Jonas is the Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors of Zedge. 

On
December 7, 2020, the Company purchased from Rafael newly issued shares of Rafael s Class B common stock and a warrant
to purchase up to shares of Rafael s Class B common stock at an exercise price of at any time on or after December
7, 2020 and on or prior to June 6, 2022. The aggregate purchase price of million was allocated million to the shares and 
million to the warrant based on their relative purchase date fair values. The fair value of the warrant on the acquisition date was estimated
using a Black-Scholes valuation model that represented a Level 3 measurement. The purchase price was based on a per share price of ,
which was the closing price of Rafael s Class B common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the trading day immediately preceding
the purchase date. On March 15, 2021, the Company exercised the warrant in full and purchased shares of Rafael s Class B
common stock for cash of million. 

In
June 2016, upon the acquisition of Visa Europe Limited by Visa, Inc. Visa ), IDT Financial Services received shares
of Visa Series C Preferred among other consideration. At July 31, 2020, each share of Visa Series C Preferred was convertible into 
shares of Visa Class A common stock (the Conversion Adjustment), subject to certain conditions, and will be convertible at the
holder s option beginning in June 2028. On September 24, 2020, in connection with Visa s first mandatory release assessment,
the Company received shares of Visa Series A Preferred and the Conversion Adjustment for Visa Series C Preferred was reduced to .
In June 2021, the shares of Visa Series A Preferred were converted into shares of Visa Class A common stock, which the Company
sold for million. On July 28, 2022, in connection with Visa s second mandatory release assessment, the Company received 
shares of Visa Series A Preferred and the Conversion Adjustment for Visa Series C Preferred was reduced to . In August 2022, the
 shares of Visa Series A Preferred were converted into shares of Visa Class A common stock, which the Company sold for million. 

Redemption for Visa mandatory release assessment 

Purchase 

Adjustment for observable transactions involving
 a similar investment from the same issuer 

Redemptions 

Impairments 

BALANCE,
 END OF PERIOD 

IDT
 CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The
Company increased or decreased the carrying value of the shares of Visa Series C Preferred it held based on the fair value of Visa Class
A common stock, including a discount for lack of current marketability, which is classified as Adjustment for observable transactions
involving a similar investment from the same issuer in the table above. 

Less: net gains recognized
 during the period on equity investments sold during the period 

Unrealized (losses)
 gains recognized during the period on equity investments still held at the reporting date 

The
unrealized losses and gains for all equity investments measured at fair value in the table above included the following: 

Year ended July 31 (in
 thousands) 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Unrealized (losses) gains recognized during
 the period on equity investments: 

Rafael
 Class B common stock 

Zedge Class B common
 stock 

Unrealized (losses)
 gains recognized during the period on equity investments still held at the reporting date 

Equity
Method Investment 

On
February 2, 2021, the Company paid million to purchase shares of Series B convertible preferred stock of a communications company
(the equity method investee, or EMI ), and on August 10, 2021, the Company paid million to purchase shares of the EMI s
Series C convertible preferred stock and additional shares of the EMI s Series B convertible preferred stock. The initial shares
purchased represented of the outstanding shares of the EMI on an as converted basis. The subsequent purchases increased the Company s
ownership to on an as converted basis. 

The
Company accounted for this investment using the equity method since the Series B and Series C convertible preferred stock were in-substance
common stock, and the Company could exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of the EMI. 

As
of July 31, 2022, the Company was the holder of secured promissory notes made by the EMI in exchange for loans of an aggregate of 
million, which increased to an aggregate of million including accrued interest as of April 6, 2023. At July 31, 2022, the notes
were included in Other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The notes provided for interest
on the principal amount at per annum payable monthly. The notes were due and payable in February 2023 and April 2023 . 

On
April 6, 2023, in accordance with an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of April 5, 2023, the EMI merged with and into its subsidiary,
with the subsidiary being the surviving corporation. Effective with the merger, the EMI has no common stock outstanding, each share of
the EMI s convertible preferred stock was converted into shares of the subsidiary s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock EMI Preferred Stock ), and the principal and accrued interest of the EMI s secured promissory notes was converted
into shares of EMI Preferred Stock (the Conversions ). In addition, each of the EMI s shareholders agreed to purchase
additional shares of EMI Preferred Stock, for which the Company paid million in fiscal 2023 to purchase the additional shares. Following
the merger, the Conversions, and the purchases of additional shares of EMI Preferred Stock, the Company s ownership increased to
 of the EMI s outstanding shares. 

The
Company accounts for this investment using the equity method since the Company can exercise significant influence over the operating
and financial policies of the EMI but it does not have a controlling interest. 

IDT
 CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The
Company determined that on the dates of the acquisitions, there were differences between its investment in the EMI and its proportional
interest in the equity of the EMI of an aggregate of million, which represented the share of the EMI s customer list on the
dates of the acquisitions attributed to the Company s interest in the EMI. In the accompanying consolidated statements of income, amortization of equity method basis
difference is included in the equity in the net loss of investee, which is recorded in Other (expense) income, net (see
Note 18). 

Purchase of convertible preferred stock 

Conversion of secured promissory notes into
 convertible preferred stock 

Equity in the net loss of investee 

Amortization of equity
 method basis difference 

BALANCE,
 END OF PERIOD 

Noncurrent assets 

Current liabilities 

Noncurrent liabilities 

(in thousands) 
 Year
 ended July 31, 2023 
 Year
 ended July 31, 2022 
 From
 the date of acquisition to July 31, 2021 
 
 REVENUES 

COSTS AND EXPENSES: 

Direct cost of revenues 

Selling,
 general and administrative 

TOTAL
 COSTS AND EXPENSES 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

Other (expense) income,
 net 

NET
 LOSS 

As
of July 27, 2023, the EMI s shareholders including the Company agreed to purchase additional shares of EMI Preferred Stock. The
Company subscribed to purchase additional shares for an aggregate of million. In the first quarter of fiscal 2024 through October 11, 2023, the Company
paid million to purchase the shares. 

Equity investments included
 in current assets 

Equity
 investments included in noncurrent assets 

TOTAL 

Acquisition consideration
 included in: 

Other current liabilities 

Other
 noncurrent liabilities 

TOTAL 

July 31, 2022 

Debt securities 

Equity investments included
 in current assets 

Equity
 investments included in noncurrent assets 

TOTAL 

Acquisition consideration
 included in: 

Other current liabilities 

Other
 noncurrent liabilities 

TOTAL 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

At
July 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had million and million, respectively, in investments in hedge funds, which were included
in noncurrent Equity investments in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company s investments in hedge
funds were accounted for using the equity method, therefore they were not measured at fair value. 

Purchase of Rafael Holdings, Inc. warrant 

Exercise of Rafael Holdings, Inc. warrant 

Redemption for Visa mandatory release assessment 

Total gains (losses) included in Other
 (expense) income, net 

BALANCE, END OF PERIOD 

Change in unrealized
 gains or losses for the period included in earnings for assets held at the end of the period 

Transfer into Level 3 from acquisitions 

Payments 

Total (gain) loss included in: 

Other
operating (expense) gain, net 

Interest expense included in Interest income, net 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustments 

BALANCE, END OF PERIOD 

Change in unrealized
 gains or losses for the period included in earnings for liabilities at the end of the period 

In
fiscal 2023, the Company paid an aggregate of million in contingent consideration related to prior acquisitions, which included shares of the Company s Class B common stock
with a value of million. In addition, the
Company recorded gains of million and million in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively, on the write-off of contingent
consideration payment obligations, which were included in Other operating (expense) gain, net in the accompanying consolidated
statements of income. Also, in fiscal 2023, the Company increased the estimated fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration
by million, which was included in Other operating (expense) gain, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.
There were no other changes in the estimated fair value of contingent consideration in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Fair
Value of Other Financial Instruments 

The
estimated fair value of the Company s other financial instruments was determined using available market information or other appropriate
valuation methodologies. However, considerable judgment is required in interpreting these data to develop estimates of fair value. Consequently,
the estimates are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that could be realized or would be paid in a current market exchange. 

Cash
and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents, settlement assets, other current assets, customer deposits, settlement
liabilities, and other current liabilities. At July 31, 2023 and 2022, the carrying amount of these assets and liabilities
approximated fair value because of the short period of time to maturity. The fair value estimates for cash, cash equivalents, and
restricted cash and cash equivalents were classified as Level 1 and settlement assets, other current assets, customer deposits, settlement liabilities, and
other current liabilities were classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Other
assets and other liabilities. At July 31, 2023 and 2022, the carrying amount of these assets and liabilities approximated fair value.
The fair values were estimated based on the Company s assumptions, which were classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Computer software 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture and fixtures 

Property, plant and equipment, gross 

Less accumulated depreciation
 and amortization 

Property,
 plant, and equipment, net 

The
Company reduced its gross property, plant, and equipment and accumulated depreciation and amortization by million and million
in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively, for property, plant, and equipment that was fully depreciated and no longer in service. 

Depreciation
and amortization expense of property, plant, and equipment was million, million, and million in fiscal 2023, fiscal
2022, and fiscal 2021, respectively. 

In fiscal 2023, the Company recorded an expense of million for telephone
equipment that was taken out of service, which was included in Other operating (expense) gain, net in the accompanying consolidated
statements of income. 

Acquisition 

Foreign currency translation
 adjustments 

Balance at July 31, 2021 

Acquisitions 

Adjustment 

Foreign currency translation
 adjustments 

Balance at July 31, 2022 

Balance at beginning 

Foreign currency translation
 adjustments 

Balance at July 31,
 2023 

Balance at end 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

years 

Non-compete agreements 
 
 years 

Customer
 relationships 
 
 years 

TOTAL 
 
 years 

July 31, 2022 

Tradenames 
 
 years 

Non-compete agreements 
 
 years 

Customer
 relationships 
 
 years 

TOTAL 
 
 years 

Amortization
expense of intangible assets was million, 
 million, and 
 million in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal
2021, respectively. The Company estimates that amortization expense of intangible assets with finite lives will be 
 million, 
 million, 
 million, 
 million, and million in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2025, fiscal 2026, fiscal 2027, and fiscal 2028, respectively. 

million and a contingent payment of 
million. The Company has various management rights and protective provisions pursuant to the Warrant Purchase Agreement. Primarily
as a result of the Warrant Purchase Agreement, the Company can obtain 
of the ownership interests in the VIE. The Company determined that, effective May 31, 2021, it had the power to direct the
activities of the VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance, and the Company has the obligation to absorb losses
of and the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to it. The Company therefore determined that
it is the primary beneficiary of the VIE, and as a result, the Company consolidates the VIE. The Company does not currently own any
interest in the VIE and thus the net income incurred by the VIE was attributed to noncontrolling interests in the accompanying
statements of income. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Aggregate funding
 provided by (repaid to) the Company, net 

Restricted cash 

Trade accounts receivable, net 

Disbursement prefunding 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Due from the Company 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

Other intangibles, net 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND NONCONTROLLING
 INTERESTS 

Trade accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Settlement liabilities 

Due to the Company 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Noncontrolling interests 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES AND NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 

The
VIE s assets may only be used to settle the VIE s obligations and may not be used for other consolidated entities. The VIE s
liabilities are non-recourse to the general credit of the Company s other consolidated entities. 

Corporate Straight Path Communications
 Inc. class action insurance claims 

Corporate Grow New Jersey Assistance Act tax credit 

Fintech write-off of contingent consideration
 liability 

Fintech government grants 

Fintech other 

net2phone write-off of telephone equipment 

net2phone write-off of contingent consideration
 liability 

Write-off of contingent consideration
 liability 

net2phone other 

Traditional Communications write-off of capitalized internal use
software costs 

Traditional Communications gain from
 sale of rights under class action lawsuit 

Traditional Communications cable telephony
 customer indemnification claim 

Traditional Communications increase in
 contingent consideration liability 

Traditional Communications other 

TOTAL 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Straight
Path Communications Inc. Class Action 

As
discussed in Note 23, the Company (as well as other defendants) has been named in a class action on behalf of the
stockholders of the Company s former subsidiary, Straight Path Communications Inc. Straight Path ). The Company
incurred legal fees and recorded offsetting gains from insurance claims related to this action in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and
fiscal 2021. On October 3, 2023, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware dismissed all claims against the Company, and
found that, contrary to the plaintiffs allegations, the class suffered no damages. The plaintiffs will have 30 days from entry
of the final order to file an appeal. 

Grow
New Jersey Assistance Act Tax Credit 

In
September 2017, the Company, the Company s subsidiary IDT Domestic Telecom, Inc. IDT DT ), and certain other affiliates
were certified by the New Jersey Economic Development Authority NJEDA as having met the requirements of the Grow New
Jersey Assistance Act Tax Credit Program. The program provides for credits against a corporation s New Jersey corporate business
tax liability for maintaining a minimum number of employees in New Jersey, and that tax credits may be sold subject to certain conditions.
On June 5, 2023, the Company received a 2019 tax credit certificate for million from the NJEDA. In August 2023, the Company sold
the certificate for cash of million. 

Contingent
Consideration Liabilities 

In
fiscal 2023, the Company determined that the requirements for a portion of the contingent consideration payments related to the Leaf
acquisition would not be met. In addition, in fiscal 2022, the Company determined that the requirements for a contingent consideration
payment related to an acquisition in December 2019 would not be met before the expiration date. The Company recognized gains on the write-off
of these contingent consideration payment obligations in the Fintech and net2phone segments, respectively. Also, in fiscal 2023, the
Company increased the estimated fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration in its Traditional Communications segment
by million. 

Government
Grants 

In
fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, Leaf received payments from government grants for the development and commercialization of blockchain-backed
financial technologies. 

Write-off
of Capitalized Internal Use Software Costs 

In
fiscal 2023, the Company reduced its unamortized capitalized internal use software costs for internal use software that was taken out
of service and recorded an expense of million. 

Gain
from Sale of Rights under Class Action Lawsuit 

On
December 21, 2020, the Company received million from the sale to a third party of all its rights under the Payment Card Interchange
Fee and Merchant Discount Antitrust Litigation related to claims that merchants paid excessive fees to accept Visa and Mastercard cards
between January 1, 2004 and January 25, 2019. 

Indemnification
Claim 

Beginning
in June 2019, as part of a commercial resolution, the Company indemnified a cable telephony customer related to patent infringement claims
brought against the customer. On May 8, 2023, the Company and the customer agreed to release the Company from the indemnification agreement
in exchange for million, of which million was paid on May 10, 2023 and the remainder will be paid in five monthly invoice deductions
of million each. 

million. As of July 28, 2023, IDT Telecom and TD Bank, N.A. amended certain terms of the credit agreement. IDT Telecom may use the
proceeds to finance working capital requirements and for certain closing costs of the facility. At July 31, 2023 and 2022, there
were 
amounts outstanding under this facility. In fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, IDT Telecom borrowed and repaid an aggregate of 
million and 
million, respectively, under the facility. . IDT Telecom pays a quarterly unused commitment fee
on the average daily balance of the unused portion of the 
million commitment of 30 to 85 basis points, depending upon IDT Telecom s leverage ratio as computed for the most recent
fiscal quarter. IDT Telecom is required to comply with various affirmative and negative covenants as well as maintain certain
targets based on financial ratios during the term of the revolving credit facility. As of July 31, 2023 and 2022, IDT Telecom was in
compliance with all of the covenants. 

In
the first quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company borrowed and repaid 
 million under the facility. 

Regulatory fees and taxes 

Compensation costs 

Maintenance and support 

Commissions 

Legal and professional fees 

Other 

TOTAL 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

of its outstanding capital stock on a fully diluted
basis to Alta Fox Opportunities Fund LP Alta Fox for cash of million. Alta Fox has the right to request that NRS
redeem all or any portion of the NRS common shares that it purchased at the per share purchase price during a period of 182 days following
the fifth anniversary of this transaction. The redemption right shall terminate upon the consummation of (i) a sale of NRS or its assets
for cash or securities that are listed on a national securities exchange, (ii) a public offering of NRS securities, or (iii) a
distribution of NRS capital stock following which NRS common shares are listed on a national securities exchange. 

The
shares of NRS Class B common stock sold to Alta Fox have been classified as mezzanine equity in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet because they may be redeemed at the option of Alta Fox, although the shares are not mandatorily redeemable. The carrying
amount of the shares includes the noncontrolling interest in the net income of NRS. The net income attributable to the mezzanine equity s
noncontrolling interest during the periods were as follows: 

Equity in net loss of investee 

(Losses) gains on investments 

Other 

TOTAL 

Foreign 

INCOME
 BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

Accrued expenses 

Stock options and restricted stock 

Charitable contributions 

Depreciation 

Unrealized gain 

Net operating loss 

Total deferred income tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

NET
 DEFERRED INCOME TAX ASSETS 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

State and local 

Foreign 

Current 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State and local 

Foreign 

Deferred 

(PROVISION
 FOR) BENEFIT FROM INCOME TAXES 

Valuation allowance 

Foreign tax rate differential 

Nondeductible expenses 

Other 

Foreign restructuring 

State and local income
 tax, net of federal benefit 

(PROVISION
 FOR) BENEFIT FROM INCOME TAXES 

The
Company s cumulative undistributed foreign earnings are included in retained earnings in the Company s consolidated balance
sheets and consisted of approximately million at July 31, 2023. The Company has concluded that the earnings remain permanently reinvested. 

At
July 31, 2023, the Company had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 
 million. These loss carryforwards are available
to offset future U.S. federal taxable income. million expire in fiscal 2028 through fiscal 2038, and million do not expire. The Company has foreign net operating
loss carryforwards of approximately 
 million, of which approximately 
 million does not expire, approximately 
 million expires in two to ten years and approximately
 
 million expires in twenty years. These foreign loss carryforwards
are available to offset future taxable income in the countries in which the losses were incurred. million, which will expire through fiscal 2027. With
the reacquisition of net2phone by the Company in March 2006, its losses were limited under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 to approximately
 
 million per year. The net operating loss carryforwards
do not include any excess benefits related to stock options or restricted stock. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2022 

Reserves deducted from deferred income taxes,
 net: 

Valuation allowance 

2021 

Reserves deducted from deferred income taxes,
 net: 

Valuation allowance 

In
fiscal 2023, the Company decreased the valuation allowance by 
million, which included a decrease of million due to the utilization or disposal of previously valued deferred income tax
assets and a release of 
million for profitability in the United Kingdom, net of an establishment of 
million for deferred income tax assets that were not more likely than not going to be utilized prior to expiration. 

In
fiscal 2021, the Company released million of its valuation allowance on the portion of the deferred income tax assets that it is
more likely than not going to utilize. This release was mostly related to domestic deferred income tax assets. The Company used the framework
of Accounting Standards Codification Income Taxes (Topic 740) to determine whether the valuation allowance should be maintained
or reversed. The Company considered the scheduled expiration of its net operating losses included in its deferred tax assets, projected
future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in its assessment of the valuation allowance. The primary factors that resulted in
the valuation allowance release were the three consecutive years of profitability in the United States and expected future profitability
in both the United States and the United Kingdom that will utilize a significant portion of the net operating losses. The Company s
tax planning strategies were not a significant factor in the analysis. 

At
July 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company did not have any unrecognized income tax benefits. There were no changes in the balance of unrecognized
income tax benefits in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021. At July 31, 2023, the Company did not expect any changes in unrecognized
income tax benefits during the next twelve months. In fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, the Company did not record any interest
and penalties on income taxes. At July 31, 2023 and 2022, there was no accrued interest included in current income taxes payable. 

The
Company currently remains subject to examinations of its tax returns as follows: U.S. federal tax returns for fiscal 2020 to fiscal 2023,
state and local tax returns generally for fiscal 2019 to fiscal 2023, and foreign tax returns generally for fiscal 2019 to fiscal 2023. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Stock
Repurchases 

The
Company has an existing stock repurchase program authorized by its Board of Directors for the repurchase of shares of the Company s
Class B common stock. The Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to million shares in the aggregate. In fiscal 2023,
the Company repurchased shares of Class B common stock for an aggregate purchase price of million. In fiscal 2022, the Company
repurchased shares of Class B common stock for an aggregate purchase price of million. In fiscal 2021, the Company repurchased
 shares of Class B common stock for an aggregate purchase price of million. At July 31, 2023, million shares remained
available for repurchase under the stock repurchase program. 

In the first quarter of fiscal 2024 through October 11, 2023, the Company repurchased shares of Class B common stock for an aggregate purchase price of million. 

In
fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, the Company paid million, million, and million, respectively, to repurchase
 ; ; and , respectively, of the Company s Class B common stock that were tendered by employees of the Company
to satisfy the employees tax withholding obligations in connection with shares issued for bonus payments, the vesting of deferred
stock units DSUs ), and lapsing of restrictions on restricted stock. Such shares were repurchased by the Company based
on their fair market value as of the close of business on the trading day immediately prior to the vesting date. 

Stock
Issued to Certain Executive Officers for Bonus Payments 

In
fiscal 2023, certain executive officers of the Company received performance bonuses for fiscal 2022 of an aggregate of million,
of which one-half was paid in cash and one-half was paid in shares of the Company s Class B common stock. The Company issued 
shares of its Class B common stock with an issue date value of million for the bonus payments. 

shares. On December 15, 2021,
the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Company s 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan to increase the number
of shares of the Company s Class B common stock available for the grant of awards thereunder by an additional shares. At
July 31, 2023, the Company had million shares of Class B common stock reserved for awards made under the 2015 Stock Option and Incentive
Plan and million shares were available for future grants. 

On
October 11, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors amended the Company s 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan to increase
the number of shares of the Company s Class B common stock available for grant thereunder by an additional shares. The
amendment is subject to approval by the Company s stockholders at its annual meeting of stockholders on December 13, 2023. 

Stock
Options 

Option
awards are generally granted with an exercise price equal to the market price of the Company s stock on the date of grant. option awards were granted
in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, or fiscal 2021. The fair value of stock options was estimated on the date of the grant using a Black-Scholes
valuation model. Expected volatility is based on historical volatility of the Company s Class B common stock and other factors.
The Company uses historical data on exercise of stock options, post vesting forfeitures and other factors to estimate the expected term
of the stock-based payments granted. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled / Forfeited 

OUTSTANDING AT JULY
 31, 2023 

EXERCISABLE AT JULY
 31, 2023 

In
fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, the Company received cash from the exercise of stock options of million, million,
and million, respectively, for which the Company issued ; ; and shares, respectively, of its Class B common stock.
In addition, in April 2022, Howard S. Jonas exercised stock options for million shares of the Company s Class B common stock
that were granted on May 2, 2017. The exercise price of these options was per share and the expiration date was . Mr.
Jonas used shares of the Company s Class B common stock with a value of million to pay the aggregate exercise price
of the options. Mr. Jonas tendered shares of the Company s Class B common stock with a value of million to satisfy
a portion of his tax obligations in connection with his stock option exercises. 

The
total intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021 was million, million, and 
million, respectively. At July 31, 2023, there was no unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options. 

Restricted
Stock 

The
fair value of restricted shares of the Company s Class B common stock is determined based on the closing price of the Company s
Class B common stock on the grant date. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

NON-VESTED RESTRICTED
 SHARES AT JULY 31, 2023 

non-vested restricted shares at July 31, 2023 included in the table above that will vest on February
25, 2025 only if the Company s Class B common stock closes above 50 per share for ten consecutive trading days prior to February
25, 2025, otherwise the restricted shares will be forfeited. 

At
July 31, 2023, there was 
 million of total unrecognized compensation cost
related to non-vested stock-based compensation arrangements, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 
years. The total grant date fair value of shares vested in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021 was 
 million, 
 million, and 
 million, respectively. 

Deferred
Stock Units Equity Incentive Programs 

per share (which was based on the market price at the time of the initial
grants under this program). On May 17, 2023, the first vesting date under the program, in accordance with the program and based on certain
elections made by grantees, the Company issued shares of its Class B common stock for vested DSUs. Based on those elections, vesting
for DSUs was delayed until February 21, 2024. Subject to continued full time employment or other service to the Company, the remaining
DSUs are scheduled to vest on February 21, 2024 and February 25, 2025. The grantees will have the right to elect a later vesting date
no later than January 19, 2024 for the February 21, 2024 vesting date. A grantee will have the option to elect a later vesting date for
one-half or all of the shares scheduled to vest on February 21, 2024 and any DSUs that do not vest based on the grantee s election,
will be eligible to vest on February 25, 2025. The Company estimated that the fair value of the DSUs on the date of grants was an aggregate
of million, which is being recognized on a graded vesting basis over the requisite service periods ending in February 2025. The
Company used a risk neutral Monte Carlo simulation method in its valuation of the DSUs, which simulated the range of possible future
values of the Company s Class B common stock over the life of the DSUs. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The
Company had a prior equity incentive program in the form of DSUs that, upon vesting, entitled the grantees to receive shares of the Company s
Class B common stock. On January 5, 2022 and January 5, 2021, the Company issued and shares, respectively, of its Class
B common stock in respect of vested DSUs. 

Effective
as of September 21, 2020, the Company granted 
DSUs that were not included in the program described above, which upon vesting, entitled the grantee to receive shares of the
Company s Class B common stock. In fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, the Company issued 
and 
shares, respectively, of its Class B common stock in respect of vested DSUs. On September 22, 2023, the Company issued 
shares of its Class B common stock for the remaining DSUs. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

NON-VESTED SHARES AT
 JULY 31, 2023 

At
July 31, 2023, there was 
million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested DSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average
period of 
 years. The total grant date fair value of DSUs
vested in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021 was 
 million, 
 million, and 
 million, respectively. 

Stock
Issued to an Employee 

In
fiscal 2023, the Company granted shares of its Class B common stock to an employee. The Company recorded stock-based compensation
expense and an increase in Additional paid-in capital of million for this grant, which was the fair value of the shares
on the grant date. 

NRS
Restricted Stock Grants 

In
February 2022, restricted shares of NRS Class B common stock representing of its outstanding capital stock on a fully diluted
basis were granted to certain employees of the Company for services provided. The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense and
an increase in Additional paid-in capital of million for these grants, based on the estimated fair value on the grant
date. 

Effective
as of June 30, 2022, restricted shares of NRS Class B common stock representing of its outstanding capital stock on a fully
diluted basis were granted to certain NRS employees. The restrictions on the shares will lapse in three installments on each of June
1, 2024, 2026, and 2027. The Company estimated that the fair value of the restricted shares on the grant date was million. At July 31, 2023, there was million of total unrecognized compensation
cost related to non-vested restricted shares, which
will be recognized over the vesting period. 

Grant
of Restricted Equity in net2phone 2.0, Inc. 

On
December 31, 2020, a compensatory arrangement with each of Howard S. Jonas and Shmuel Jonas, the Company s Chief Executive Officer,
was finalized. Howard S. Jonas and Shmuel Jonas each received restricted shares of net2phone 2.0 s Class
B common stock, which represented an aggregate of 
of net2phone 2.0 s issued and outstanding common stock at July 31, 2023. 
 It is probable that these restricted shares will vest by October
31, 2023. The aggregate estimated fair value on the grant date was 
 million based on a Monte Carlo simulation of
a range of possible future revenue amounts on risk-neutral basis, to which a net revenue multiple was applied to determine the future
enterprise value. The aggregate estimated fair value is being recognized over the vesting period. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Other comprehensive
 loss attributable to IDT Corporation 

Balance at July 31, 2021 

Other comprehensive
 loss attributable to IDT Corporation 

Balance at July 31, 2022 

Other comprehensive
 loss attributable to IDT Corporation 

BALANCE AT JULY 31,
 2023 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

In
addition to the foregoing, the Company is subject to other legal proceedings that have arisen in the ordinary course of business and
have not been finally adjudicated. Although there can be no assurance in this regard, the Company believes that none of the other legal
proceedings to which the Company is a party will have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows,
or financial condition. 

Sales
Tax Contingency 

On
June 21, 2018, the United States Supreme Court rendered a decision in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc., holding that a state may require
a remote seller with no physical presence in the state to collect and remit sales tax on goods and services provided to purchasers in
the state, overturning certain existing court precedent. It is possible that one or more jurisdictions may assert that the Company has
liability for periods for which it has not collected sales, use or other similar taxes, and if such an assertion or assertions were successful
it could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial position, and operating results. One or more jurisdictions
may change their laws or policies to apply their sales, use or other similar taxes to the Company s operations, and if such changes
were made it could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial position, and operating results. 

Regulatory
Fees Audit 

The
Company s 2017 FCC Form 499-A, which reports its calendar year 2016 revenue, was audited by the Universal Service
Administrative Company USAC ). The Internal Audit Division of USAC issued preliminary audit findings and the Company,
in accordance with USAC s audit procedures, appealed certain of the findings. USAC issued a final decision, and the final
decision overturned one of the initial findings but left the remaining initial findings in place. The reversal will result in the
elimination of a 
million charge by the Universal Service Fund. The final decision upheld the imposition of a 
million charge to the Federal Telecommunications Relay Service TRS Fund. The Company has appealed the
USAC s final decision to the FCC and does not intend to remit payment for the TRS Fund fees unless and
until a negative decision on its appeal has been issued. In response to the aforementioned preliminary audit findings, the Company
made certain changes to its filing policies and procedures for years that remain potentially under audit. At July 31, 2023 and 2022,
the Company s accrued expenses included 
million and 
million, respectively, for FCC-related regulatory fees for the year covered by the audit, as well as prior and subsequent
years. 

Purchase
Commitments 

At
July 31, 2023, the Company had purchase commitments of million primarily for equipment and services. 

Performance
Bonds 

The
Company has performance bonds issued through third parties for the benefit of various states in order to comply with the states 
financial requirements for money remittance licenses and telecommunications resellers. At July 31, 2023, the Company had aggregate performance
bonds of million outstanding. 

million in each of fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022,
and fiscal 2021 for services provided, net of the amounts charged by Rafael to the Company. At both July 31, 2023 and 2022, other current
assets reported in the Company s consolidated balance sheets included net receivable from Rafael of 
 million. 

See
Note 4 regarding the Company s prior office lease arrangements with Rafael. 

Genie
Energy Ltd. 

The
Company entered into a Transition Services Agreement with Genie Energy Ltd. Genie prior to the spin-off of Genie in October
2011, which provides for certain services to be performed by the Company and Genie. The Company charged Genie million, million,
and million in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, respectively, for services provided and other items, net of the amounts
charged by Genie to the Company. At July 31, 2023 and 2022, other current assets reported in the Company s consolidated balance
sheets included receivables from Genie of million and million, respectively. 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Other
Related Party Transactions 

The
Company provides office space, certain connectivity and other services to Jonas Media Group, a publishing firm owned by Howard S. Jonas.
Billings for such services were ; ; and in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, respectively. The balance owed
to the Company by Jonas Media Group was and as of July 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. In September 2020, the Company
reduced its fiscal 2021 billings by . 

Mason
and Company Consulting, LLC Mason and Co. ), a company owned solely by Jonathan Mason, receives annual commissions and
fees for the insurance brokerage referral and placement of certain of the Company s insurance policies. Jonathan Mason is the husband
of Joyce J. Mason, the Company s General Counsel, and brother-in-law of Howard S. Jonas. Based on information the Company received
from Jonathan Mason, the Company believes that Mason and Co. received commissions and fees from payments made by the Company in the aggregate
amount of in fiscal 2023, in fiscal 2022, and in fiscal 2021. Neither Howard S. Jonas nor Joyce Mason has any
ownership or other interest in Mason and Co., or the commissions paid to Mason and Co., other than via the familial relationships with
Jonathan Mason. 

IDT
DT leases space in a building in the Bronx, New York that is owned by a limited liability company that is jointly owned by Howard S.
Jonas and Shmuel Jonas. The annual rent is . 

The
Company had loans receivable from employees aggregating million and million at July 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which
are included in Other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

of employment. The plan permits the discretionary matching contributions to be granted as of December 31 of each year. All contributions
made by participants vest immediately into the participant s account. On May 27, 2021, the Company contributed newly issued
shares of its Class B common stock to the Company s 401(k) Plan for million of matching contributions. In fiscal 2023, fiscal
2022, and fiscal 2021, the Company s expense related to the plan was million, million, and million, respectively.
The Company s Class A common stock and Class B common stock are not investment options for the plan s participants. 

F- 42 

<EX-21.01>
 2
 ex21-01.htm

Exhibit 21.01 

In accordance with SEC rules, the following is a list
of IDT Corporation s (IDT) subsidiaries as of July 31, 2023, other than those subsidiaries, considered in the aggregate as a single
subsidiary, that would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of July 31, 2023. 

This list of subsidiaries will change from year-to-year
as a result of changes in IDT and its subsidiaries results of operations and financial condition, legal entity consolidations and
any sales and other dispositions of IDT s subsidiaries. Accordingly, this list is not representative of the total number of subsidiaries
that IDT may have at any given time. 

Domestic Subsidiaries 

IDT America, Corp. (NJ) 
 
 IDT Payment Services, Inc . (DE) 
 
 IDT Domestic Telecom, Inc. (DE) 
 
 IDT Telecom, Inc. (DE) 
 
 IDT Domestic-Union, LLC (DE) 
 
 Net2Phone, Inc. (DE) 
 
 IDT Financial Services, LLC (DE) 
 
 Net2Phone Global Services, LLC (DE) 
 
 IDT International Telecom, Inc. (DE) 
 
 National Retail Solutions, Inc. (DE) 
 
 IDT Payment Services of New York, LLC (DE) 

IDT Payment Services, Inc. has d/b/a - Boss Revolutions Money Transfers
and Boss Money 

Foreign Subsidiaries 

Name 
 
 Country 
 
 IDT Corporation de Argentina S.A. 
 
 Argentina 
 
 IDT Telecom Canada Corp. 
 
 Canada 
 
 Versature Communications Corp. 
 
 Canada 
 
 IDT Germany GmbH 
 
 Germany 
 
 IDT Financial Services Limited 
 
 Gibraltar 
 
 IDT Telecom Asia Pacific Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 Elmion Netherlands B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 
 
 IDT Dutch Holdings B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 
 
 IDT Spain S.L. 
 
 Spain 
 
 IDT Global Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 
 
 IDT Retail Europe Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

Versature Communications Corp. has registered Net2Phone Canada as a Trade
Name 

</EX-21.01>

<EX-23.01>
 3
 ex23-01.htm

Exhibit
23.01 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
have issued our reports dated October 16, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over
financial reporting included in the Annual Report of IDT Corporation on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2023. We consent to
the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of IDT Corporation on Forms S-3 (File No. 333-104286,
File No. 333-115403, File No. 333-11910, File No. 333-119190, File No. 333-37141, File No. 333-43501, File No. 333-45199, File No.
333-53719, File No. 333-61565, File No. 333-71991, File No. 333-77395, File No. 333-80133, and File No. 333-86261) and Forms S-8
(File No. 333-100424, File No.333-105865, File No.333-110657, File No.333-116266, File No.333-130287, File No. 333-130288, File No.
333-130562, File No. 333-146718, File No. 333-154257, File No.333-177247, File No. 333-19727, File No. 333-199299, File No.
333-208447, File No. 333-214105, File No. 333-220982, File No. 333-42267, File No. 333-49150, File No. 333-63282, File No.
333-73167, File No. 333-234168, and File No. 333-260252). 

/s/
 GRANT THORNTON LLP 

New
 York, New York 

October
 16, 2023 

</EX-23.01>

<EX-31.01>
 4
 ex31-01.htm

Exhibit 31.01 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Shmuel Jonas, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of IDT Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 16, 2023 

/s/ Shmuel
 Jonas 

Shmuel Jonas 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 5
 ex31-02.htm

Exhibit 31.02 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Marcelo Fischer, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of IDT Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 16, 2023 

/s/ Marcelo
 Fischer 

Marcelo Fischer 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 6
 ex32-01.htm

Exhibit 32.01 

IDT CORPORATION 

Certification Pursuant to 

 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

 (as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of 

 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002) 

In connection with the Annual Report of IDT Corporation
(the Company on Form 10-K for fiscal 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ),
I, Shmuel Jonas, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 16, 2023 

/s/ Shmuel
 Jonas 

Shmuel Jonas 

Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to IDT Corporation and will be retained by
IDT Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 7
 ex32-02.htm

Exhibit 32.02 

IDT CORPORATION 

Certification Pursuant to 

 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

 (as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of 

 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002) 

In connection with the Annual Report of IDT Corporation
(the Company on Form 10-K for fiscal 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ),
I, Marcelo Fischer, Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 16, 2023 

/s/ Marcelo
 Fischer 

Marcelo Fischer 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to IDT Corporation and will be retained by
IDT Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 idt-20230731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 idt-20230731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 idt-20230731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 idt-20230731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

