<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231006_10-K_edgar_data_1525306_0001477932-23-007434.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1914754</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>67452</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>457492</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>499491</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>341906</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>505941</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-007434.hdr.sgml : 20231006
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231006141245
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-007434
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231006
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231006

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			First America Resources Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001525306
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-ELECTRONIC PARTS & EQUIPMENT, NEC [5065]
		IRS NUMBER:				272563052
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-175482
		FILM NUMBER:		231313773

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 E. ARMSTRONG ST.
		CITY:			MORRIS
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60450
		BUSINESS PHONE:		815-941-9888

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 E. ARMSTRONG ST.
		CITY:			MORRIS
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60450

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	First America Resource Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130930

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	First American Resource Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130927

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GOLDEN OASIS NEW ENERGY GROUP, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110711

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-007434.txt : 20231006

10-K
 1
 fstj_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

fstj_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____________ to _____________ s(Name of small registrant as specified in its charter) 5065 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (IRS I.D) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) SEC File No. Issuer s telephone number: - Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None (Title of class) ___________________ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised nancial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The number of outstanding shares of Registrant s Common Stock, 0.001 par value, was shares as of June 30, 2023. TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I Item 1. Description of Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors 4 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 4 Item 2. Description of Property 5 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 5 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 5 PART II Item 5. Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 6 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 6 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 7 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 10 Item 8. Financial Statements 11 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 24 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 24 Item 9B. Other Information 25 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 26 Item 11. Executive Compensation 27 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 29 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 30 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 30 Item 15. Exhibits 31 2 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION This Annual Report on Form 10-K, the other reports, statements, and information that we have previously filed or that we may subsequently file with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and public announcements that we have previously made or may subsequently make include, may include, incorporate by reference or may incorporate by reference certain statements that may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and are intended to enjoy the benefits of that act. Unless the context is otherwise, the forward-looking statements included or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K and those reports, statements, information and announcements address activities, events or developments that First America Resources Corporation (hereinafter referred to as we, us, our, Corporation, the Company, our Company or First America Resources Corporation expects or anticipates, will or may occur in the future. Any statements in this document about expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and are forward-looking statements. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as may, should, could, predict, potential, believe, will likely result, expect, will continue, anticipate, seek, estimate, intend, plan, projection, would and outlook, and similar expressions. Accordingly, these statements involve estimates, assumptions and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in them. Any forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed throughout this document. All forward-looking statements concerning economic conditions, rates of growth, rates of income or values as may be included in this document are based on information available to us on the dates noted, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. It is important to note that our actual results may differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements due to fluctuations in interest rates, inflation, government regulations, economic conditions and competitive product and pricing pressures in the geographic and business areas in which we conduct operations, including our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions and other factors discussed elsewhere in this Report. Certain risk factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial conditions and results of operations and cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us, and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made and we do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. The risks and uncertainties we currently face are not the only ones we face. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which will arise. There may be additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial to our business. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. If any such risks occur, our business, operating results, liquidity, and financial condition could be materially affected in an adverse manner. Under such circumstances, you may lose all or part of your investment. The industry and market data contained in this report are based either on our management s own estimates or, where indicated, independent industry publications, reports by governmental agencies or market research firms or other published independent sources and, in each case, are believed by our management to be reasonable estimates. However, industry and market data is subject to change and cannot always be verified with complete certainty due to limits on the availability and reliability of raw data, the voluntary nature of the data gathering process and other limitations and uncertainties inherent in any statistical survey of market shares. We have not independently verified market and industry data from third-party sources. In addition, consumption patterns and customer preferences can and do change. As a result, you should be aware that market share, ranking and other similar data set forth herein, and estimates and beliefs based on such data, may not be verifiable or reliable. 3 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Description of Business General Organization and Current Status/Contemplated Acquisition First America Resources Corporation is a Nevada corporation formed on May 10, 2010, with registered address at 1955 Baring Blvd., Sparks, Nevada 89434. First America Resources Corporation has offices at 1000 East Armstrong Street, Morris, IL 60450, and contact telephone number 815-941-9888. The Corporation was originally known as Golden Oasis New Energy Group, Inc. when formed. The Corporation amended its Articles of Incorporation as follows: The Corporation changed its name from Golden Oasis New Energy Group, Inc. to First America Resources Corporation. The effective date of the amendment was when final approval from FINRA was received, which was August 26, 2014. We were previously engaged in selling the lithium-ion batteries and related power supplies that mainly are used in mobile and consumer electronics products, such as readers, DVD players, digital cameras and digital video recorders, communications products, electric-power bikes and mopeds, miner's lamps, electric-power tools, electric-power sources for instruments and meters and other similar electrical equipment that can run on batteries. On February 6, 2013, pursuant to an Agreement between Mr. Keming Li, former CEO/President and Director of Golden Oasis New Energy Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Issuer"), Ms. Guoling Jin, former Treasury and Director of Golden Oasis New Energy Group, Inc., and Ms. Madison Li (the stockholder), of Golden Oasis New Energy Group, Inc., and Mr. Jian Li (the "Purchaser"), Mr. Jian Li became the principal stockholder and Chief Executive Officer and Tzongshyan George Sheu the former Vice-President, Secretary of the Company. In connection with this change of control, we discontinued our current business. It is anticipated we will acquire FAMCe (formerly known as First America Metal Corporation), a business owned primarily by Mr. Jian Li, or another operating company, depending upon completion of audit and preparation of required filing on Form 8-K, which we currently hope to complete in the next 12 months but may take longer than such currently anticipated dates. FAMCe in Morris, IL is an international scrap metal company specializing in recycling of non-ferrous and electronic material and has become one large exporter of scrap metal in the Midwest. FAMCe is operating a business branch in Fort Worth, Texas since November 2014 and operating the Georgia branch since January 2016. Management anticipates that after acquisition we will be competitive in pricing of some or all of the following, depending upon market conditions which can change, even rapidly, from time-to-time: Copper, Brass, Stainless, Aluminum, High Temp Alloys, Zinc, Tin, Cobalt, Tungsten Alloys, and electronic material. Our Employee Our only employee is our management. We have no collective bargaining agreement with our employee. We consider our relationship with our employee to be excellent. Item 1A. Risk Factors Not required for Smaller Reporting Companies. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. 4 Table of Contents Additional Information We are a public company and file annual, quarterly, and special reports and other information with the SEC. We are not required to, and do not intend to, deliver an annual report to security holders. You may read and copy any document we file at the SEC s public reference room at 100 F Street NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. You can request copies of these documents by writing to the SEC and paying a fee for the copying cost. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for more information about the operation of the public reference room. Our filings are also available, at no charge, to the public at http://www.sec.gov . Item 2. Description of Property Our business office address is at 1000 East Armstrong Street, Morris, IL 60450. Space is being provided at no charge by FAMCe (formerly known as First America Metal Corporation). The property is adequate for our current needs. We do not intend to renovate, improve, or develop properties. We are not subject to competitive conditions for property and currently have no property to insure. We have no policy with respect to investments in real estate or interests in real estate and no policy with respect to investments in real estate mortgages. Further, we have no policy with respect to investments in securities of or interests in persons primarily engaged in real estate activities. Item 3. Legal Proceedings We are not a party to any material legal proceedings nor are we aware of any circumstance that may reasonably lead any third party to initiate material legal proceedings against us. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures None. 5 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Trading History Our common stock is quoted on the Over-The-Counter Markets under the symbol FSTJ. Bid Information Financial Quarter Ended High Bid Low Bid June 30, 2023 .35 .35 March 31, 2023 .13 .13 December 31, 2022 .35 .35 September 30, 2022 .28 .28 June 30, 2022 .30 .30 March 31, 2022 .30 .30 December 31, 2021 .55 .55 September 30, 2021 .69 .69 ______________ The quotation does not reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. Dividends We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. For the foreseeable future, we intend to retain any earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will be dependent upon then existing conditions, including our financial condition and results of operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, business prospects and other factors that the Board of Directors considers relevant. There are no restrictions in our articles of incorporation or bylaws that prevent us from declaring dividends. The Nevada Revised Statutes, however, prohibit us from declaring dividends where, after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend: we would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business; or our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the rights of stockholders who have preferential rights superior to those receiving the distribution, unless otherwise permitted under our articles of incorporation. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Item 6. Selected Financial Data Not required. 6 Table of Contents Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes, and other financial information included in this Form 10-K. Our Management s Discussion and Analysis contains not only statements that are historical facts, but also statements that are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are, by their very nature, uncertain and risky. These risks and uncertainties include international, national, and local general economic and market conditions; our ability to sustain, manage, or forecast growth; our ability to successfully make and integrate acquisitions; new product development and introduction; existing government regulations and changes in, or the failure to comply with, government regulations; adverse publicity; competition; the loss of significant customers or suppliers; fluctuations and difficulty in forecasting operating results; change in business strategy or development plans; business disruptions; the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; the ability to protect technology; the risk of foreign currency exchange rate; and other risks that might be detailed from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Although the forward-looking statements in this Report reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by them. Consequently, and because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, the actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements. You are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report as we attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and prospects. Overview First America Resources Corporation is a Nevada corporation formed on May 10, 2010, with registered address at 1955 Baring Blvd., Sparks, Nevada 89434. First America Resources Corporation has offices at 1000 East Armstrong Street, Morris, IL 60450, and contact telephone number 815-941-9888. The Corporation was originally known as Golden Oasis New Energy Group, Inc. when formed. The Corporation amended its Articles of Incorporation as follows: The Corporation changed its name from Golden Oasis New Energy Group, Inc. to First America Resources Corporation. The effective date of the amendment was when final approval from FINRA was received, which was August 26, 2014. We were previously engaged in selling the lithium-ion batteries and related power supplies that mainly are used in mobile and consumer electronics products, such as readers, DVD players, digital cameras and digital video recorders, communications products, electric-power bikes and mopeds, miner's lamps, electric-power tools, electric-power sources for instruments and meters and other similar electrical equipment that can run on batteries. On February 6, 2013, pursuant to an Agreement between Mr. Keming Li, former CEO/President and Director of Golden Oasis New Energy Group, Inc. a Nevada corporation (the "Issuer"), Ms. Guoling Jin, former Treasury and Director of Golden Oasis New Energy Group, Inc., and Ms. Madison Li (the stockholder), of Golden Oasis New Energy Group, Inc., and Mr. Jian Li (the "Purchaser"), Mr. Jian Li became the principal stockholder and Chief Executive Officer and Tzongshyan George Sheu the former Vice-President, Secretary of the Company. In connection with this change of control, we discontinued our current business. It is anticipated we will acquire FAMCe (formerly known as First America Metal Corporation), a business owned primarily by Mr. Jian Li, or another operating company, depending upon completion of audit and preparation of required filing on Form 8-K, which we currently hope to complete in the next 12 months but may take longer than such currently anticipated dates. FAMCe in Morris, IL is an international scrap metal company specializing in recycling of non-ferrous and electronic material and has become one large exporter of scrap metal in the Midwest. FAMCe is operating a business branch in Fort Worth, Texas since November 2014 and operating the Georgia branch since January 2016. Management anticipates that after acquisition we will be competitive in pricing of some or all of the following, depending upon market conditions which can change, even rapidly, from time-to-time: Copper, Brass, Stainless, Aluminum, High Temp Alloys, Zinc, Tin, Cobalt, Tungsten Alloys, and electronic material. 7 Table of Contents Results of Operations For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 vs. June 30, 2022: Revenue The Company had zero sales revenue for the fiscal years ended on June 30, 2023 and 2022. Cost of Revenue For the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, there was no Cost of Goods Sold recorded. Expense Our expenses consist of selling, general and administrative expenses as follows: For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, there were total of 19,121 and 17,203 operating expenses, respectfully. Detail is shown in the below table: Year Ended June 30, Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Expense License Registration 1,020 930 Professional Fees 18,101 16,273 Total Expense 19,121 17,203 8 Table of Contents Income Operation Taxes We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. We paid no income taxes in USA for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 due to the net operation loss in USA. Net Loss We incurred net losses of 19,121 and 17,203 for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectfully. Foreign Currency Translation The Company has determined the United States dollars to be its functional currency for First America Resources Corporation. There were no foreign currency translation effects on our financial presentation. Liquidity and Capital Resources At June 30, At June 30, 2023 2022 Current Ratio 972.76 158.47 Cash 97,226 15,847 Working Capital 97,126 15,747 Total Assets 97,226 15,847 Total Liabilities 229,033 229,033 Total Equity (131,807 (213,186 Total Debt/Equity -1.74 -1.07 Current Ratio = Current Asset / Current Liabilities Working Capital = Current asset - Current Liabilities Total Debt / Equity = Total Loans from Officers / Total Shareholders' Equity The Company had cash and cash equivalents of 97,226 at June 30, 2023 and working capital of 97,126. There were total liabilities of 229,033 at June 30, 2023. The Company had cash and cash equivalents of 15,847 at June 30, 2022 and negative working capital of 15,747. There were total liabilities of 229,033 at June 30, 2022. 9 Table of Contents Until we generate more operating revenues or receive other financing, all our costs, which we will incur irrespective of our business development activities, including bank service fees and those costs associated with SEC requirements associated with staying public, will be funded by Jian Li, our President and Director. Mr. Li is not obligated to pay these costs and any costs advanced will be treated as a demand loan with to be agreed interest. These costs are estimated to be less than 50,000 annually until we close our potential acquisition. If we fail to meet these requirements, we will be unable to secure a qualification for quotation of our securities on the over the counter bulletin board, or if we have secured a qualification, may lose the qualification and our securities would no longer trade on the over the counter bulletin board. Further, if we fail to meet these obligations and as a consequence, we fail to satisfy our SEC reporting obligations, investors will now own stock in a company that does not provide the disclosure available in quarterly and annual reports filed with the SEC and investors may have increased difficulty in selling their stock as we will be non-reporting. At June 30, 2023, we owe Mr. Li an aggregate of 228,933 on these loans, which are oral and bear no interest, due upon demand. After our potential acquisition, we may still need to secure additional debt or equity funding. We do not have any plans or specific agreements for new sources of funding, except for the anticipated loans from management as described above. Our lack of revenues and cash raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty and if we are unable to generate significant revenue or secure financing we may be required to cease or curtail our operations. The Company s lack of operating history and financial resources raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Not required. 10 Table of Contents Item 8. Financial Statements First America Resources Corporation Audited Financial Statements As of June 30, 2023, and 2022 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 12 Balance Sheets 14 Statements of Operations 15 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 16 Statements of Cash Flows 17 Notes to Financial Statements 18 11 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To: Board of Director and shareholders, First American Resources Corporation Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of First America Resources Corporation (the Company as of June 30, 2023, and June 30, 2022, and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years ended June 30, 2023, and June 30, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note E to the financial statements, the Company s continuing operating losses and accumulated deficit raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans are also described in Note E . The financial statements do not include adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 12 Table of Contents Critical Audit Matters Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. /s/ PCAOB ID: We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. October 06, 2023 13 Table of Contents FIRST AMERICA RESOURCES CORPORATION BALANCE SHEET June 30, June 30, 2023 2022 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Total Current Assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT Current liabilities: Accounts payable Total Current Liabilities Long Term Liabilities: Loan from Officers Total Liabilities Stockholders' Deficit: Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' deficit TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT See accompanying notes to financial statements. 14 Table of Contents FIRST AMERICA RESOURCES CORPORATION STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Revenues Cost of Goods Sold Gross Profit Operating Expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses Total Operating Expenses Operating Loss Other income Investment income Total Other Income Loss before income taxes Income tax expense Net Loss Net Loss per Common Share- Basic and Diluted Weighted Average Shares Outstanding See accompanying notes to financial statements. 15 Table of Contents FIRST AMERICA RESOURCES CORPORATION STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 AND 2022 Additional Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Shares Amount Capital Deficit Total Balance, June 30, 2021 Net Loss - Balance, June 30, 2022 Net Loss / Cash Investment Balance, June 30, 2023 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 16 Table of Contents FIRST AMERICA RESOURCES CORPORATION STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Operating Activities: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Increase (decrease) in accounts payable Net cash used in operating activities Investing Activities: Net cash used in investing activities Financing Activities: Additional Paid in Capital Loans from shareholders Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid for: Interest Taxes See accompanying notes to financial statements. 17 Table of Contents FIRST AMERICA RESOURCES CORPORATION NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS JUNE 30, 2023 AND 2022 from its President, Mr. Jian Li to fully develop its business model of offering real estate and trading options to nascent battery technologies here in the United States. Developments have previously been put on hold due to Geopolitical events and Covid related Shutdowns. The Company also intends to initially purchase already income producing properties or properties that will produce rent income in a short period of time, meaning less than three months. The income will be produced by the rent that we will be receiving because we will be the owners of the properties. In order to finance future real estate investments, we plan to do additional equity financing, and in addition, we plan to sell some of the properties that we will have acquired at a higher price that we paid in order to buy them using the proceeds in order to buy new properties again at opportunistic prices. Therefore, the profits of our operations will be used in order to acquire new properties. Additionally, we are in negotiations with a battery supplier specializing in golf cart and forklift batteries for the sale and distribution in the US Markets which will result in sales revenues. Investment goals Investment portfolio diversification Capital appreciation A holding period of from four to eight years Strategy and target markets Battery sales and Distribution Current negotiations include licensing for the sale and distribution in the US without regional restrictions for the supplier s entire product line of batteries. 18 Table of Contents FIRST AMERICA RESOURCES CORPORATION NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS JUNE 30, 2023 AND 2022 NOTE A - BUSINESS DESCRIPTION (CONTINUED) Use of Estimates Reclassifications Cash and Cash Equivalents and in cash and cash equivalents, respectively. On March 20, 2023, the company received a cash infusion of from its President, Mr. Jian Li to fully develop its business model of offering real estate options to nascent battery technologies here in the United States. 19 Table of Contents FIRST AMERICA RESOURCES CORPORATION NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS JUNE 30, 2023 AND 2022 NOTE B SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) Revenue Recognition Cost of Goods Sold Operating Expenses and operating expenses, respectively. Operating Leases 20 Table of Contents FIRST AMERICA RESOURCES CORPORATION NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS JUNE 30, 2023 AND 2022 NOTE B - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Recent Accounting Pronouncements shares were issued to officers and directors. Please see the table below for details: ________ The percentage of common shares was based on the total outstanding shares of as of June 30, 2023. Loans to Officer/Director From the period of April 1, 2012 to February 28, 2013, the former company officer, Keming Li, loaned to First America Resources Corporation (formerly known as Golden Oasis New Energy Group, Inc.) without interest and without written agreement. The payment term is on demand. On February 6, 2013, Mr. Keming Li sold his shares to Mr. Jian Li, and Mr. Jian Li became the loan holder for all the prior loans advanced by the former officer, Mr. Keming Li. As of March 31, 2013, the total loans from shareholder or officer were . For the period of April 1, 2013 to June 30, 2018, the officer and director Jian Li additionally loaned to the Company for continually operating of the business. For the period of July 1, 2018 to June 30, 2019, the officer and director Jian Li additionally loaned to the Company for continually operating of the business. 21 Table of Contents FIRST AMERICA RESOURCES CORPORATION NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS JUNE 30, 2023 AND 2022 NOTE C - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED) to the Company for continually operating of the business. For the period of July 1, 2020 to June 30, 2021, the officer and director Jian Li additionally loaned to the Company for continually operating of the business. For the period of July 1, 2021 to June 30, 2022, the officer and director Jian Li additionally loaned to the Company for continually operating of the business. As of June 30, 2023, the total loan outstanding from officer and director Jian Li is . shares of capital stock with a par value of . On May 10, 2010, the Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada. As of June 30, 2023, a total of shares were issued and outstanding. and an accumulated deficit of . The Company s lack of operating history and financial resources raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans are to acquire FAMCe (formerly known as First America Metal Corporation), a company owned primarily by Mr. Jian Li, or another operating company. The financial statements do not include adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty and if the Company is unable to generate significant revenue or secure financing, then the Company may be required to cease or curtail its operations. However, on March 20 th , 2023, the company received a cash infusion of from its President, Mr. Jian Li to fully develop its business model of offering real estate and trading options to nascent battery technologies here in the United States. Developments have previously been put on hold due to Geopolitical events and Covid related Shutdowns. available to offset taxable income in future years. A net operating loss can be carried forward indefinitely but is limited to 80 percent of taxable income in any one year . The amounts reported prior was an estimate prior to filing the return and is now being trued up based on the actual NOL now that the return is filed. 22 Table of Contents FIRST AMERICA RESOURCES CORPORATION NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS JUNE 30, 2023 AND 2022 NOTE F INCOME TAXES (CONTINUED) to the net loss before income taxes calculated for each jurisdiction for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The tax effect of the significant temporary differences, which comprise future tax assets and liabilities, are as follows: Valuation allowance change Provision for income taxes The significant components of deferred income tax assets and liabilities at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, are as follows: Valuation allowance Net deferred income tax asset 23 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures None Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company s Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of June 30, 2023. Based upon such evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer has concluded that, as of June 30, 2023, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. This conclusion by the Company s Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer does not relate to reporting periods after June 30, 2023. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023 based on the framework stated by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Furthermore, due to our financial situation, we will be implementing further internal controls as we become operative so as to fully comply with the standards set by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate due to change in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Based on its evaluation as of June 30, 2023, our management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of June 30, 2023. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of control deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 24 Table of Contents The material weakness relates to the following: 1. Accounting and Finance Personnel Weaknesses Our current accounting staff is relatively small and we do not have the required infrastructure of meeting the higher demands of being a U.S. public company. This material weakness also relates to a lack of personnel with expertise in preparing financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, in addition to the small size of the staff. 2. Lack of Internal Audit Function We lack sufficient resources to perform the internal audit function. 3. Lack of Audit Committee - We lack a formal audit committee In order to mitigate these material weaknesses to the fullest extent possible, the Company continues to study the implementation of additional internal controls over accounting and financial reporting. This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting No change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended June 30, 2023, that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None. 25 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Officers The board of directors elects our executive officers annually. A majority vote of the directors who are in office is required to fill vacancies. Each director shall be elected for the term of one year, and until his successor is elected and qualified, or until his earlier resignation or removal. Effective January 5, 2017, Tzongshyan George Sheu resigned as Vice President, Secretary and Director of the Company. Our director and executive officer at June 30, 2023 is as follows: Name Age Position Jian Li 63 Chairman, CEO and CFO Information concerning Mr. Jian Li is as follows: Mr. Li has been Chairman, CEO and CFO of our Company since February 6, 2013. From February 2002 to date he has been President/Owner of FAMCe (formerly known as First America Metal Corporation), a company in the Recycling Industry. He has a B.S. Engineering in 1982 from Zhejiang Industrial University, China. As a member of the board, Mr. Li contributes significant industry-specific experience and expertise on our products and services as well as significant management experience. He has had experience in the recycling business for more than 20 years. Legal Proceedings Except as set forth above or provided below, no officer, director, or persons nominated for such positions, promoter or significant employee has been involved in the last ten years in any of the following: (1) A petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing; (2) Such person was convicted in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) Such person was the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: (i) Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity; (ii) Engaging in any type of business practice; or (iii) Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; (4) Such person was the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in paragraph (3)(i) of this section, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; (5) Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 26 Table of Contents (6) Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; (7) Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: (i) Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or (ii) Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or (iii) Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or (8) Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act(15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act(7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. Code of Ethics We do not currently have a Code of Ethics applicable to our principal executive, financial or accounting officer. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance We are not subject to the requirements of Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Item 11. Executive Compensation Summary Compensation Table The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our Principal Executive Officer, our two most highly compensated executive officers other than our CEO who occupied such position at the end of our latest fiscal year and up to two additional executive officers who would have been included in the table below except for the fact that they were not executive officers at the end of our latest fiscal year, by us, or by any third party where the purpose of a transaction was to furnish compensation, for all services rendered in all capacities to us for the latest two fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, and June 30, 2022. Name and principal position Year Salary Bonus Stock Awards Option awards Nonequity incentive plan compensation Nonqualified deferred compensation earnings All other compensation Total Jian Li 2023 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 CEO/CFO 2022 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 We have not paid any compensation to our executive officer and we have no agreements or understandings, written or oral, to pay him compensation. 27 Table of Contents Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End The following table sets forth certain information for our executive officer concerning unexercised options, stock that has not vested, and equity incentive plan awards as of fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END JUNE 30, 2023 Name Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) Option Exercise Price ) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number Of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) Jian Li 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Long-Term Incentive Plans There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers, except that our directors and executive officers may receive stock options at the discretion of our Board of Directors. We do not have any material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock options may be granted at the discretion of our Board of Directors. As of the date of this report, we have no compensatory plan or arrangement with respect to any officer that results or will result in the payment of compensation in any form from the resignation, retirement or any other termination of employment of such officer s employment with our Company, from a change in control of our Company or a change in such officer s responsibilities following a change in control. 28 Table of Contents Board of Directors Director Compensation for fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 Name Fees earned or paid in cash ) Stock awards ) Option awards ) Non-equity incentive plan compensation ) Nonqualified deferred compensation earnings ) All other compensation ) Total ) Jian Li 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following tables set forth the ownership, as of the date of this prospectus, of our common stock by each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock, our directors, and our executive officers and directors as a group. To the best of our knowledge, the person named has sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares, except as otherwise noted. There are not any pending or anticipated arrangements that may cause a change in control. The information presented below regarding beneficial ownership of our voting securities has been presented in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not necessarily indicative of ownership for any other purpose. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a "beneficial owner" of a security if that person has or shares the power to vote or direct the voting of the security or the power to dispose or direct the disposition of the security. A person is deemed to own beneficially any security as to which such person has the right to acquire sole or shared voting or investment power within 60 days through the conversion or exercise of any convertible security, warrant, option or other right. More than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities. The percentage of beneficial ownership by any person as of a particular date is calculated by dividing the number of shares beneficially owned by such person, which includes the number of shares as to which such person has the right to acquire voting or investment power within 60 days, by the sum of the number of shares outstanding as of such date plus the number of shares as to which such person has the right to acquire voting or investment power within 60 days. Consequently, the denominator used for calculating such percentage may be different for each beneficial owner. Except as otherwise indicated below and under applicable community property laws, we believe that the beneficial owner of our common stock listed below has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. The business address of the shareholder is 1000 East Armstrong Street, Morris, IL 60450. Name Number of Shares of Common stock Percentage Jian Li 6,388,010 80.21 All executive officers and directors as a group [1 person] 6,388,010 80.21 This table is based upon information derived from our stock records. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table and subject to community property laws where applicable, the shareholder named in this table has sole or shared voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated as beneficially owned. Except as set forth above, applicable percentages are based upon 7,964,090 shares of common stock outstanding as of June 30, 2023. 29 Table of Contents Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Loans from Officer/Shareholder From the period of April 1, 2012 to February 28, 2013, the former company s officer, Keming Li, loaned 25,787 to First America Resources Corporation (formerly known as Golden Oasis New Energy Group, Inc.) without interest and without written agreement. The payment term is on demand. On February 6, 2013, Mr. Keming Li sold his shares to Mr. Jian Li, and Mr. Jian Li became the loan holder for all the prior loans advanced by the former officer, Mr. Keming Li. As of March 31, 2013, the total loans from shareholder or officer was 25,787. For the period of April 1, 2013 to June 30, 2018, the officer and shareholder Jian Li additionally loaned 121,146 to the Company for continually operating of the business. For the period of July 1, 2018 to June 30, 2019, the officer and director Jian Li additionally loaned 15,000 to the Company for continually operating of the business. For the period of July 1, 2019 to June 30, 2020, the officer and director Jian Li additionally loaned 22,000 to the Company for continually operating of the business. For the period of July 1, 2020 to June 30, 2021, the officer and director Jian Li additionally loaned 25,000 to the Company for continually operating of the business. For the period of July 1, 2021 to June 30, 2022, the officer and director Jian Li additionally loaned 20,000 to the Company for continually operating of the business. As of June 30, 2023, the total loan outstanding from officer and director Jian Li is 228,933. Director Independence Our board of directors has determined that we do not have a board member that qualifies as independent as the term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv)(B) of Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined by Rule 4200(a)(15) of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services Boyle CPA, LLC was our independent auditor for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. Due to the 5 year limit of engagement per the PCAOB, we had to change our auditor to Victor Mokuolu, CPA PLLC. He was our independent auditor for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. The following table shows the fees paid or accrued by us for the audit and other services provided by both auditors for fiscal 2023 and 2022. 2023 2022 Audit Fees 12,500 12,000 Audit-Related Fees - - Tax Fees - - All Other Fees - - Total 12,500 12,000 As defined by the SEC, (i) audit fees are fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in our Form 10-Q and 10-K, or for services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years; (ii) audit-related fees are fees for assurance and related services by our principal accountant that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under audit fees; (iii) tax fees are fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning; and (iv) all other fees are fees for products and services provided by our principal accountant, other than the services reported under audit fees, audit-related fees, and tax fees. Under applicable SEC rules, the Audit Committee is required to pre-approve the audit and non-audit services performed by the independent auditors in order to ensure that they do not impair the auditors independence. The SEC s rules specify the types of non-audit services that an independent auditor may not provide to its audit client and establish the Audit Committee s responsibility for administration of the engagement of the independent auditors. Until such time as we have an Audit Committee in place, the Board of Directors will pre-approve the audit and non-audit services performed by the independent auditors. Consistent with the SEC s rules, the Audit Committee Charter requires that the Audit Committee review and pre-approve all audit services and permitted non-audit services provided by the independent auditors to us or any of our subsidiaries. The Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to a member of the Audit Committee and if it does, the decisions of that member must be presented to the full Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. 30 Table of Contents Item 15. Exhibits Exhibit No. Document Description 31.1 CERTIFICATION of CEO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002. 32.1 CERTIFICATION of CEO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002. Exhibit 101 Interactive data files formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Balance Sheets, (ii) the Statements of Operations, (iii) the Statements of Cash Flows, and (iv) the Notes to the Financial Statements. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). ___________________ This exhibit shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any filings. XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 31 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. First America Resources Corporation, a Nevada corporation Title Name Date Signature Principal Executive Officer Jian Li October 6, 2023 /s/ Jian Li Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. SIGNATURE NAME TITLE DATE /s/ Jian Li Jian Li Principal Executive Officer, October 6, 2023 Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer and Director 32 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Document Description 31.1 CERTIFICATION of CEO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002. 32.1 CERTIFICATION of CEO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002. Exhibit 101 Interactive data files formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Balance Sheets, (ii) the Statements of Operations, (iii) the Statements of Cash Flows, and (iv) the Notes to the Financial Statements. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). ___________________ This exhibit shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any filings. XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 33 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 fstj_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 fstj_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Jian Li, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of First America Resources Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. First America Resources Corporation Dated: October 6, 2023 By: /s/ Jian Li Jian Li Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 fstj_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 fstj_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned hereby certifies that the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2023 for First America Resources Corporation (the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. First America Resources Corporation Dated: October 6, 2023 By: /s/ Jian Li Jian Li Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to First America Resources Corporation and will be retained by First America Resources Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 fstj-20230630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 fstj-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 fstj-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 fstj-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

