<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231018_10-K_edgar_data_107687_0000107687-23-000028.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20262714</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>250131</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>11423194</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4023275</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2331555</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2001758</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000107687-23-000028.hdr.sgml : 20231018
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231018162251
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000107687-23-000028
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		141
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230826
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231018
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231018

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WINNEBAGO INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000107687
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR HOMES [3716]
		IRS NUMBER:				420802678
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0826

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06403
		FILM NUMBER:		231332463

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13200 PIONEER TRAIL
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			EDEN PRAIRIE
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55347
		BUSINESS PHONE:		952-829-8600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13200 PIONEER TRAIL
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			EDEN PRAIRIE
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55347

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MODERNISTIC INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19670528

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000107687-23-000028.txt : 20231018

10-K
 1
 wgo-20230826.htm
 10-K

wgo-20230826 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 ; 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ___________________ to _______________________ 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) incorporation or organization) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 I ndicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately as of February 25, 2023, based upon the closing price of 63.97 as of February 24, 2023 as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 As of October 12, 2023, shares of the registrant's common stock, par value 0.50 per share, were outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Winnebago Industries, Inc. 
 Fiscal 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Table of Contents 
 PART I 
 5 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 11 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 17 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 17 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 18 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 18 
 PART II 
 19 
 Item 5. 
 Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 19 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 21 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 29 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 30 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 61 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 61 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 61 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 61 
 PART III 
 62 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 62 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 62 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 62 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions , and Director Independence 
 62 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Account ant Fees and Services 
 62 
 PART IV 
 63 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 63 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 68 
 SIGNATURES 
 69 

3 

Table of Contents 

 WINNEBAGO INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 Report for the Fiscal Year Ended August 26, 2023 
 
 Safe Harbor Statement Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act 
 
 Certain of the matters discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), which involve risks and uncertainties. With the exception of historical information, the matters discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking statements and may be identified by the use of words such as "anticipate," "assume," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "guidance," "intend," "outlook," "plan," "project," and other words and terms of similar meaning. Such statements reflect our current views and estimates with respect to future market conditions, company performance and financial results, operational investments, business prospects, new strategies, the competitive environment, and other events. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the potential results discussed in such forward-looking statements. Readers should review Item 1A, Risk Factors , in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 26, 2023, for a description of important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Among the factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those contained in such forward-looking statements are the following: 
 General economic uncertainty in key markets and a worsening of domestic and global economic conditions or low levels of economic growth. 
 Availability of financing for RV and marine dealers. 
 Competition and new product introductions by competitors. 
 Ability to innovate and commercialize new products. 
 Ability to manage our inventory to meet demand. 
 Risk related to cyclicality and seasonality of our business. 
 Risk related to independent dealers. 
 Risk related to dealer consolidation or the loss of a significant dealer. 
 Significant increase in repurchase obligations. 
 Ability to retain relationships with our suppliers and obtain components. 
 Business or production disruptions. 
 Inadequate management of dealer inventory levels. 
 Increased material and component costs, including availability and price of fuel and other raw materials. 
 Ability to integrate mergers and acquisitions. 
 Ability to attract and retain qualified personnel and changes in market compensation rates. 
 Exposure to warranty claims. 
 Ability to protect our information technology systems from data security, cyberattacks, and network disruption risks and the ability to successfully upgrade and evolve our information technology systems. 
 Ability to retain brand reputation and related exposure to product liability claims. 
 Governmental regulation, including for climate change. 
 Increased attention to environmental, social, and governance ("ESG") matters, and our ability to meet our commitments. 
 Impairment of goodwill and trade names. 
 Risks related to our Convertible and Senior Secured Notes, including our ability to satisfy our obligations under these notes. 
 
 Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the "forward-looking statements" are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. Undue reliance should not be placed on these "forward-looking statements," which speak only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any "forward-looking statements," whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law or the rules of the New York Stock Exchange. We advise you to consult any further disclosures made on related subjects in future quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K that are filed or furnished with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 
 General 
 The use of terms "Winnebago Industries," "Winnebago," "we," "our," and "us" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the context otherwise requires, refer to Winnebago Industries, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. 
 
 Winnebago Industries, Inc. is one of the leading North American manufacturers of recreation vehicles ("RV"s) and marine products with a diversified portfolio used primarily in leisure travel and outdoor recreational activities. We also design and manufacture advanced battery solutions that deliver house power, supporting internal electrical features and appliances for a variety of outdoor products including RVs, boats, specialty and other low-speed vehicles, as well as other industrial applications. We produce our towable RV units in Indiana; our motorhome RV units in Iowa and Indiana; our marine units in Indiana and Florida; and our battery solutions in Florida. We distribute our RV and marine products primarily through independent dealers throughout the U.S. and Canada, who then retail the products to the end consumer. We also distribute our marine products internationally through independent dealers, who then retail the products to the end consumer. Our battery solutions are primarily sold to customers in the U.S. 
 
 Fiscal 2023 refers to the fiscal year ended August 26, 2023, Fiscal 2022 refers to the fiscal year ended August 27, 2022, and Fiscal 2021 refers to the fiscal year ended August 28, 2021. The financial statements presented are all 52-week fiscal periods. 
 
 Available Information 
 Our internet website, located at www.winnebagoind.com, provides additional information about us. On our website you can obtain, free of charge, this and prior year Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all other recent filings with the SEC. Our recent press releases and important information regarding our corporate governance practices are also available on our website. Information contained on our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The SEC also maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC which can be accessed at http://www.sec.gov. 
 
 Reportable Segment Name Changes 
 In the third quarter of Fiscal 2023, we changed the name of our Towable segment to Towable RV and our Motorhome segment to Motorhome RV. These name changes had no impact on the composition of our segments, or previously reported results of operations, financial position, cash flows or segment results. 
 
 Principal Products 
 Our operations are organized into three reportable segments, Towable RV, Motorhome RV, and Marine, based on similarities within their markets, products, operations and distributions. 
 
 Towable RV 
 A towable RV is a non-motorized vehicle that is designed to be towed by automobiles, pickup trucks, SUVs, or vans and is used primarily as temporary living quarters during vacation and camping trips, or to support active and mobile lifestyles. The Recreation Vehicle Industry Association ("RVIA") classifies towable RVs into four types: conventional travel trailers, fifth wheels, folding camper trailers, and truck campers. We manufacture and sell conventional travel trailers and fifth wheels under the Winnebago and Grand Design brand names, which are defined as follows: 
 Type Description Winnebago product offerings Grand Design product offerings Travel trailer Towed by means of a hitch attached to the frame of the vehicle HIKE, Micro Minnie, Minnie, and Voyage Imagine, Momentum, Reflection, and Transcend Fifth wheel Constructed with a raised forward section that is connected to the vehicle with a special fifth wheel hitch N/A Momentum, Reflection, and Solitude 
 
 Our travel trailer and fifth wheel towable RVs are sold by dealers in the retail market with manufacturer's suggested retail prices ranging from approximately 30,000 to 150,000, which can vary depending on size and model, plus optional equipment and delivery charges. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Motorhome RV 
 A motorhome RV is a self-propelled mobile dwelling used primarily as temporary living quarters during vacation and camping trips, or to support active and mobile lifestyles. The RVIA classifies motorhome RVs into three types, all of which we manufacture and sell under the Winnebago and Newmar brand names, which are defined as follows: 
 
 Type Description Winnebago product offerings Newmar product offerings Class A Built on a heavy truck chassis in both diesel and gas models with the ability to tow a small vehicle Gas: Adventurer, Sunstar, and Vista Gas: Bay Star and Bay Star Sport Diesel: Forza and Journey Diesel: Canyon Star, Dutch Star, Essex, King Aire, Kountry Star, London Aire, Mountain Aire, New Aire, and Ventana Class B Built by adding a taller roof and amenities to an existing van, which allows for easy maneuvering Gas: Solis and Travato N/A Diesel: Boldt, Era, Revel, and Roam Class C Built on a medium truck chassis in both diesel and gas models with similar features and amenities to Class A models Gas: Ekko, Minnie Winnie, and Spirit Diesel: Super Star and Supreme Aire Diesel: Navion, Porto, View, and Vita 
 
 Our Class A, Class B, and Class C motorhome RVs are sold by dealers in the retail market with manufacturer's suggested retail prices ranging from approximately 140,000 to 1,650,000, which can vary depending on size and model, plus optional equipment and delivery charges. Our motorhome RVs range in length from 18 to 45 feet. 
 
 Motorhome RV parts and service activities represent revenues generated by service work we perform for retail customers at our Forest City, Iowa and Nappanee, Indiana facilities as well as revenues from the sale of unit parts. Our competitive strategy is to provide proprietary manufactured parts through our dealer network, which we believe increases customer satisfaction and the value of our motorhome RVs. 
 
 Marine 
 We manufacture and sell premium quality recreational boats under our Chris-Craft and Barletta brands through an established network of independent authorized dealers. 
 
 Type Chris-Craft product offerings Barletta product offerings Boats Calypso, Catalina, Launch, and Launch GT Aria, Cabrio, Corsa, Lusso, and Reserve 
 
 Our boats are sold by dealers in the retail market with manufacturer's suggested retail prices ranging from approximately 60,000 to 770,000, which can vary depending on size and model, plus optional equipment and delivery charges. 
 
 Winnebago Specialty Vehicles 
 We manufacture accessibility enhanced motorhomes under the Winnebago brand name, which are vehicles with a wheelchair lift to allow individuals with physical disabilities access to the motorhome. In addition, we also manufacture other specialty commercial vehicles custom designed for the buyer's specific needs and requirements, such as law enforcement command centers, mobile medical clinics, and mobile office space. We also provide commercial vehicles as bare shells to third-party upfitters for conversion at their facilities. These specialty commercial vehicles are manufactured in Forest City, Iowa and sold through our dealer network. 
 
 Lithionics 
 On April 28, 2023, we acquired 100 of the equity interests Lithionics Battery, LLC and Lithionics LLC (collectively, "Lithionics"), a premier lithium-ion battery solutions provider to the recreational equipment and specialty vehicle markets. Using a proprietary battery management system called NeverDie Technology, Lithionics offers a broad range of standard and custom-designed battery configurations delivering house power and supporting internal electrical features and appliances for a variety of outdoor products, including RVs, boats, specialty and other low-speed vehicles, as well as other industrial applications. These batteries are manufactured in Clearwater, Florida. Refer to Note 2 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of Part II in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for further detail regarding the acquisition. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Production 
 We generally produce towable RVs, motorhome RVs, and marine products made to order for dealers. We have some ability to increase our capacity by scheduling overtime and/or hiring additional production employees or to decrease our capacity through the use of shortened work weeks and/or reducing head count. We have long been known as an industry leader in innovation as each year we introduce new or redesigned products. These changes generally include new floor plans, features, functionality, and sizes as well as design and decor modifications. Most of our raw materials such as steel, aluminum, fiberglass, and wood products are obtainable from numerous sources. 
 
 Our towable RVs are produced at two assembly campuses located in Middlebury, Indiana. The majority of components are comprised of frames, appliances, and furniture, and are purchased from multiple suppliers. 
 
 Our motorhome RVs are produced in the states of Iowa and Indiana at five different assembly campuses. Our motorhome RV business utilizes vertically integrated supply streams, with the principal exceptions being chassis, engines, generators, and appliances that we purchase from multiple suppliers. Certain parts, especially motorhome RV chassis, are available from a small group of suppliers. 
 
 Our marine products are produced in the states of Indiana and Florida at two different assembly campuses. We manufacture certain components and purchase other components from suppliers and install them on the boat. Certain parts, especially motors, are available from a small group of suppliers. 
 
 Backlog 
 We strive to balance timely order fulfillment to our dealers with the lead times suppliers require to efficiently source materials and manage costs. Production facility constraints at peak periods also lead to fluctuations in backlog orders, which we manage closely. A more detailed description of our Towable RV, Motorhome RV, and Marine order backlog is included in Item 7 of Part II in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Distribution and Financing 
 We distribute our RV and marine products primarily through independent dealers throughout the U.S. and Canada, who then retail the products to the end consumer. We also distribute our marine products internationally through independent dealers, who then retail the products to the end consumer. Foreign sales accounted for less than 10 of net revenues during each of the past three fiscal years. 
 
 As of August 26, 2023, our RV and marine dealer network in the U.S. and Canada included approximately 750 physical dealer locations, many of which carry more than one of our brands. None of our dealer organizations accounted for more than 10 of our net revenues during each of the past three fiscal years. 
 
 We have sales and service agreements with most dealers, which are subject to annual review. Many of the dealers are also engaged in other areas of business, including the sale of automobiles, trailers, or boats, and most dealers carry one or more competitive lines of products. We continue to place high emphasis on the capability of our dealers to provide complete service for our products. Dealers are obligated to provide full service for owners of our products or, in lieu thereof, to secure such service from other authorized providers. 
 
 We advertise and promote our products through national trade magazines, product brochures, the Go RVing national advertising campaign sponsored by RVIA, our websites, social media, direct-mail advertising campaigns, various national promotional opportunities, and on a local basis through trade shows, television, radio, and newspapers, primarily in connection with area dealers. 
 
 Sales to dealers are made primarily on cash terms. Most dealers are financed on a "floorplan" basis under which a bank or finance company lends the dealer all, or substantially all, of the purchase price, collateralized by a security interest in the merchandise purchased. As is customary in the industries we serve, we typically enter into a repurchase agreement with a lending institution financing a dealer's purchase of our product upon the lending institution's request and after completion of a credit check of the dealer involved. Our repurchase agreements provide that, for up to 18 months after an RV unit is financed and up to 24 months after a marine unit is financed, in the event of default by the dealer on the agreement to pay the lending institution and repossession of the unit(s) by the lending institution, we will repurchase the financed merchandise from the lender at the amount then due, which is often less than dealer invoice. Our maximum exposure for repurchases can vary significantly, depending upon the level of dealer inventory, general economic conditions, demand for our products, dealer location, and access to and the cost of financing. See Note 12 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of Part II in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for more information. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Competition 
 The RV and marine markets are highly competitive with many other manufacturers selling products which compete directly with our products. Some of our competitors are much larger than us, most notably in the towable RV market, which may provide these competitors additional purchasing power. The competition in our industries is based upon design, price, quality, features, and service of the products. We believe our principal competitive advantages are our brand strength, product differentiation, product quality, and our service after the sale. We also believe that our products have historically commanded a price premium as a result of these competitive advantages. 
 
 Seasonality 
 The primary use of RVs and marine products for leisure travel and outdoor recreation has historically led to a peak retail selling season concentrated in the spring and summer months and lower sales during fall and winter months. Our sales are generally influenced by this pattern in retail sales, but sales can also be impacted by the level of dealer inventory. As a result, our sales are historically lowest during our second fiscal quarter, which ends in February. 
 
 Governmental Regulations 
 We are subject to a variety of federal, state, local, and, to a limited extent, international laws and regulations, including the federal Motor Vehicle Act ("MVA"), under which the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ("NHTSA") may require manufacturers to recall RVs that contain safety-related defects, and numerous state consumer protection laws and regulations relating to the operation of motor vehicles, including so-called "Lemon Laws." The Boat Safety Act of 1971 has similar safety-related recall requirements for marine units. In addition, marine units sold in the U.S. and Europe must meet the certification standards of the U.S. Coast Guard and the European Community, respectively. 
 
 We are also subject to regulations established by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration ("OSHA"). Our facilities are periodically inspected by federal and state agencies, such as OSHA. We are a member of RVIA, a voluntary association of RV manufacturers, which promulgates RV safety standards. We place an RVIA seal on each of our RVs to certify that the RVIA standards have been met. We believe that our products and facilities comply in all material respects with the applicable vehicle safety, consumer protection, RVIA, and OSHA regulations and standards. 
 
 Our operations are subject to a variety of federal and state environmental laws and regulations relating to the use, generation, storage, treatment, emission, labeling, and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes, and noise pollution. We believe that we are currently in compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations in all material aspects. 
 
 Trademarks 
 Our products are marketed under a variety of valuable trademarks. Some of the more important trademarks used in our business include Winnebago, Grand Design, Newmar, Chris-Craft, Barletta and Lithionics. We protect these trademarks as appropriate through registrations in the U.S. and other jurisdictions. Depending on jurisdiction, trademarks are generally valid as long as they are in use or their registrations are properly maintained and they have not been found to have become generic. Registrations of trademarks can also generally be renewed indefinitely for as long as the trademarks are in use. 
 
 We continue our focus on developing and marketing innovative, proprietary products, many of which use proprietary expertise, trade secrets, and know-how. We consider the collective rights under our various patents, which expire from time to time, a valuable asset, but we do not believe that our businesses are materially dependent upon any single patent or group of related patents. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 Our employees are our greatest strength and we are committed to providing a safe, inclusive, high-performance culture where our people thrive. We strive to recruit, develop, engage and protect our workforce. The following are key human capital measures and objectives that we currently focus on: 
 
 Employee Experience Leadership and Culture Development 
 We believe our future success depends on our people. Attracting, engaging, retaining and developing diverse talent is a key priority. We strive to grow and develop all of our teams and bolster our talent pipeline. Our leadership expectations provide a shared understanding of the skills our teams develop through continuous learning opportunities and training. Our Code of Conduct and our human rights policy include shared values and guide relationships with our people and our stakeholders. To build and attract the next generation of leaders, we have developed external partnerships, introducing high school and first-generation college students to potential career opportunities in the RV and marine industries. To increase the pipeline of diverse talent in the outdoor industry, we provided founding support to the Leaders from The Future of Work Internship Program in partnership with nonprofit partner Camber Outdoors. This innovative, diversity, equity, and inclusive ("DEI") focused internship program engages Black, Latino, Asian American and Pacific Islander, and Native/Indigenous students in meaningful paid summer internships. We 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 also collaborate with regional education and workforce development partners to connect job seekers with on-the-job training and leadership development. 
 
 Team members respond regularly to an engagement survey, administered at least every two years, that evaluates our employees thoughts about their experience working at Winnebago Industries. Responses are reviewed by team leaders and used to help build specific action plans to continually improve our employee engagement, satisfaction, and retention. We engage employees through community volunteerism, team-building, and employee resource groups. We strive to continually improve our employee experience, develop and grow our teams, and create a culture of inclusion and belonging. 
 
 As of August 26, 2023, we employed approximately 6,250 persons, of which approximately 28 and 72 were non-production and production workers, respectively. In addition, approximately 18 and 82 were salaried and hourly employees, respectively. None of our employees are covered under a collective bargaining agreement. We believe our relations with our employees are good. 
 
 Commitment to Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, and Action ("IDEA") 
 We believe in the value of building a company and community where every person feels welcome, is treated fairly, and has an equal opportunity to succeed while bringing their authentic self to work. In our second year of implementing our All In, Outdoors roadmap, we continued to center creating a better sense of belonging in our workplace, our communities, and the outdoors. We advanced our strategy by listening and learning, including by establishing an IDEA Speaker series, where subject matter experts provide inspiration, tools, and resources to create an inclusive culture. In addition, our Courageous Conversations program helps build connections with employees through conversations that provide awareness and understanding around community and cultural sensitivities that can be difficult in the workplace. We launched our first employee resource group in 2022, the Women s Inclusion Network ("WIN"), whose mission is to support the professional development of women by encouraging access to learning, mentoring, and networking. WIN s goal is to provide programming and tools, increase women s sense of belonging, and the percentage of women in leadership roles within our businesses. We remain involved with partners who help advance our goals including CEO Action for Diversity Inclusion, Society of Women Engineers, Women in Manufacturing, RV Women s Alliance, and more. 
 
 We are committed to increasing inclusion across our industry and beyond. Approximately 24 of our executive and senior leadership team members are women and 11 are racially or ethnically diverse. We continue to expand our partnerships with nonprofit organizations led by and for communities of color and women and organizations helping to diversify the talent pipeline including Camber Outdoors and the Society of Women Engineers. 
 
 We also recognize the importance of having diverse perspectives on our Board of Directors and aspire to promote diversity as we build and refresh our Board of Directors. Our IDEA framework, which serves as a roadmap to guide us forward on our inclusion journey, includes the Board of Directors, leadership development, and engagement. As of August 26, 2023, 22 of our Board of Directors were women, and 22 were racially or ethnically diverse. 
 
 We believe our company and our brands should reflect the diversity of outdoor enthusiasts. We also believe we thrive and are more successful when we empower, value, and respect our employees and our communities. We are committed to continuing to build a stronger, more inclusive culture and workplace. 
 
 Employee Well-being and Safety 
 Winnebago Industries is committed to designing, operating, and maintaining safe, controlled working conditions and a zero-harm culture. We operate under the principle that all workplace injuries and illnesses are predictable and preventable. We aspire to control all workplace exposures to risk on our road to zero-harm, and we embed safety as part of our DNA that guides our purpose, culture, and operations. With the mental, emotional, and physical well-being of our employees as a key focus, we have provided resources for employees to manage remote work and balance parental and other family responsibilities. In Fiscal 2023, our total recordable incident rate ("TRIR") was 4.93, a 16 improvement compared to 5.85 in Fiscal 2022. In Fiscal 2023, our days away restricted transfer rate ("DART") was 2.14, a 33 improvement compared to 3.20 in Fiscal 2022. We are an industry leader in workplace safety and our commitment to safety never stops. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Information about our Executive Officers Name Office (Year First Elected an Officer) Age Michael J. Happe President and Chief Executive Officer (2016) 52 Ashis N. Bhattacharya Senior Vice President, Business Development, Advanced Technology and Strategic Planning (2016) 61 Stacy L. Bogart Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary and Corporate Responsibility President, Winnebago Industries Foundation (2018) 60 Huw S. Bower President, Winnebago Outdoors (2020) 49 Donald J. Clark President, Grand Design RV (2016) 63 Bryan L. Hughes Chief Financial Officer; Senior Vice President, Finance, Investor Relations and Information Technology (2017) 54 Casey J. Tubman President, Newmar Corporation (2022) 51 Christopher D. West Senior Vice President, Enterprise Operations and Barletta Boats (2016) 51 Bret A. Woodson Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Corporate Relations (2015) 53 
 
 Officers are elected annually by the Board of Directors and hold office until their successors are chosen and qualify or until their death or resignation. There are no family relationships between or among any of the Executive Officers or Directors of the Company. 
 
 Mr. Happe joined Winnebago Industries in January 2016 as President and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to joining Winnebago, he had been employed by The Toro Company, a provider of outdoor maintenance and beautification products, from 1997 to 2016. He served as Executive Officer and Group Vice President of Toro's Residential and Contractor businesses from March 2012 to December 2015. From August 2010 to March 2012, he served as Toro's Vice President, Residential and Landscape Contractor Businesses. Prior to that, he held a series of senior leadership positions throughout his career across a variety of Toro's domestic and international divisions. 
 
 Mr. Bhattacharya joined Winnebago Industries in June 2016 as Vice President, Strategic Planning and Development. He became Vice President, Business Development, Specialty Vehicles, and Advanced Technology in 2019 and Senior Vice President, Business Development, Advanced Technology, and Enterprise Marketing in September 2020. Prior to joining Winnebago, Mr. Bhattacharya served at Honeywell International, Inc., a software industrial company, as Vice President, Strategy, Alliances Internet of Things for the Sensing and Productivity Solutions division from 2010 to 2016. Prior to that, he was employed with Moog, Motorola, and Bain Company in a variety of roles. 
 
 Ms. Bogart joined Winnebago Industries in January 2018 as Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary and was appointed Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary and Corporate Responsibility and President, Winnebago Industries Foundation in October 2020. Prior to joining Winnebago Industries, Ms. Bogart was Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Compliance Officer, Corporate Secretary at Polaris Industries Inc., a manufacturer and marketer of powersports products, where she joined in November 2009. Previously, Ms. Bogart was General Counsel of Liberty Diversified International; Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary at The Toro Company; and a Senior Attorney for Honeywell International, Inc. 
 
 Mr. Bower joined Winnebago Industries in October 2020 as President, Winnebago Outdoors. Prior to joining Winnebago Industries, he was President of the Boat Group at Brunswick Corporation, a developer and manufacturer of marine/boating products, from April 2016 to September 2020. Mr. Bower has over 15 years of general management, brand leadership and executive experience in the marine industry. 
 
 Mr. Clark, President of Grand Design RV, became an officer of Winnebago Industries in November 2016 in accordance with the terms of the Grand Design acquisition. He co-founded Grand Design RV, LLC in 2012 and built the team at Grand Design RV. Mr. Clark has over 30 years of successful RV industry experience. 
 
 Mr. Hughes joined Winnebago Industries as Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of the Company in May 2017 and was appointed Senior Vice President, Finance, Information Technology and Strategic Planning, and Chief Financial Officer, in October 2020. Mr. Hughes joined Winnebago Industries from Ecolab, Inc., a global sustainability leader offering water, hygiene and infection prevention solutions and services to customers in the food, healthcare, life sciences, hospitality and industrial markets, where he served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller from 2014 to 2017, Vice President of Finance from 2008 to 2014 and in various management positions from 1996 to 2008. Prior to his employment with Ecolab, he worked for Ernst Young, a public accounting firm. 
 
 Mr. Tubman joined Winnebago Industries in August 2022 as President of Newmar Corporation. Mr. Tubman joined Winnebago Industries from Whirlpool Corporation, a multinational manufacturer of home appliances, where he served in a variety of leadership and executive roles for over 25 years. Most recently, he served as Vice President and Global Platform Leader from February 2022 to July 2022. He also served as Vice President of Product Marketing from January 2020 to February 2022, and Vice President and General Manager from October 2015 to January 2020. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Mr. West joined Winnebago Industries in September 2016 as Vice President, Operations and was appointed Senior Vice President, Enterprise Operations in October 2020. He previously was Vice President of Global Supply Chain for Joy Global, a worldwide mining equipment manufacturer, from 2014 to 2016, and Operations Director from 2012 to 2014. Mr. West served as Director of Manufacturing for AGCO Corporation, an agricultural equipment manufacturer, from 2008 to 2012 and as Director of Operations and in other management positions for the Nordam Group, a manufacturer of aircraft interiors, from 1999 to 2009. 
 
 Mr. Woodson joined Winnebago Industries in January 2015 as Vice President, Administration and was appointed Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Corporate Relations in October 2020. Prior to joining Winnebago, Mr. Woodson was Vice President of Human Resources at Corbion N.V., a food and biochemicals company, from 2007 to 2014 and Director, Human Resources at Sara Lee Corporation from 1999 to 2007. Mr. Woodson has over 25 years of business and human resources experience. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Described below are certain risks that we believe apply to our business and the industries in which we operate. The following risk factors should be considered carefully in addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The risks and uncertainties highlighted represent the most significant risk factors that we believe may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity or access to sources of financing, and, consequently, the market value of our common stock. The risks and uncertainties discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not exclusive and other risk factors that we may consider immaterial or do not anticipate may emerge as significant risks and uncertainties. 
 
 Macroeconomic Risks 
 Our business may be sensitive to economic conditions, including those that impact consumer spending. 
 Companies within the RV and marine industries are subject to volatility in operating results due primarily to general economic conditions because the purchase of a RV or marine product is often viewed as a consumer discretionary purchase. Demand for discretionary goods in general can fluctuate with recessionary conditions, slow or negative economic growth rates, negative consumer confidence, reduced consumer spending levels resulting from tax increases or other factors, prolonged high unemployment rates, higher commodity and component costs, fuel prices, inflationary or deflationary pressures, reduced credit availability or unfavorable credit terms for dealers and end-user customers, higher short-term interest rates, and general economic and political conditions and expectations. Specific factors affecting the RV and marine industries include: 
 
 Overall consumer confidence and the level of discretionary consumer spending; 
 Employment trends; 
 Fuel prices; 
 Inflationary pressures affecting disposable consumer income; 
 Interest rate fluctuations; 
 The adverse impact of global tensions on consumer spending and travel-related activities; and 
 The adverse impact on margins due to increases in raw material costs, which we are unable to pass on to customers without negatively affecting sales. 
 
 Credit market deterioration and volatility may restrict the ability of our dealers and retail customers to finance the purchase of our products. 
 Our business is affected by the availability and terms of the financing to dealers. Generally, RV and marine dealers finance their purchases of inventory with financing provided by lending institutions. One financial flooring institution held approximately 33 of our total financed dealer inventory dollars that were outstanding at August 26, 2023. In the event that this lending institution limits or discontinues dealer financing, we could experience a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 Our business is also affected by the availability and terms of financing to retail purchasers. Retail buyers purchasing one of our products may elect to finance their purchase through the dealership or a financial institution of their choice. Substantial increases in interest rates or decreases in the general availability of credit for our dealers or for the retail purchaser may have an adverse impact upon our business and results of operations. 
 
 Industry Risks 
 The industries in which we operate are highly competitive. Failure to compete effectively against competitors could negatively impact our business and operating results. 
 The markets for RVs and marine products are very competitive. Competitive factors in the industries include price, design, value, quality, service, brand awareness, and reputation. There can be no assurance that existing or new competitors will not develop products that are superior to our products or that achieve better consumer acceptance, thereby adversely affecting our market share, sales volume, and profit margins. Some of our competitors are much larger than we are, and this size advantage provides these competitors with more financial resources and access to capital, additional purchasing power, and greater leverage with the dealer networks. In addition, competition could increase if new companies enter the market, existing competitors consolidate their operations, or if existing competitors expand their product lines or intensify efforts within existing product lines. Our current products, products under development, and our ability to develop new and improved products may be insufficient to enable us to 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 compete effectively with our competitors. These competitive pressures may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 If we are unable to continue to enhance existing products and develop and market new or enhanced products that respond to customer needs and preferences, we may experience a decrease in demand for our products and our business could suffer. 
 One of our growth strategies is to develop innovative, customer-valued products to generate revenue growth. We may not be able to compete as effectively with our competitors, and ultimately satisfy the needs and preferences of our customers, unless we can continue to enhance existing products and develop new innovative products for the markets in which we compete. Product development requires significant financial, technological, and other resources. Product improvements and new product introductions also require significant research, planning, design, development, engineering, and testing at the technological, product, and manufacturing process levels, and we may not be able to timely develop and introduce product improvements or new products. Our competitors' new products may beat our products to market, be higher quality or more reliable, be more effective with more features and/or less expensive than our products, obtain better market acceptance, or render our products obsolete. Any new products that we develop may not receive market acceptance or otherwise generate any meaningful net sales or profits for us relative to our expectations based on, among other things, existing and anticipated investments in manufacturing capacity and commitments to fund advertising, marketing, promotional programs, and research and development. 
 
 If we are unable to properly forecast future demand of our products, our production levels may not meet demand, which could negatively impact our operating results. 
 Our ability to manage our inventory levels to meet our customers' demand for our products is important for our business. For example, certain dealers are focused on the rental market which spikes over the summer vacation period while other dealers are focused on direct sales to the consumer at various price points. Our production levels and inventory management are based on demand estimates six to twelve months forward, taking into account supply lead times, production capacity, timing of shipments, and dealer inventory levels. If we overestimate or underestimate demand for any of our products during a given season, we may not maintain appropriate inventory levels, which could negatively impact our net sales or working capital, hinder our ability to meet customer demand, or cause us to incur excess and obsolete inventory charges. 
 
 Our business is both cyclical and seasonal and is subject to fluctuations in sales and net income. 
 The RV and marine industries have been characterized by cycles of growth and contraction in consumer demand, reflecting prevailing economic and demographic conditions, which affect disposable income for leisure-time activities. Consequently, the results for any prior period may not be indicative of results for any future period. 
 
 Seasonal factors, over which we have no control, also have an effect on the demand for our products. Demand in the RV and marine industries generally declines over the winter season, while sales are generally highest during the spring and summer months. Also, unusually severe weather conditions in some markets may impact demand. 
 
 Our business depends on the performance of independent dealers. 
 We distribute our RV and marine products primarily through independent dealers across the U.S. and Canada, who then retail the products to the end consumer. We also distribute our marine products internationally through independent dealers, who then retail the products to the end consumer. We rely on our dealers to develop and implement effective strategies to create retail demand for our products. If our independent dealers are unsuccessful in doing so, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 Our success is dependent on our ability to attract new dealers and maintain relationships with existing dealers. Our independent dealers maintain control over which products they carry and choose to sell, and they may promote other products, or terminate existing relationships if our products are not perceived as being desirable and profitable. Our results of operations can be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain and develop successful relationships with independent dealers. 
 
 The financial condition of independent dealers is affected in large part by conditions and events that are beyond our control. Significant deterioration in the financial condition of independent dealers could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 An increase in dealer consolidation or the loss of a significant dealer could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 In recent periods there has been an increase in acquisitions and consolidation across the U.S. RV independent dealer network. Although none of our dealer organizations accounted for more than 10 of our net revenues during each of the past three fiscal years, continued consolidation of independent dealers could have a material adverse impact on our operating results and our exposure to repurchase obligations. In addition, the loss of a significant dealer could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 If we are obligated to repurchase a substantially larger number of our products in the future than estimated due to dealer default, these purchases could result in adverse effects on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 In accordance with customary practice in our industries, upon request we enter into formal repurchase agreements with lending institutions financing a dealer's purchase of our products. In these repurchase agreements we agree, in the event of a default by an independent dealer in its obligation to a lender and repossession of the unit(s) by the lending institution, to repurchase units at declining prices over the term of the agreements, which can last up to 24 months. The difference between the gross repurchase price and the price at which the repurchased product can then be resold, which is typically at a discount to the gross repurchase price, represents a potential expense to us. In certain instances, we also repurchase inventory from our dealers due to state law or regulatory requirements that govern voluntary or involuntary terminations. If we are obligated to repurchase a substantially larger number of units in the future than we estimate, this would increase our costs and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 
 Operational Risks 
 For some of the components used in production, we depend on a small group of suppliers and the loss of any of these suppliers could affect our ability to obtain components timely or at competitive prices, which would decrease our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 Most of our RV and marine components are readily available from numerous sources. However, a few of our components are produced by a small group of suppliers. In Fiscal 2023, one of our suppliers individually accounted for approximately 15 of our consolidated raw material purchases. In the case of motorhome RV chassis, Mercedes-Benz (USA and Canada), Stellantis N.V., Freightliner Trucks, Ford Motor Company, and Spartan RV Chassis are our major suppliers. Our relationship with our chassis suppliers is similar to our other supplier relationships in that no specific contractual commitments are engaged in by either party. This means that we do not have minimum purchase requirements, and our chassis suppliers do not have minimum supply requirements. Our chassis suppliers also supply to our competitors. Historically, chassis suppliers resort to an industry-wide allocation system during periods when supply is restricted. These allocations have been based on the volume of chassis previously purchased, which could mean our larger competitors could receive more chassis in a time of scarcity. Sales of motorhome RVs rely on chassis supply and are affected by shortages, instability, or recalls from time to time. For example, in the first quarter of Fiscal 2023, the Mercedes-Benz Sprinter chassis became subject to a recall notice, which temporarily suspended all retail sales and wholesale shipments of our products built on this chassis until a recall remedy was implemented. The remedy was implemented in the second quarter of Fiscal 2023 in cooperation with Mercedes-Benz AG. Within our marine businesses, we purchase a significant portion of our motors from Mercury Marine , which makes us reliant on them for the supply of these engines. If we experience delays and disruptions in obtaining these engines, we may be unable to fulfill orders and deliver our products to our customers in a timely manner. Furthermore, decisions by our suppliers to decrease production, production delays or work stoppages by the employees of such suppliers, or price increases could have a material adverse effect on our ability to produce our products and ultimately, on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. For example, on September 15, 2023, the United Auto Workers Union ("UAW") announced targeted strikes impacting certain auto manufacturers from which we purchase chassis. While we do not expect immediate disruption from the strike, the situation remains dynamic, and the exact magnitude and duration is difficult to predict at this time. However, if the labor disputes are prolonged, there could be an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our operations are primarily centered in northern Iowa and northern Indiana. Any disruption or delay at our primary manufacturing facilities could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 We currently manufacture most of our products in northern Iowa and northern Indiana. We also have relatively small manufacturing operations on the Gulf Coast of Florida. These facilities may be affected by natural or man-made disasters and other external events. In the event that one of our manufacturing facilities was affected by a disaster or other event, we could be forced to shift production to one of our other manufacturing facilities or to cease operations. Although we maintain insurance for damage to our property and disruption of our business from casualties, such insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our potential losses. Any disruption in our manufacturing capacity could have an adverse impact on our ability to produce sufficient inventory of our products or may require us to incur additional expenses in order to produce sufficient inventory, and therefore, may adversely affect our net sales and operating results. Any disruption or delay at our manufacturing facilities could impair our ability to meet the demands of our customers, and our customers may cancel orders or purchase products from our competitors, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 
 Unanticipated changes to our dealer inventory levels could negatively impact our operating results. 
 We sell many of our products through our independent dealer network and are subject to risks relating to their inventory management decisions and operational and sourcing practices. Our dealers carry inventories of our products as part of their ongoing operations and adjust those inventories based on their assessments of future needs. Such adjustments may impact our inventory management and working capital goals as well as operating results. If the inventory levels of our dealers are higher than they desire, they may postpone product purchases from us, which could cause our sales to be lower than the end-user retail demand for our products and negatively impact our inventory management and working capital goals as well as our operating results. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Increases in raw material, commodity, and transportation costs and shortages of certain raw materials could negatively impact our business. 
 We purchase raw materials such as steel, aluminum, and other commodities, and components, such as chassis, refrigerators, and televisions, for use in our products. In addition, we are a purchaser of components and parts containing various commodities, including steel, aluminum, copper, lead, rubber, lumber, and others that are integrated into our end products. Our profitability is affected by significant fluctuations in the prices of the raw materials and the components and parts we use in our products. Additionally, there continues to be uncertainty with respect to the implementation of current trade regulations, future trade regulations and existing international trade agreements, which could continue to increase our cost of goods sold, both directly and as a result of price increases implemented by domestic suppliers, which we may not be able to pass on to our customers. The impact from these tariffs could also result in decreased demand for our products. All of these conditions could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 In addition, increases in other costs of doing business may also adversely affect our profit margins and businesses. For example, an increase in fuel costs may result in an increase in our transportation costs, which also could adversely affect our operating results and businesses. Historically, we have mitigated cost increases, in part, by collaborating with suppliers, reviewing alternative sourcing options, substituting materials, engaging in internal cost reduction efforts, and increasing prices on some of our products, all as appropriate. However, we may not be able to fully offset such increased costs in the future. Further, if our price increases are not accepted by our customers and the market, our net sales, profit margins, earnings, and market share could be adversely affected. 
 
 Failure to effectively manage strategic acquisitions and alliances, joint ventures, or partnerships could have a negative impact on our business. 
 One of our growth strategies is to drive growth through targeted acquisitions and alliances, stronger customer relations, and new joint ventures and partnerships that contribute profitable growth while supplementing our existing brands and product portfolio. Our ability to grow through acquisitions depends, in part, on the availability of suitable candidates at acceptable prices, terms, and conditions, our ability to compete effectively for acquisition candidates, and the availability of capital and personnel to complete such acquisitions and run the acquired business effectively. Any acquisition, alliance, joint venture, or partnership could impair our business, financial condition, reputation, and operating results. The benefits of an acquisition, or new alliance, joint venture, or partnership may take more time than expected to develop or integrate into our operations, and we cannot guarantee that previous or future acquisitions, alliances, joint ventures, or partnerships will, in fact, produce any benefits. Such acquisitions, alliances, joint ventures, and partnerships may involve a number of risks, including: 
 
 Diversion of management s attention; 
 Disruption to our existing operations and plans; 
 Inability to effectively manage our expanded operations; 
 Difficulties or delays in integrating and assimilating information and financial systems, operations, and products of an acquired business or other business venture or in realizing projected efficiencies, growth prospects, cost savings, and synergies; 
 Inability to successfully integrate or develop a distribution channel for acquired product lines; 
 Potential loss of key employees, customers, distributors, or dealers of the acquired businesses or adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers, customers, distributors, and dealers; 
 Adverse impact on overall profitability, if our expanded operations do not achieve the financial results projected in our valuation model; 
 Inaccurate assessment of additional post-acquisition or business venture investments, undisclosed, contingent or other liabilities or problems, unanticipated costs associated with an acquisition or other business venture, and an inability to recover or manage such liabilities and costs; and 
 Incorrect estimates made in the accounting for acquisitions, occurrence of non-recurring charges, and write-off of significant amounts of goodwill or other assets that could adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 If we fail to identify, attract, and retain appropriately qualified employees, including employees in key positions, our operations and profitability may be harmed. Changes in market compensation rates may adversely affect our profitability. 
 Our ability to meet our strategic objectives and otherwise grow our business will depend to a significant extent on the continued contributions of our leadership team. Our future success will also depend in large part on our ability to identify, attract, and retain other highly qualified managerial, technical, sales and marketing, operations, and customer service personnel. Competition for these individuals in our manufacturing markets is intense, and supply is limited. Since we operate in a competitive labor market, there is a risk that market increases in compensation could have an adverse effect on our business. We may not succeed in identifying, attracting, or retaining qualified personnel on a cost-effective basis. The loss or interruption of services of any of our key personnel, inability to identify, attract, or retain qualified personnel in the future, delays in hiring qualified personnel, or any employee work slowdowns, strikes, or similar actions could make it difficult for us to conduct and manage our business and meet key objectives, which could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Significant product repair and/or replacement costs due to product warranty claims and product recalls could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 We receive warranty claims from our dealers in the ordinary course of our business. Although we maintain reserves for such claims, which to date have been adequate, there can be no assurance that warranty expense levels will remain at current levels or that such reserves will continue to be adequate. A significant increase in warranty claims exceeding our current warranty expense levels could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 
 In addition to the costs associated with the contractual warranty coverage provided on our products, we also occasionally incur costs as a result of additional service actions not covered by our warranties, including product recalls and customer satisfaction actions. Although we estimate and reserve for the cost of these service actions, there can be no assurance that expense levels will remain at current levels or such reserves will continue to be adequate. 
 
 Information Systems, Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 We may be subject to information technology system failures, inefficiencies associated with system implementations, network disruptions, and breaches in data security that could adversely affect our business. Failure to prevent or effectively respond to a breach or system failure could expose our customers', clients', or suppliers' confidential information and expose us to substantial costs and reputational damage as well as litigation and enforcement actions. 
 We rely on our information systems and web applications to support our business operations, including but not limited to procurement, supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, warranty administration, invoicing, and collection of payments. We use information systems to record and report our operational results. Additionally, we rely upon information systems in our sales, marketing, human resources, and communication efforts. Due to our reliance on our information systems, our business processes may be negatively impacted in the event of substantial disruption of service. In addition, continued integration and development of new systems have resulted, and may in the future result in operational inefficiencies that adversely impact our results of operations. Further, we have security systems in place with the intent of maintaining the physical security of our facilities and protecting our customers', clients', and suppliers' confidential information and information related to identifiable individuals against unauthorized access through our information systems or by other electronic transmission or through the misdirection, theft, or loss of physical media. Misuse, leakage, falsification, or breach of security of information could result in a violation of privacy laws and damage our reputation which could, in turn, have a negative impact on our results. Because the technologies used to obtain unauthorized access are constantly changing and becoming increasingly more sophisticated and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement sufficient preventative measures. If we fail to maintain or protect our information systems and web applications effectively, we could experience adverse consequences that could have a material effect on our business. Amongst other things, the impact could include interruptions or delays in our ability to access information, data loss, processing inefficiencies, lost revenues or other costs resulting from shutdowns, unfavorable publicity, governmental inquiry and oversight, difficulty in marketing our services, allegations by our customers and clients that we have not performed our contractual obligations, litigation by affected parties, and possible financial obligations for damages related to the theft or misuse of such information. 
 
 Our continued success is dependent on positive perceptions of our brands which, if impaired, could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. In addition, if the frequency and size of product liability and other claims against us increase, our reputation and business may be harmed. 
 We believe that one of the strengths of our business is our brands, which are widely known around the world. We vigorously defend our brands and our other intellectual property rights against third parties on a global basis. We have, from time to time, had to bring claims against third parties to protect or prevent unauthorized use of our brand. If we are unable to protect and defend our brands or other intellectual property, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 We are also subject, in the ordinary course of business, to litigation including a variety of warranty, "Lemon Law," and product liability claims typical in the RV and marine industries. Although we have an insurance policy covering product liability, we cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover all future claims against us, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Any increase in the frequency and size of these claims, as compared to our experience in prior years, may cause the premium that we are required to pay for insurance to rise significantly. Product liability claims may also cause us to pay punitive damages, not all of which are covered by our insurance. In addition, if product liability claims rise to a level of frequency or size that are significantly higher than similar claims made against our competitors, our reputation and business may be harmed. 
 
 We are subject to certain government regulations that could have a material adverse impact on our business, including changing climate-related regulations that may require us to incur additional costs in order to be in compliance. 
 We are subject to numerous federal, state, and local regulations and the following summarizes some, but not all, of the laws and regulations that apply to us. 
 
 Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards govern the design, manufacture and sale of our RV products, which standards are promulgated by the NHTSA. NHTSA requires manufacturers to recall and repair vehicles which are non-compliant with a Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standard or contain safety defects. In addition, the U.S. Coast Guard maintains certification standards for the 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 manufacture of our marine products, and the safety of recreational boats in the U.S. is subject to federal regulation under the Boat Safety Act of 1971, which requires boat manufacturers to recall products for replacement of parts or components that have demonstrated defects affecting safety. Any major recalls of our products, voluntary or involuntary, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. While we believe we are in compliance with the foregoing laws and regulations as they currently exist, amendments to any of these regulations or the implementation of new regulations could significantly increase the cost of testing, manufacturing, purchasing, operating, or selling our products and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. In addition, our failure to comply with present or future regulations could result in federal fines being imposed on us, potential civil and criminal liability, suspension of sales or production, or cessation of operations. 
 
 We are also subject to federal and numerous state consumer protection and unfair trade practice laws and regulations relating to the sale, transportation, and marketing of motor vehicles, including so-called "Lemon Laws." Federal and state laws and regulations also impose upon vehicle operators various restrictions on the weight, length, and width of motor vehicles, including motorhome RVs that may be operated in certain jurisdictions or on certain roadways. Certain jurisdictions also prohibit the sale of vehicles exceeding length restrictions. 
 
 Failure to comply with the New York Stock Exchange and SEC laws or regulations could also have an adverse impact on our business. Additionally, amendments to these regulations and the implementation of new regulations could increase the cost of our operations and therefore could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 
 We are subject to income and other tax laws and regulations in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. In addition, we could be impacted by adjustments proposed by taxing authorities in connection with examinations, depending on their timing, nature and scope. Increases in tax rates, changes in tax laws or unfavorable resolution of tax matters could have a material impact on our financial results. 
 
 Finally, federal and state authorities also have various environmental control standards relating to air, water, noise pollution, greenhouse gases ("GHG"), and hazardous waste generation and disposal that affect us and our operations. Failure by us to comply with present or future laws and regulations could result in fines being imposed on us, potential civil and criminal liability, suspension of production or operations, alterations to the manufacturing process, or costly cleanup or capital expenditures, any or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, foreign, federal, state, and local regulatory and legislative bodies have proposed various legislative and regulatory measures relating to climate change, regulating GHG emissions, and energy policies. If such legislation is enacted, we could incur increased energy, environmental, and other costs and capital expenditures to comply with the limitations. Climate change regulation combined with public sentiment could result in reduced demand for our products, higher fuel prices, or carbon taxes, all of which could materially adversely affect our business. Due to uncertainty in the regulatory and legislative processes, as well as the scope of such requirements and initiatives, we cannot currently determine the effect such legislation and regulation may have on our products and operations. 
 
 Our ESG commitments may impact our reputation, expose us to additional costs, or have other impacts which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 There has been an increased focus from regulators, investors, employees, consumers, and other stakeholders relating to ESG practices. We periodically communicate our ESG initiatives, which include prioritizing ethics and integrity, safety, people, diversity, equity and inclusion, community, waste, emissions, and product stewardship. Failure to meet our commitments, respond to regulatory requirements, or advance our initiatives could adversely impact our reputation, as well as the demand for our products. In addition, achieving these initiatives may result in increased costs, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 Financial Risks 
 An impairment in the carrying value of goodwill and trade names could negatively impact our consolidated results of operations. 
 Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, such as our trade names in certain instances, are recorded at fair value at the time of acquisition and are not amortized but are reviewed for impairment at least annually or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. Our determination of whether goodwill impairment has occurred is based on a comparison of each of our reporting units fair value with its carrying value. Significant and unanticipated changes in circumstances, such as significant and long-term adverse changes in business climate, unanticipated competition, and/or changes in technology or markets, could require a provision for impairment in a future period that could negatively impact our results of operations. 
 
 The terms of our notes and other debt instruments could adversely affect our operating flexibility and pose risks of default. 
 We incurred substantial indebtedness to finance the acquisitions of Grand Design and Newmar Corporation ("Newmar"). Our asset based revolving credit facility ("ABL Credit Facility") and Senior Secured Notes (as described in Note 9 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of Part II in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) are secured by substantially all of our assets, including cash, inventory, accounts receivable, and certain machinery and equipment. We also issued unsecured Convertible Notes (as described in Note 9 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of Part II in this 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Annual Report on Form 10-K) to finance the acquisition of Newmar. If a default of payment occurs, the lenders in our ABL Credit Facility or holders of our Senior Secured and Convertible Notes may elect to declare all of their respective outstanding debt, together with accrued interest and other amounts payable thereunder, to be immediately due and payable. Under such circumstances, we may not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy all of our obligations. In addition, the limitations imposed on our ability to incur additional debt and to take other corporate actions might significantly impair our ability to obtain other financing. 
 
 Borrowing availability under the ABL Credit Facility is limited to the lesser of the facility total and the calculated borrowing base, which is based on stipulated loan percentages applied to our eligible trade accounts receivable and eligible inventories. Should the borrowing base decline, our ability to borrow to fund future operations and business transactions could be limited. 
 
 In addition, the Senior Secured Notes contain certain occurrence-based covenants that could restrict our ability to undertake certain types of transactions. If we enter into a transaction that falls under the occurrence-based covenants, we will calculate the ratios and covenant buckets we have available to us to ensure we are in compliance. Likewise, the indenture related to the Convertible Notes issued to help finance the acquisition of Newmar includes certain limited covenants that could impact our ability to operate our business. 
 
 In addition, our indebtedness could: 
 Make us more vulnerable to general adverse economic, regulatory, and industry conditions; 
 Limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes and opportunities in the markets in which we compete; 
 Place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt or could require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to service our debt; and 
 Restrict us from making strategic acquisitions or exploiting other business opportunities. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties. 
 
 The principal facilities used in our operations are in the following locations: 
 Segment Location Status Primary Use Towable RV Elkhart, Indiana Leased Manufacturing (1) 
 Towable RV Middlebury, Indiana Owned Manufacturing (1) and office space 
 Towable RV Middlebury, Indiana Leased Manufacturing (1) and office space 
 Towable RV White Pigeon, Michigan Leased Manufacturing (1) 
 Motorhome RV Charles City, Iowa Owned Manufacturing (1) 
 Motorhome RV Forest City, Iowa Owned Manufacturing (1) and office space 
 Motorhome RV Lake Mills, Iowa Owned Manufacturing (1) 
 Motorhome RV Nappanee, Indiana Owned Manufacturing (1) and office space 
 Motorhome RV Nappanee, Indiana Leased Manufacturing (1) 
 Motorhome RV Waverly, Iowa Owned Manufacturing (1) 
 Marine Bristol, Indiana Leased Manufacturing (1) 
 Marine Bristol, Indiana Owned Manufacturing (1) and office space 
 Marine Sarasota, Florida Owned Manufacturing (1) and office space 
 Corporate / All Other Clearwater, Florida Leased Manufacturing (1) and office space 
 Corporate / All Other Eden Prairie, Minnesota Leased Office space Corporate / All Other Forest City, Iowa Owned Manufacturing (1) 
 Corporate / All Other Savage, Minnesota Leased Research and development, and office space 
 (1) Manufacturing includes production, warehouse, maintenance, and service center facilities. 
 
 Most of our buildings are of steel or steel and concrete construction and are protected from fire with high-pressure sprinkler systems, dust collector systems, automatic fire doors, and alarm systems. All facilities are in good operating condition, suitable for their respective uses and adequate for current needs. 
 
 Under our Senior Secured Notes and ABL Credit Facility, we have encumbered substantially all of our real property for the benefit of the lenders thereunder. For additional information, see Note 9 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8 of Part II in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Also see Note 10 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of Part II in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information regarding our leased facilities. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 For a description of our legal proceedings, see Note 12 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of Part II in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not Applicable. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol of WGO. As of October 12, 2023, there were 2,050 shareholders of record. 
 
 Dividends 
 On August 16, 2023, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.31 per share, totaling 9.2 million, to be paid on September 27, 2023 to common shareholders of record at the close of business on September 13, 2023. Dividends are generally declared each quarter, and the Board of Directors currently intends to continue to pay quarterly cash dividends; however, declaration of future dividends, if any, will be based on several factors including our financial performance, outlook, and liquidity. 
 
 Our outstanding notes, as further described in Note 9 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of Part II in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, contains restrictions that may limit our ability to pay dividends. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Our ABL Credit Facility contains restrictions that may limit our ability to make distributions or payments with respect to purchases of our common stock without consent from the lenders, except for limited purchases of our common stock from employees, in the event of a significant reduction in our EBITDA or in the event of a significant borrowing on our ABL Credit Facility. Our Senior Secured Notes also contain covenants that may limit our ability to make distributions or payments with respect to purchases of our common stock. See additional information on our ABL Credit Facility and our Senior Secured Notes in Note 9 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of Part II in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 On August 17, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program in the amount of 350.0 million with no time restriction on the authorization. This share repurchase program was effective immediately and replaced the prior program that was fully depleted in the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2022. 
 
 During Fiscal 2023, we repurchased approximately 795,000 shares of our common stock at a cost of 50.0 million, and approximately 90,000 shares of our common stock at a cost of 5.1 million to satisfy tax obligations on employee equity awards as they vested. We continually evaluate if share repurchases reflect a prudent use of our capital and, subject to compliance with our ABL Credit Facility and outstanding Senior Secured Notes, we may purchase shares in the future. As of August 26, 2023, we have 300.0 million remaining on our Board of Directors approved repurchase authorization. 
 
 Purchases of our common stock during each fiscal month of the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2023 are as follows: 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1,2) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1,2) 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (3) (in millions) 
 05/28/23 - 07/01/23 93,729 64.09 93,606 324.0 07/02/23 - 07/29/23 281,394 67.56 281,209 305.0 07/30/23 - 08/26/23 76,011 68.12 73,407 300.0 Total 451,134 66.93 448,222 300.0 
 (1) Number of shares in the above table are shown in whole numbers. 
 (2) Shares not purchased as part of a publicly announced program were repurchased from employees who vested in Company shares and elected to pay their payroll tax via the value of shares delivered as opposed to cash. 
 (3) Pursuant to a 350.0 million share repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors on August 17, 2022. There is no time restriction on this authorization. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares our five-year cumulative total shareholder return (including reinvestment of dividends) with the cumulative total return on the Standard Poor's 500 Index, the Russell 3000 Recreational Vehicles and Boats Subsector Index, and the peer group used in previously filings, consisting of THOR Industries, Inc., Polaris Inc., and Brunswick Corporation. The Russell 3000 Recreational Vehicles and Boats Subsector Index replaces the peer group in this analysis and going forward, as it is a widely utilized industry index that is representative of our current busin ess. It is assumed in the graph that 100 was invested in our common stock, in the Standard Poor's 500 Index and in the stocks of the peer group companies on August 25, 2018 and that all dividends received within a quarter were reinvested in that quarter. In accordance with the guidelines of the SEC, the shareholder return for each entity in the peer group index has been weighted on the basis of market capitalization as of each annual measurement date set forth in the graph. 

Base Period Company/Index August 25, 2018 August 31, 2019 August 29, 2020 August 28, 2021 August 27, 2022 August 26, 2023 Winnebago Industries, Inc. 100.00 86.98 160.25 202.11 171.27 181.21 S P 500 Index 100.00 103.93 126.99 165.71 151.34 167.15 Russell 3000 Recreational Vehicles and Boats Subsector Index 100.00 72.24 105.12 134.70 121.12 120.10 Peer Group 100.00 68.41 103.66 139.25 115.72 123.13 
 Source: Zacks Investment Research, Inc. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. [Reserved]. 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is intended to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect our future results. Unless otherwise noted, transactions and other factors significantly impacting our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity are discussed in order of magnitude. Our MD A is presented in five sections: 
 Overview 
 Results of Operations 
 Analysis of Financial Condition, Liquidity, and Capital Resources 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 Our MD A should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes included in Item 8 of Part II in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The year-over-year comparisons in this MD A are as of and for the fiscal years ended August 26, 2023 and August 27, 2022, unless stated otherwise. The discussion of Fiscal 2021 results and related year-over-year comparisons as of and for the fiscal years ended August 27, 2022 and August 28, 2021 are found in Item 7 of Part II of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 27, 2022. 

Overview 
 Winnebago Industries, Inc. is one of the leading North American manufacturers of recreation vehicles ("RVs") and marine products with a diversified portfolio used primarily in leisure travel and outdoor recreational activities. We also design and manufacture advanced battery solutions that deliver house power, supporting internal electrical features and appliances for a variety of outdoor products including RVs, boats, specialty and other low-speed vehicles, as well as other industrial applications. We produce our motorhome RV units in Iowa and Indiana; our towable RV units in Indiana; and our marine units in Indiana and Florida. We distribute our RV and marine products primarily through independent dealers across the U.S. and Canada, who then retail the products to the end consumer. We also distribute our marine products internationally through independent dealers, who then retail the products to the end consumer. Our battery solutions are primarily sold to customers in the U.S. 
 
 Change in Presentation 
 In the first quarter of Fiscal 2023, we changed our presentation in tables from thousands to millions, unless otherwise designated. As a result, certain rounding adjustments have been made to prior period disclosed amounts in order to conform to the current year presentation. In addition, certain prior period amounts may not recalculate due to rounding. These changes were not significant, and no other updates were made to previously reported financial information. 
 
 Known Trends and Uncertainties 
 Our business continues to be challenged by macroeconomic conditions impacting retail consumers, such as inflation and rising interest rates. These factors have contributed to lower consumer spending and reduced short-term demand for large discretionary products such as RVs and marine products. In the fourth quarter of 2023, these trends resulted in decreased sales due to declines in unit volume associated with the retail market conditions and a cautious dealer network. In response, we are working closely with dealer partners across all our segments to align field inventory levels to meet end consumer demand. We anticipate that as field inventory levels further normalize and consumer demand stabilizes, dealers will exhibit a growing willingness to replenish inventories in the second half of Fiscal 2024. We continue to produce and ship in accordance with dealer demand as evidenced and requested by dealer orders. 
 
 Despite the current economic uncertainty, we believe in the long-term health of consumer demand for RV and marine products. 
 
 Other Matters 
 On September 15, 2023, the UAW announced targeted strikes impacting certain auto manufacturers from which we purchase chassis. While we do not expect immediate disruption from the strike, the situation remains dynamic, and the exact magnitude and duration is difficult to predict at this time. Refer to Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 In the first quarter of Fiscal 2023, Mercedes-Benz AG issued a global recall related to an electronic parking brake defect affecting 2019 through 2022 Sprinter chassis. As a result, all retail sales and wholesale shipments of our products built on this chassis were temporarily suspended until a recall remedy was implemented. During the second quarter of Fiscal 2023, the recall remedy was implemented in cooperation with Mercedes-Benz AG. This recall impacted our Motorhome RV segment net sales and profitability in Fiscal 2023. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 This MD A includes financial information prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"), as well as certain adjusted or non-GAAP financial measures, such as EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA. EBITDA is defined as net income before interest expense, provision for income taxes, and depreciation and amortization expense. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income before interest expense, provision for income taxes, depreciation and amortization expense, and other pretax adjustments made in order to present comparable results from period to period. 
 
 These non-GAAP financial measures, which are not calculated or presented in accordance with GAAP, have been provided as information supplemental and in addition to the financial measures presented in accordance with GAAP. Such non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered superior to, as a substitute for, or as an alternative to, and should be considered in conjunction with, the GAAP financial measures presented herein. The non-GAAP financial measures presented may differ from similar measures used by other companies. 
 
 Included in "Results of Operations - Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022" is a reconciliation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA from net income, the most directly comparable GAAP measure. We have included these non-GAAP performance measures as a comparable measure to illustrate the effect of non-recurring transactions that occurred during the reported periods and to improve comparability of our results from period to period. We believe Adjusted EBITDA provides meaningful supplemental information about our operating performance as this measure excludes amounts from net income that we do not consider part of our core operating results when assessing our performance. Examples of items excluded from Adjusted EBITDA include acquisition-related costs, litigation reserves, restructuring expenses, gain or loss on property, plant, and equipment, contingent consideration fair value adjustment, and non-operating income or loss. 
 
 Management uses these non-GAAP financial measures (a) to evaluate our historical and prospective financial performance and trends as well as our performance relative to competitors and peers; (b) to measure operational profitability on a consistent basis; (c) in presentations to the members of our Board of Directors to enable our Board of Directors to have the same measurement basis of operating performance as used by management in its assessments of performance and in forecasting; (d) to evaluate potential acquisitions; and (e) to ensure compliance with covenants and restricted activities under the terms of our ABL Credit Facility and outstanding notes, as further described in Note 9 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of Part II in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties to evaluate companies in the industry. 

Results of Operations - Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 
 
 Consolidated Performance Summary 
 The following is an analysis of changes in key items included in the statements of operations for the fiscal year ended August 26, 2023 compared to the fiscal year ended August 27, 2022: (in millions, except per share data) 2023 of Revenues (1) 
 2022 of Revenues (1) 
 Change (1) 
 Change (1) 
 Net revenues 3,490.7 100.0 4,957.7 100.0 (1,467.1) (29.6) Cost of goods sold 2,904.6 83.2 4,028.4 81.3 (1,123.8) (27.9) Gross profit 586.1 16.8 929.3 18.7 (343.3) (36.9) Selling, general, and administrative expenses ("SG A") 267.7 7.7 316.4 6.4 (48.7) (15.4) Amortization 17.7 0.5 29.4 0.6 (11.7) (39.8) Total operating expenses 285.4 8.2 345.8 7.0 (60.5) (17.5) Operating income 300.7 8.6 583.5 11.8 (282.8) (48.5) Interest expense, net 20.5 0.6 41.3 0.8 (20.7) (50.1) Non-operating loss 1.0 27.5 0.6 (26.5) (96.5) Income before income taxes 279.2 8.0 514.7 10.4 (235.6) (45.8) Provision for income taxes 63.3 1.8 124.1 2.5 (60.8) (49.0) Net income 215.9 6.2 390.6 7.9 (174.8) (44.7) Diluted earnings per share 6.23 11.84 (5.61) (47.4) Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 35.4 33.0 2.5 7.5 
 (1) Amounts are calculated based on unrounded numbers and therefore may not recalculate using the rounded numbers provided. In addition, percentages may not add in total due to rounding. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Net revenues decreased primarily due to lower unit sales related to retail market conditions and higher discounts and allowances compared to prior year, partially offset by carryover price increases. 
 
 Gross profit as a percentage of revenue decreased primarily due to volume deleverage and higher discounts and allowances compared to prior year. 
 
 Operating expenses decreased primarily due to lower incentive and volume-based compensation related to performance, lower amortization related to Barletta intangible assets, lower legal settlement expenses, and other cost reduction efforts, partially offset by strategic investments. 
 
 Non-operating loss decreased due to a lower contingent consideration fair value adjustment related to the earnout from the acquisition of Barletta. 
 
 Our effective tax rate decreased primarily due to both an increase in tax credits year-over-year over decreased income in the current year and favorable return to provision adjustments. 
 
 Non-GAAP Reconciliation 
 The following table reconciles net income to consolidated EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA for Fiscal 2023 and 2022: 
 
 (in millions) 2023 2022 Net income 215.9 390.6 Interest expense, net 20.5 41.3 Provision for income taxes 63.3 124.1 Depreciation 29.2 24.2 Amortization 17.7 29.4 EBITDA 346.6 609.6 Acquisition-related costs 7.5 5.2 Litigation reserves (0.4) 6.6 Contingent consideration fair value adjustment 0.6 29.4 Non-operating loss (income) 0.4 (1.9) Adjusted EBITDA 354.7 648.9 

23 

Table of Contents 

 Reportable Segment Performance Summary 
 Towable RV 
 The following is an analysis of key changes in our Towable RV segment for Fiscal 2023 and 2022: (in millions, except ASP and units) 2023 of Revenues (1) 
 2022 of Revenues (1) 
 Change (1) 
 Change (1) 
 Net revenues 1,415.3 2,597.4 (1,182.1) (45.5) Adjusted EBITDA 172.1 12.2 383.6 14.8 (211.5) (55.1) Average Selling Price ("ASP") (2) 
 45,568 43,038 2,530 5.9 Unit deliveries 2023 Product Mix (3) 
 2022 Product Mix (3) 
 Unit Change Change Travel trailer 21,352 68.8 40,739 68.1 (19,387) (47.6) Fifth wheel 9,701 31.2 19,125 31.9 (9,424) (49.3) Total Towable RV 31,053 100.0 59,864 100.0 (28,811) (48.1) August 26, 2023 August 27, 2022 Change (1) 
 Change (1) 
 Backlog (4) 
 Units 5,111 14,588 (9,477) (65.0) Dollars 
 208.1 576.5 (368.4) (63.9) Dealer Inventory Units 16,744 22,797 (6,053) (26.6) 
 (1) Amounts are calculated based on unrounded numbers and therefore may not recalculate using the rounded numbers provided. 
 (2) ASP excludes off-invoice dealer incentives. 
 (3) Percentages may not add due to rounding differences. 
 (4) Our backlog includes all accepted orders from dealers which generally have been requested to be shipped within the next six months. Orders in backlog generally can be cancelled or postponed at the option of the dealer at any time without penalty; therefore, backlog may not necessarily be an accurate measure of future sales. 
 
 Net revenues decreased primarily due to a decline in unit volume associated with retail market conditions, a reduction in dealer inventories, and higher levels of discounts and allowances compared to prior year, partially offset by carryover price increases. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA margin decreased primarily due to volume deleverage and higher discounts and allowances compared to prior year, partially offset by successful cost reduction initiatives and favorable warranty experience. 
 
 Backlog decreased compared to the prior year due to continued softness in retail conditions and a cautious dealer network. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Motorhome RV 
 The following is an analysis of key changes in our Motorhome RV segment for Fiscal 2023 and 2022: (in millions, except ASP and units) 2023 of Revenues (1) 
 2022 of Revenues (1) 
 Change (1) 
 Change (1) 
 Net revenues 1,560.1 1,911.2 (351.1) (18.4) Adjusted EBITDA 142.0 9.1 238.0 12.5 (96.0) (40.3) ASP (2) 
 185,514 156,917 28,597 18.2 Unit deliveries 2023 Product Mix (3) 
 2022 Product Mix (3) 
 Unit Change Change Class A 2,142 25.5 2,640 21.9 (498) (18.9) Class B 3,845 45.8 6,748 56.0 (2,903) (43.0) Class C 2,407 28.7 2,670 22.1 (263) (9.9) Total Motorhome RV 8,394 100.0 12,058 100.0 (3,664) (30.4) August 26, 2023 August 27, 2022 Change (1) 
 Change (1) 
 Backlog (4) 
 Units 3,828 12,024 (8,196) (68.2) Dollars 
 688.6 1,687.6 (999.0) (59.2) Dealer Inventory Units 4,068 3,824 244 6.4 
 (1) Amounts are calculated based on unrounded numbers and therefore may not recalculate using the rounded numbers provided. 
 (2) ASP excludes off-invoice dealer incentives. 
 (3) Percentages may not add due to rounding differences. 
 (4) Our backlog includes all accepted orders from dealers which generally have been requested to be shipped within the next six months. Orders in backlog can be cancelled or postponed at the option of the dealer at any time without penalty; therefore, backlog may not necessarily be an accurate measure of future sales. 
 
 Net revenues decreased primarily due to a decline in unit volume related to retail market conditions and higher levels of discounts and allowances compared to prior year, partially offset by price increases related to higher chassis costs. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA margin decreased due to volume deleverage, higher discounts and allowances, and operational efficiency challenges. 
 
 Backlog decreased due to continued softness in retail conditions and a cautious dealer network. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Marine 
 The following is an analysis of key changes in our Marine segment for Fiscal 2023 and 2022: (in millions, except ASP and units) 2023 of Revenues (1) 
 2022 of Revenues (1) 
 Change (1) 
 Change (1) 
 Net revenues 469.7 425.3 44.4 10.5 Adjusted EBITDA 60.5 12.9 60.8 14.3 (0.3) (0.6) ASP (2) 
 83,060 75,023 8,037 10.7 Unit deliveries 2023 2022 Unit Change Change Boats 5,714 5,692 22 0.4 August 26, 2023 August 27, 2022 Change (1) 
 Change (1) 
 Backlog (3) 
 Units 2,545 3,595 (1,050) (29.2) Dollars 194.7 314.7 (120.0) (38.1) Dealer Inventory (4) 
 Units 3,376 2,077 1,299 62.5 
 (1) Amounts are calculated based on unrounded numbers and therefore may not recalculate using the rounded numbers provided. 
 (2) ASP excludes off-invoice dealer incentives. 
 (3) Our backlog includes all accepted orders from dealers which generally have been requested to be shipped within the next six months. Orders in backlog generally can be cancelled or postponed at the option of the dealer at any time without penalty; therefore, backlog may not necessarily be an accurate measure of future sales. 
 (4) Due to the nature of the Marine industry, this amount includes a higher proportion of retail sold units than our other segments. 
 
 Net revenues increased primarily due to price increases, partially offset by higher discounts and allowances. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA margin decreased due to higher discounts and allowances compared to prior year. 
 
 Backlog decreased primarily driven by cautious dealer sentiment related to rising inventory levels. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Analysis of Financial Condition, Liquidity, and Capital Resources 
 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows from total operations for Fiscal 2023 and 2022: (in millions) 2023 2022 Total cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 294.5 400.6 Investing activities (170.0) (315.7) Financing activities (96.8) (237.3) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 27.7 (152.4) 
 
 Operating Activities 
 During Fiscal 2023, cash provided by operating activities was 294.5 million compared to 400.6 million in Fiscal 2022. The decrease is primarily driven by lower profitability adjusted for non-cash items, partially offset by net favorable changes in operating assets and liabilities. The favorable impact of operating assets and liabilities is primarily due to changes in accounts receivable due to lower sales and timing of invoicing/collections, and changes in inventory due to elevated purchases in Fiscal 2022 to support customer demand, partially offset by a decrease in accounts payable due to lower purchasing requirements. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash used in investing activities decreased in Fiscal 2023 compared to Fiscal 2022 primarily due to our acquisition of Barletta during the first quarter of Fiscal 2022 compared to the acquisition of Lithionics during the third quarter of Fiscal 2023. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash used in financing activities decreased in Fiscal 2023 compared to Fiscal 2022 primarily due to a decrease in share repurchases in Fiscal 2023. 
 
 Debt and Capital 
 We maintain a 350.0 million asset-based revolving credit facility ("ABL Credit Facility") with a maturity date of July 15, 2027 subject to certain factors which may accelerate the maturity date. As of August 26, 2023, we had 309.9 million in cash and cash equivalents and no borrowings against the ABL Credit Facility. Our cash and cash equivalent balances consist of high quality, short-term money market instruments. 
 
 On July 8, 2020, we closed our private offering (the Senior Secured Notes Offering of 300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.25 Senior Secured Notes due 2028 (the Senior Secured Notes ). 
 
 On November 1, 2019, we issued 300.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 1.5 unsecured Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 Convertible Notes ), which were used to partially fund the Newmar acquisition. 
 
 We continue to evaluate the financial stability of the counterparties and counterparty risk for the Convertible Notes, the Senior Secured Notes, and the ABL Credit Facility. 
 
 Refer to Note 9 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of Part II in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 Other Financial Measures 
 Working capital as of August 26, 2023 and August 27, 2022 was 600.7 million and 571.7 million, respectively. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 We anticipate capital expenditures in Fiscal 2024 of approximately 60.0 million to 80.0 million. We will continue to support organic growth through facility improvements to benefit a safer operating environment, operational improvements, and investments in software and our digital capabilities. We believe cash on hand, funds generated from operations, and the borrowing capacity available under our ABL Credit Facility and other debt instruments will be sufficient to support our capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. 
 Share Repurchases and Dividends 
 We repurchase our common stock and pay dividends pursuant to programs approved by our Board of Directors. Our long-term capital allocation strategy is to first fund operations and investments in growth, maintain reasonable liquidity, maintain a leverage ratio that reflects a prudent capital structure in light of the cyclical industries we compete in, and then return excess cash over time 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Refer to Item 5 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for discussion about our share repurchase program and dividend declared on August 16, 2023. 
 
 Cash Requirements 
 Our cash requirements within the next twelve months include accounts payable, accrued expenses, purchase commitments and other current liabilities. 
 
 Our cash requirements greater than twelve months from various contractual obligations and commitments include: 
 
 Debt Obligations and Interest Payments 
 Refer to Note 9 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of Part II in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding our debt and the timing of expected future principal and interest payments. Interest payments are based on fixed interest rates for the Senior Secured Notes and Convertible Notes. 
 
 Operating and Finance Leases 
 Refer to Note 10 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of Part II in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding our lease obligations and the timing of expected future payments. 
 
 Deferred Compensation Obligations 
 Refer to Note 11 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of Part II in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding our deferred compensation plans. We expect to pay 1.8 million in the next 12 months and 7.9 million beyond 12 months. 
 
 Contracted Services 
 Contracted services include agreements with third-party service providers primarily for software, payroll services, and equipment maintenance services for periods up to Fiscal 2026. We expect to pay approximately 16.8 million in the next 12 months and approximately 26.2 million beyond 12 months. 
 
 Contingent Repurchase Obligations 
 Refer to Note 12 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of Part II in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding our contingent repurchase commitment and estimated obligation, most of which we expect to expire within one year. 
 
 We expect to satisfy our short-term and long-term obligations through a combination of cash on hand, funds generated from operations, and the borrowing capacity available under our ABL Credit Facility and other debt instruments. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. In connection with the preparation of our financial statements, we are required to make assumptions and estimates about future events and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses, and the related disclosures. We base our assumptions, estimates, and judgments on historical experience, current trends, and other factors believed to be relevant at the time the consolidated financial statements are prepared. Because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material. 
 
 Our critical accounting policies are discussed in Note 1 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of Part II in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe that the following accounting policies and estimates are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. These estimates require our most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments because they relate to matters that are inherently uncertain. We have reviewed these critical accounting policies and estimates and related disclosures with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. 
 
 We have not made any material changes during the past three fiscal years, nor do we believe there is a reasonable likelihood of a material future change to the accounting methodologies for the areas described below. 
 
 Accounting for Business Combinations 
 We account for business combinations under the acquisition method of accounting. This method requires the recording of acquired assets, including separately identifiable intangible assets, and assumed liabilities at their acquisition date fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. Determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management s judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including assumptions with respect to future cash flows, discount rates, royalty rates and asset lives, among other items. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

We used the income approach to value certain intangible assets. Under the income approach, an intangible asset s fair value is equal to the present value of future economic benefits to be derived from ownership of the asset. We used the income approach known as the relief from royalty method to value the fair value of the trade names. The relief from royalty method is based on the hypothetical royalty stream that would be received if we were to license the trade name and was based on expected revenues. The fair value of the dealer network was estimated using an income approach known as the cost to recreate/cost savings method. This method uses the replacement of the asset as an indicator of the fair value of the asset. The determination of the fair value of other assets acquired and liabilities assumed involves assessing factors such as the expected future cash flows associated with individual assets and liabilities and appropriate discount rates at the date of the acquisition. 
 
 Goodwill and Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets 
 We test goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets (trade names in certain instances) for impairment at least annually in the fourth quarter and more frequently if events or circumstances occur that would indicate a reduction in fair value. Our test of impairment begins by either performing a qualitative evaluation or a quantitative test: 
 
 Qualitative evaluation - Performed to determine whether it is more likely than not that the carrying value of goodwill or the indefinite-lived trade name exceeds the fair value of the asset. During our qualitative assessment, we make significant estimates, assumptions, and judgments, including, but not limited to, the macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, overall financial performance of the Company and the reporting units, changes in our share price, and relevant company-specific events. If we determine that it is more likely than not that the carrying value of the goodwill or indefinite-lived trade name exceeds the fair value, we perform the quantitative test to determine the amount of the impairment. 
 
 Quantitative test - Used to calculate the fair value of goodwill or the indefinite-lived trade name. If the carrying value of the reporting unit or indefinite-lived trade name exceeds the fair value, the impairment is calculated as the difference between the carrying value and fair value. Our goodwill fair value model uses a blend of the income (discounted future cash flow) and market (guideline public company) approaches, which includes the use of significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 inputs). Our indefinite-lived trade name fair value model uses the income (relief-from-royalty) approach, which includes the use of significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 inputs). During these valuations, we make significant estimates, assumptions, and judgments, including current and projected future levels of income based on management s plans, business trends, market and economic conditions, and market-participant considerations. 
 
 Actual results may differ from assumed and estimated amounts. No impairments were recorded in Fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021. For further information regarding goodwill and intangible assets, see Note 7 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of Part II in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Warranty 
 We provide certain service and warranty on our products. Estimated costs related to product warranty are accrued at the time of sale and are based upon past warranty claims and unit sales history. Estimates are adjusted as needed to reflect actual costs incurred as information becomes available. 
 
 In addition to the costs associated with the contractual warranty coverage provided on our products, we also occasionally incur costs as a result of additional service actions not covered by our warranties, including product recalls and customer satisfaction actions. Although we estimate and reserve for the cost of these service actions, there can be no assurance that expense levels will remain at current levels or such reserves will continue to be adequate. 
 
 A significant increase in dealership labor rates, the cost of parts, or the frequency of claims could have a material adverse impact on our operating results for the period or periods in which such claims or additional costs materialize. A hypothetical change of a 10 increase or decrease in our warranty liability as of August 26, 2023 would not have a material effect on our net income. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 
 For a summary of new applicable accounting pronouncements, see Note 1 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of Part II in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 The assets we maintain to fund deferred compensation have market risk, but we maintain a corresponding liability for these assets. The market risk is therefore borne by the participants in the deferred compensation program. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The ABL Credit Facility is our only floating rate debt instrument, which remains undrawn as of August 26, 2023. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 We, the management of Winnebago Industries, Inc. (the "Company") are responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for the assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. The Company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 The Company's internal control over financial reporting is supported by written policies and procedures that: 
 1. pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company's assets; 
 2. provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company's management and directors; and 
 3. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 In addition, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, consisting solely of independent directors, meets periodically with management of the Company, the internal auditors, and the independent registered public accounting firm to review internal accounting controls, audit results, and accounting principles and practices and annually selects the independent registered public accounting firm. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 In connection with the preparation of the Company's annual financial statements, management of the Company has undertaken an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). Management's assessment included an evaluation of the design of the Company's internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Based on its assessment, management has concluded that the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of August 26, 2023. 
 Deloitte Touche LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the Company's financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued a report included herein, which expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 /s/ Michael J. Happe /s/ Bryan L. Hughes Michael J. Happe Bryan L. Hughes President, Chief Executive Officer Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer October 18, 2023 October 18, 2023 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Winnebago Industries, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Winnebago Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of August 26, 2023, and August 27, 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, changes in shareholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended August 26, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of August 26, 2023, and August 27, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 26, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of August 26, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated October 18, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Product Warranties Grand Design Refer to Note 8 to the financial statements. 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company provides certain service and warranty on its products. Estimated costs related to product warranty are accrued at month-end based upon historical warranty claims and unit sales history. Estimates are adjusted as needed to reflect actual costs incurred as information becomes available. Grand Design RV, LLC Grand Design was founded in 2013 and acquired by the Company in November 2016 and makes up the majority of the Company s 98 million product warranty accrual as of August 26, 2023. 
 
 We identified the product warranty accrual for Grand Design as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgments made by management to estimate costs related to product warranties at the time of sale. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates of future warranty claims based on historical claims paid, specifically due to Grand Design s significant growth since inception, introduction of new product lines, and relatively short history of warranty claims paid from which to develop product warranty estimates. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the product warranty for the Grand Design component included the following, among others: 
 We evaluated the operating effectiveness of controls over management s estimation of the product warranty accrual, including those over historical product warranty claim data and projected future product warranty claims. 
 We evaluated the accuracy and relevance of the historical product warranty claims as an input to management s product warranty accrual calculation. 
 We evaluated the completeness of the warranty accrual estimate through inquiries of operational and executive management regarding knowledge of known product warranty claims or product issues and evaluated whether they were appropriately considered in the determination of the product warranty accrual. 
 We evaluated management s ability to accurately estimate the warranty accrual by comparing the product warranty accrual in prior years to the actual product warranty claims paid in subsequent years. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 We assessed management s methodology and tested the valuation of the product warranty accrual by developing an expectation for the accrual based on changes in units in warranty and warranty claims paid and compared our expectation to the amount recorded by management. 
 
 /s/ 

October 18, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since fiscal 1986. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Winnebago Industries, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Winnebago Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of August 26, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of August 26, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended August 26, 2023, of the Company and our report dated October 18, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 Minneapolis, Minnesota 
 October 18, 2023 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Winnebago Industries, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (in millions, except per share data) For the fiscal year ended August 26, 2023 August 27, 2022 August 28, 2021 Net revenues Cost of goods sold Gross profit Selling, general, and administrative expenses Amortization Total operating expenses Operating income Interest expense, net Non-operating loss (income) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Earnings per common share: Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Winnebago Industries, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in millions, except per share data) August 26, 2023 August 27, 2022 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, less allowance for doubtful accounts and , respectively) 
 Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Investment in life insurance Operating lease assets Other long-term assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Income taxes payable Accrued expenses: Accrued compensation Product warranties Self-insurance Promotional Accrued interest and dividends Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities Long-term debt, net Deferred income tax liabilities, net Unrecognized tax benefits Long-term operating lease liabilities Deferred compensation benefits, net of current portion Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Contingent liabilities and commitments (Note 12) Shareholders' equity Preferred stock, par value : shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value : shares authorized; shares issued 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost: and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 
 The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Winnebago Industries, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in millions) For the fiscal year ended August 26, 2023 August 27, 2022 August 28, 2021 Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation Amortization Non-cash interest expense, net Amortization of debt issuance costs Last in, first-out ("LIFO") expense Stock-based compensation Deferred income taxes ) ) Deferred compensation expense Contingent consideration fair value adjustment Payments of earnout liability above acquisition-date fair value ) Other, net ) Change in operating assets and liabilities, net of assets and liabilities acquired Receivables, net ) Inventories, net ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Accounts payable ) Income taxes and unrecognized tax benefits ) ) ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Purchases of property, plant, and equipment ) ) ) Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired ) ) Proceeds from the sale of property, plant, and equipment Other, net ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities Borrowings on long-term debt Repayments on long-term debt ) ) ) Payments of cash dividends ) ) ) Payments for repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Payments of earnout liability up to acquisition-date fair value ) Payments of debt issuance costs ) ) Other, net Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Supplemental Disclosures Income taxes paid, net Interest paid Non-cash investing and financing activities Issuance of common stock for acquisition of business Issuance of common stock for settlement of earnout liability Capital expenditures in accounts payable Dividends declared not yet paid Increase in lease assets in exchange for lease liabilities: Operating leases Financing leases 
 
 The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Winnebago Industries, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity 
 (in millions, except per share data) 
 Common Shares 
 Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Treasury Stock 
 Total Shareholders' Equity Number Amount Number Amount Balances at August 29, 2020 
 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of stock for employee benefit and stock-based awards, net ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Common stock dividends declared; per share 
 ) ) Net income Balances at August 28, 2021 
 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of stock for employee benefit and stock-based awards, net ) Issuance of stock for acquisition Issuance of stock for settlement of earnout liability Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Common stock dividends declared; per share 
 ) ) Other Net income Balances at August 27, 2022 
 ) ) ) Adoption of Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2020-06 ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of stock for employee benefit and stock-based awards, net ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Common stock dividends declared; per share 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income Net income Balances at August 26, 2023 
 ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Winnebago Industries, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (All amounts are in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise designated) 

Note 1. 

Use of Estimates 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Receivables 
 
 Inventories 

39 

Table of Contents 

- years 
 Machinery and equipment - years 
 Software - years 
 Transportation equipment - years 

Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets 
 impairment was identified for the years ended August 26, 2023, August 27, 2022, or August 28, 2021. 
 
 Trade names 

During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2023, we completed the annual impairment analysis for indefinite-lived intangible assets. We elected to rely on a qualitative assessment for the Grand Design, Chris-Craft, and Barletta trade names, and performed a quantitative analysis for the Newmar trade name. impairment was identified for the years ended August 26, 2023, August 27, 2022, or August 28, 2021. 
 
 Long-Lived Assets 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

impairment loss of any long-lived asset was identified for the years ended August 26, 2023, August 27, 2022, or August 28, 2021. 
 
 Self-Insurance 
 million insurance policy that includes a self-insured retention for product liability of million per occurrence and million in aggregate per policy year. Our self-insured health insurance policy includes an individual retention of million per occurrence. We maintain excess liability insurance with outside insurance carriers to minimize the risks related to catastrophic claims in excess of self-insured positions for product liability, health insurance, and personal injury matters. Any material change in the aforementioned factors could have an adverse impact on operating results. Balances are included within self-insurance (accrued expenses) on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Income Taxes 

Legal 

Revenue Recognition 
 
 Refer to Note 13 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of Part II in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 million, million, and million in Fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Change in Presentation 
 In the first quarter of Fiscal 2023, we changed our presentation in tables from thousands to millions, unless otherwise designated. As a result, certain rounding adjustments have been made to prior period disclosed amounts in order to conform to the current year presentation. In addition, certain prior period amounts may not recalculate due to rounding. These changes were not significant, and no other updates were made to previously reported financial information. 
 
 Comprehensive Income 
 The difference between comprehensive income and net income was not material for the years ended August 26, 2023, August 27, 2022, and August 28, 2021. 
 
 Subsequent Events 

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 We adopted the new guidance in the first quarter of Fiscal 2023 using the modified retrospective approach, resulting in a decrease to additional paid-in capital of million, an increase to long-term debt of million, a decrease in the deferred income tax liability of million, and an increase to beginning retained earnings of million. In addition, the adoption of the amended guidance reduced our non-cash interest expense in Fiscal 2023 by million (pre-tax). We will prospectively utilize the if-converted method to calculate the impact of our convertible instruments on diluted EPS. Under the if-converted method, the amount of shares underlying our convertible instruments are assumed to have been outstanding at the beginning of the reporting period, and any interest expense related to these instruments is excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS. Refer to Note 16 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on the change from the treasury stock method to the if-converted method. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

Note 2. 
 
 of the equity interests of Lithionics Battery, LLC and Lithionics LLC (collectively, "Lithionics"), a premier lithium-ion battery solutions provider to the recreational equipment and specialty vehicle markets. Refer to Note 7 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information relating to the goodwill and other intangible assets acquired. Pro forma results of operations for this acquisition have not been presented as the impact on our consolidated financial statements was not material. 
 
 Total transaction costs related to the Lithionics acquisition of million were expensed during the third quarter of Fiscal 2023. Transaction costs are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Barletta Boat Company, LLC 
 On August 31, 2021, we purchased of the equity interests of Barletta Boat Company, LLC and Three Limes, LLC (collectively, "Barletta"), a manufacturer of high-quality, premium pontoon boats that are sold through a network of independent authorized dealers. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 million, including cash payments of million, million in common stock issued to the sellers (subject to a discount noted below), and contingent consideration from earnout provisions. The common stock fair value included in the purchase price reflects a discount, due to the lack of marketability as these are unregistered shares that have a lockup restriction, which reduced the value of the common stock to million. The contingent consideration includes both a potential stock payout as well as a potential cash payment based on achievement of certain financial performance metrics over the next few years. The maximum payout under the earnout is million in cash and million in stock if all metrics are achieved. The fair value of the earnout as of August 31, 2021 was million. As of August 26, 2023 and August 27, 2022, the fair value of the earnout was million and million, respectively. The portion of the earnout liability that will be settled within a year was included in other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and the remaining earnout liability was included in other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of August 26, 2023, the entire million was included in other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Comparatively, as of August 27, 2022, million was included in other current liabilities and million was included in other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In the third quarter of Fiscal 2023, we paid million to settle earnout obligations associated with the 2022 cash consideration earnout period. In the third quarter of Fiscal 2022, we issued million shares of common stock in connection with the settlement of the 2021 earnout period obligation. 
 
 The total purchase price was allocated to the acquired net tangible and intangible assets of Barletta, based on their preliminary fair values at the date of the acquisition. We finalized the allocation of the purchase price in the third quarter of Fiscal 2022. 
 
 Other current assets Property, plant, and equipment Goodwill Other intangible assets Total assets acquired Accounts payable Product warranties Other current liabilities Total liabilities assumed Total purchase price 
 
 Goodwill from the Barletta acquisition is recognized in our Marine segment. The other intangible assets acquired include a trade name, dealer network, and backlog. The trade name has an indefinite life, while the dealer network is being amortized on a straight line basis over years. The backlog, which was being amortized over months, was fully amortized as of August 27, 2022. 
 
 Total transaction costs related to the Barletta acquisition were million, of which million were expensed during the first quarter of Fiscal 2022 and million were expensed during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2021. Transaction costs are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Pro forma results of operations for this acquisition have not been presented as they were immaterial to the reported results. 

Note 3. 
 
 operating segments: 1) Grand Design towables, 2) Winnebago towables, 3) Winnebago motorhomes, 4) Newmar motorhomes, 5) Chris-Craft marine, 6) Barletta marine, 7) Winnebago specialty vehicles, and 8) Lithionics. Financial performance is evaluated based on each operating segment's Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization ("EBITDA"), as defined below, which excludes certain corporate administration expenses and non-operating income and expense. 
 
 Our reportable segments are: Towable RV (an aggregation of the Grand Design towables and the Winnebago towables operating segments), Motorhome RV (an aggregation of the Winnebago motorhomes and Newmar motorhomes operating segments), and Marine (an aggregation of the Chris-Craft marine and Barletta marine operating segments). Towable RV is comprised of non-motorized RV products that are generally towed by another vehicle, along with other related manufactured products and services. Motorhome RV is comprised of products that include a motorhome chassis, along with other related manufactured products and services. Marine is comprised of products that include boats, along with other related manufactured products and services. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Motorhome RV Marine Corporate / All Other Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Towable RV Motorhome RV Marine Corporate / All Other ) ) ) Consolidated Capital Expenditures Towable RV Motorhome RV Marine Corporate / All Other Consolidated 
 
 (in millions) August 26, 2023 August 27, 2022 Total Assets Towable RV Motorhome RV Marine Corporate / All Other Consolidated 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Interest expense, net Provision for income taxes Depreciation Amortization EBITDA Acquisition-related costs Litigation reserves ) Restructuring expenses Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment ) Contingent consideration fair value adjustment Non-operating loss (income) ) ) Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 International Net revenues 

Note 4. 

45 

Table of Contents 

 International equity funds Total assets at fair value Contingent consideration Earnout liability Total liabilities at fair value 
 Fair Value at Fair Value Hierarchy (in millions) August 27, 2022 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets that fund deferred compensation: Domestic equity funds International equity funds Fixed income funds Total assets at fair value Contingent consideration Earnout liability Total liabilities at fair value 

Contingent Consideration 
 Contingent consideration represents the earnout liability related to the Barletta acquisition and is valued using a probability-weighted scenario analysis of projected gross profit results and discounted at a risk-free rate. The contingent consideration is classified as Level 3. Actual gross profit results may differ significantly from those used in the estimate above, which may affect future payments. Changes in future payments will be reflected in future operating results as they occur. 
 
 Additions Fair value adjustments Settlements ) ) Other ) Ending fair value - contingent consideration 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

impairments were recorded for non-financial assets in Fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021. 

See Note 9 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information about the fair value of our long-term debt. 

Note 5. 
 
 Work-in-process ("WIP") Raw materials Total Less: Excess of FIFO over LIFO cost Inventories, net 
 
 Inventory valuation methods consist of the following: (in millions) August 26, 2023 August 27, 2022 LIFO basis FIFO basis Total 

47 

Table of Contents 

Note 6. 
 
 Buildings and building improvements Machinery and equipment Software Transportation Construction in progress Property, plant, and equipment, gross Less: Accumulated depreciation Property, plant, and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation expense was million, million, and million for Fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively . 

Note 7. 
 
 Acquisition of Barletta (1) 
 Balances at August 27, 2022 Acquisition of Lithionics (2) 
 Balances at August 26, 2023 
 (1) The change in marine activity is related to the acquisition of Barletta that occurred on August 31, 2021. See Note 2 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The valuation used to test goodwill for impairment is dependent upon a number of significant estimates and assumptions, including macroeconomic conditions, growth rates, competitive activities, cost containment, margin expansion and our business plans. We believe these estimates and assumptions are reasonable. However, future changes in the judgments, assumptions and estimates that are used in our goodwill impairment analysis, including discount and tax rates or future cash flow projections, could result in significantly different estimates of the fair values. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Finite-lived trade name Dealer networks/customer relationships Backlog Developed technology Non-compete agreements Other intangible assets August 27, 2022 (in millions) Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Value Indefinite-lived trade names Dealer networks/customer relationships Backlog Non-compete agreements Other intangible assets 
 
 The weig hted average remaining amortization period for finite-lived intangible assets as of August 26, 2023 was approximatel y . 
 
 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Thereafter Total amortization expense remaining 

Note 8. 

49 

Table of Contents 

 Business acquisitions (1) 
 Provision Claims paid ) ) ) Balance at end of year 
 (1) Refer to Note 2 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on the acquisition of Lithionics on April 28, 2023 and the acquisition of Barletta on August 31, 2021. 

Note 9. 
 
 million to million, and extend the maturity date from October 22, 2024 to July 15, 2027 (subject to certain factors which may accelerate the maturity date). The million credit facility is on a revolving basis, subject to availability under a borrowing base consisting of eligible accounts receivable and eligible inventory. The ABL Credit Facility is available for issuance of letters of credit to a specified limit of million. We pay a commitment fee of based on the average daily amount of the facility available, but unused during the most recent quarter. We can elect to base the interest rate on various rates plus specific spreads depending on the borrowing amount outstanding. If drawn, interest on the ABL Credit Facility borrowings is at a floating rate based upon our election, either term SOFR or REVSOFR30 (as defined in the credit agreement), plus, in each case, a credit spread adjustment of , as well as an applicable spread between and , depending on the usage of the facility during the most recent quarter. Based on current usage, we would pay an applicable spread of . In connection with the amendment, we capitalized million of issuance costs that are being amortized over the term of the agreement. 
 
 On July 8, 2020, we closed our private offering (the Senior Secured Notes Offering of million aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes due 2028 (the Senior Secured Notes ). The Senior Secured Notes were issued in accordance with an Indenture dated as of July 8, 2020 (the Indenture ). The Senior Secured Notes will mature on July 15, 2028 unless earlier redeemed or repurchased. Interest on the Senior Secured Notes accrues starting July 8, 2020 and is payable semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, which began on January 15, 2021. The Senior Secured Notes and the related guarantees are secured by (i) a first-priority lien on substantially all of our existing and future assets (other than certain collateral under the ABL Credit Facility) and (ii) a second-priority lien on our present and future receivables, inventory and other related assets and proceeds that secure the ABL Credit Facility on a first-priority basis. 
 
 The Indenture limits certain of our abilities (subject to certain exceptions and qualifications) to incur additional debt and provide additional guarantees; make restricted payments; create or permit certain liens; make certain asset sales; use the proceeds from the sale of assets and subsidiary stock; create or permit restrictions on the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other inter-company distributions; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; designate subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries; and consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of our assets and the assets of our restricted subsidiaries. 
 
 Debt issuance costs incurred and capitalized are amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the associated debt agreement. If early principal payments are made on the Senior Secured Notes, a proportional amount of the unamortized debt issuance costs is expensed. As part of the Senior Secured Notes Offering, we capitalized million in debt issuance costs that are being amortized over the term of the agreement. 
 
 Convertible Notes 
 On November 1, 2019, we issued million in aggregate principal amount of unsecured Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 Convertible Notes ). The net proceeds from the issuance of the Convertible Notes, after deducting the initial purchasers' transaction fees and offering expense payable by us, were approximately million. The Convertible Notes bear interest at the annual rate of , payable on April 1 and October 1 of each year, beginning on April 1, 2020, and will mature on April 1, 2025, unless earlier converted or repurchased by us. 
 
 The Convertible Notes will be convertible into cash, shares of our common stock or a combination thereof, at our election, at an initial conversion rate of 15.6906 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of Convertible Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share, as adjusted pursuant to the terms of the indenture governing the Convertible Notes. The Convertible Notes may be converted at any time on or after October 1, 2024, until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date. 
 
 The conversion rate of the Convertible Notes may be adjusted in certain circumstances, including in connection with a conversion of the Convertible Notes made following certain fundamental changes and under other circumstances set forth in the indenture. As of August 26, 2023, the conversion rate was 15.9395 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of Convertible Notes, which is equivalent to a conversion price of approximately . The difference between the initial conversion rate and the 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 of the applicable conversion price on each applicable trading day for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter; 
 2. during the consecutive business day period after any consecutive trading day period (the "measurement period") in which the trading price per 1 thousand principal amount of Convertible Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of the common stock and the conversion rate for the Convertible Notes on each such trading day; or 
 3. upon the occurrence of certain specified corporate events set forth in the Convertible Notes Indenture. 
 
 We may not redeem the Convertible Notes at our option prior to the maturity date, and no sinking fund is provided for the Convertible Notes. 
 
 On October 29, 2019 and October 30, 2019, in connection with the offering of the Convertible Notes, we entered into privately negotiated Convertible Note hedge transactions (collectively, the Hedge Transactions that cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, the number of shares of our common stock that initially underlie the Convertible Notes, and are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount due, as the case may be, upon conversion of the Convertible Notes in the event that the market price of our common stock is greater than the strike price of the Hedge Transactions, which was initially per share (subject to adjustment under the terms of the Hedge Transactions), corresponding to the initial conversion price of the Convertible Notes. 
 
 On October 29, 2019 and October 30, 2019, we also entered into privately negotiated warrant transactions (collectively, the Warrant Transactions and, together with the Hedge Transactions, the Call Spread Transactions ), whereby we sold warrants at a higher strike price relating to the same number of shares of our common stock that initially underlie the Convertible Notes, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. The initial strike price of the warrants is per share (subject to adjustment under the terms of the Warrant Transactions), which is above the last reported sale price of our common stock on October 29, 2019. The Warrant Transactions could have a dilutive effect to our shareholders to the extent that the market price per share of our common stock, as measured under the terms of the Warrant Transactions, exceeds the applicable strike price of the warrants. 
 
 We used million of the net proceeds from the issuance of the Convertible Notes to pay the cost of the Call Spread Transactions. 
 
 The Hedge Transactions and the Warrant Transactions are separate transactions, in each case, and are not part of the terms of the Convertible Notes and will not affect any holder s rights under the Convertible Notes. Holders of the Convertible Notes will not have any rights with respect to the Call Spread Transactions. 
 
 Accounting Treatment of the Convertible Notes and Related Hedge Transactions and Warrant Transactions 
 In the first quarter of Fiscal 2023, we adopted ASU 2020-06 using the modified retrospective approach. The new guidance simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments by removing certain separation models. As a result, more convertible debt instruments will be accounted for as a single liability measured at amortized cost. 
 
 Prior to our adoption of ASU 2020-06, we bifurcated the proceeds from the offering of the Convertible Notes between liability and equity components. On the date of issuance, the liability and equity components were calculated to be approximately million and million, respectively. The initial million liability component was determined based on the fair value of similar debt instruments excluding the conversion feature assuming a hypothetical interest rate of . The initial million million net of tax) equity component represented the difference between the fair value of the initial million in debt and the million of gross proceeds. The initial debt discount of million was being amortized over the life of the Convertible Notes as non-cash interest expense using the effective interest method. We recognized million and million of non-cash interest expense during Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, respectively. In addition, offering-related costs of million were allocated to the liability and equity components in proportion to the allocation of proceeds. 
 
 In connection with our adoption of ASU 2020-06, we derecognized the remaining unamortized interest discount on the Convertible Notes and therefore recorded no non-cash interest expense related to the amortization of the debt discount in Fiscal 2023. As a result, the Convertible Notes are now accounted for as a single liability measured at amortized cost. Interest expense, representing 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 over the term of the Convertible Notes. We recorded interest expense of million, million, and million for Fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Refer to Note 16 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information related to the earnings per share impact associated with the Convertible Notes and our adoption of ASU-2020-06. 
 
 The net cost incurred in connection with the Call Spread Transactions was million. These transactions are classified as equity and are not remeasured each reporting period. 
 
 Senior Secured Notes Convertible Notes Long-term debt, gross Convertible Notes unamortized interest discount ) Debt issuance cost, net ) ) Long-term debt, net 
 
 Fair Value and Future Maturities 
 
 As of August 26, 2023 and August 27, 2022, the fair value of long-term debt, gross, was million and million, respectively. The fair value of the Convertible Notes was million as of August 26, 2023. We are in compliance with all of our financial debt covenants as of August 26, 2023. 
 
 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Thereafter Total Long-term debt, gross 

Note 10. 

52 

Table of Contents 

 Finance leases Other long-term assets Total lease assets Liabilities Current: Operating leases Other current liabilities Current: Finance leases Other current liabilities Non-Current: Operating leases Long-term operating lease liabilities Non-Current: Finance leases Other long-term liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 Finance lease cost: Depreciation of lease assets Costs of goods sold and SG A Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense, net Total lease cost (1) Operating lease expense includes short-term leases and variable lease payments, which are immaterial. 
 
 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Thereafter Total future undiscounted lease payments Less: Interest Total reported lease liabilities 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Operating cash flows from financing leases Financing cash flows from financing leases Weighted average remaining lease term: Operating leases Finance leases Weighted average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases 

Note 11. 
 
 Supplemental executive retirement plan Executive deferred compensation plan Total deferred compensation benefits Less current portion (1) 
 Deferred compensation benefits, net of current portion 
 (1) Included in accrued compensation on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Deferred Compensation Benefits 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation 
 We have a non-qualified deferred compensation program which permitted key employees to annually elect to defer a portion of their compensation until their retirement. The plan has been closed to any additional deferrals since January 2001. The retirement benefit to be provided is based upon the amount of compensation deferred and the age of the individual at the time of the contracted deferral. An individual generally vests at age and years of participation under the plan. For deferrals prior to December 1992, vesting occurs at the later of age and years of service from first deferral or years of service. Deferred compensation expense was million, million, and million in Fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan ("SERP") 
 The primary purpose of this plan was to provide our officers and managers with supplemental retirement income for a period of years after retirement. We have not offered this plan on a continuing basis to members of management since 1998. The plan was funded with individual whole life insurance policies (split dollar program) owned by the named insured officer or manager. We initially paid the life insurance premiums on the life of the individual, and the individual would receive life insurance and supplemental cash payments during the years following retirement. In October 2008, the plan was amended as a result of changes in the tax and accounting regulations and rising administrative costs. Under the redesigned SERP, the underlying life insurance policies previously owned by the insured individual became company-owned life insurance ("COLI") by a release of all interests by the participant and assignment to Winnebago Industries as a prerequisite to participate in the SERP and transition from the Split Dollar Program. This program remains closed to new employee participation. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Borrowings ) ) Investment in life insurance 
 
 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan 
 In December 2006, we adopted the Winnebago Industries, Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (the "Executive Deferred Compensation Plan"). Under the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, corporate officers and certain key employees may annually choose to defer up to of their salary and up to of their cash incentive awards. The assets are presented as other long-term assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Such assets on August 26, 2023 and August 27, 2022 were million and million, respectively. 
 
 Profit Sharing Plan 
 million, million, and million, respectively. discretionary contributions were approved in Fiscal 2023. Discretionary contributions of million and million were approved in Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, respectively. 

Note 12. 
 
 months, provide that our liability will be the lesser of remaining principal owed by the dealer to the lending institution, or dealer invoice less periodic reductions based on the time since the date of the original invoice. Our liability cannot exceed of the dealer invoice. In certain instances, we also repurchase inventory from dealers due to state law or regulatory requirements that govern voluntary or involuntary relationship terminations. Although laws vary from state to state, some states have laws in place that require manufacturers of recreational vehicles or boats to repurchase current inventory if a dealership exits the business. The total contingent liability on all repurchase agreements was approximately million and million as of August 26, 2023 and August 27, 2022, respectively. 
 
 Our loss reserve for repurchase commitments contains uncertainties because the calculation requires management to make assumptions and apply judgment regarding a number of factors. Our risk of loss related to these repurchase commitments is significantly reduced by the potential resale value of any products that are subject to repurchase and is spread over numerous dealers and lenders. The aggregate contingent liability related to our repurchase agreements represents all financed dealer inventory at the period-end reporting date subject to a repurchase agreement, net of the greater of periodic reductions per the agreement or dealer principal payments. Based on these repurchase agreements and our historical loss experience, an associated loss reserve is established which is included in other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Our repurchase accrual was million and million as of August 26, 2023 and August 27, 2022, respectively. Repurchase risk is affected by the credit worthiness of our dealer network. We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to establish the loss reserve for repurchase commitments. 
 
 There was no material activity related to repurchase agreements during Fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 
 Litigation 

55 

Table of Contents 

 Note 13. 
 
 Travel Trailer Other (1) 
 Total Towable RV Motorhome RV: Class A Class B Class C and Other (1) 
 Total Motorhome RV Marine Corporate / All Other (2) 
 Consolidated 

Concentration of Risk 
 No single dealer organization accounted for more than 10 of net revenues for Fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021. 

Note 14. 
 
 million shares, plus the shares subject to any awards outstanding under the 2014 Plan and our predecessor plan, the 2004 Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2004 Plan ), on December 11, 2018 that subsequently expire, are forfeited or canceled, or are settled for cash. Until such time, awards under the 2014 Plan and the 2004 Plan, respectively, that were outstanding on December 11, 2018 will continue to be subject to the terms of the 2014 Plan or 2004 Plan, as applicable. Shares remaining available for future awards under the 2014 Plan were not carried over into the 2019 Plan. 
 
 Our outstanding options have a -year term. Options issued to employees generally vest over a period in equal annual installments on the annual anniversary dates following the grant date. Share awards generally vest based either upon continued employment ("time-based") or upon attainment of specified goals. Outstanding share awards that are not time-based vest at the end of a incentive period based upon the achievement of company performance goals ("performance-based"). Generally, time-based share awards vest in the same manner as options, except for time-based share awards to directors, which vest from the grant date. 
 
 Beginning with our annual grant of restricted stock units in October 2018, dividend equivalents are attached to restricted stock units equal to dividends payable on the same number of shares of our common stock during the applicable period. Dividend equivalents, settled in cash, accrue on restricted stock unit awards during the vesting period. No dividend equivalents are paid on any restricted stock units that are forfeited prior to the vesting date. 
 
 Our Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP") permits employees to purchase Winnebago Industries, Inc. common stock at a discount from the market price at the end of semi-annual purchase periods and is compensatory. In Fiscal 2023 and 2022, approximately shares and shares, respectively, were purchased through the ESPP. Plan participants had accumulated million and million as of August 26, 2023 and August 27, 2022, respectively, to purchase our common stock 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 shares were authorized for issuance and approximately shares remain available for future issuance. 
 
 Compensation expense associated with share-based awards is recognized over the requisite service or performance period of the award, unless accelerated by certain retirement eligibility provisions. Forfeitures are recorded when they occur. Performance-based ) Stock options Other (1) 
 Total stock-based compensation expense 

Restricted Stock Units - Time-Based 
 The fair value of time-based restricted stock units is determined based on the closing market price of our stock on the date of grant. Granted Vested ) Forfeited/canceled ) Outstanding at August 26, 2023 

As of August 26, 2023, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested time-based restricted stock units that are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. The total fair value of restricted stock units vested during Fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. 

Restricted Stock Units - Performance-Based 
 The fair value of performance-based restricted stock units is determined based on the closing market price of our stock on the date of grant. Granted Vested ) Forfeited/canceled Outstanding at August 26, 2023 

As of August 26, 2023, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested performance-based restricted stock units that are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of year. The total fair value of performance-based restricted stock units vested during Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

Granted Exercised Forfeited/canceled Outstanding at August 26, 2023 Exercisable at August 26, 2023 
 (1) Number of shares in the above table are shown in whole numbers. 
 
 As of August 26, 2023, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options that is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 Risk-free interest rate (2) 
 Expected life of stock options (in years) (3) 
 Expected stock price volatility (4) 
 Weighted average fair value of options granted 
 (1) Forfeitures are recorded when they occur. 
 (2) Based on U.S. Treasury constant maturity interest rate whose term is consistent with the expected life of the stock options. 
 (3) Estimated based on historical experience. 
 (4) Based on historical experience over a term consistent with the expected life of the stock options. 

Note 15. 
 
 State Total Deferred Federal ) State ) ) Total ) ) Provision for income taxes 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 million of U.S. federal income taxes receivable was included in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Comparatively, as of August 27, 2022, million of U.S. federal income taxes payable was included in income taxes payable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 State taxes, net of federal benefit Income tax credits ) ) ) Nondeductible compensation Tax-free and dividend income ) ) ) Uncertain tax position settlements and adjustments ) ) Other items ) ) ) Effective tax provision rate 
 
 Our effective tax rate decreased to in Fiscal 2023 compared to in Fiscal 2022 primarily due to both an increase in tax credits year-over-year over decreased income in the current year and favorable return to provision adjustments. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act IRA was signed into law in the U.S. Among other provisions, the IRA includes a 15 corporate minimum tax rate applied to certain large corporations and a 1 excise tax on corporate stock repurchases made after December 31, 2022. We do not expect the IRA to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. The amount of excise tax on Fiscal 2023 stock repurchases was not significant to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Deferred compensation Self-insurance reserve Stock-based compensation Leases Convertible notes Capitalized research and development costs Other Total deferred tax assets Convertible notes Intangibles Depreciation Leases Total deferred tax liabilities Total deferred income tax liabilities, net 
 
 Gross decreases-tax positions in a prior year ) ) ) Gross increases-tax positions in a prior year Gross increases-current year tax positions Balance at end of year Accrued interest and penalties Total unrecognized tax benefits 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 million of unrecognized tax benefits would have a favorable impact on our effective tax rate. It is our policy to recognize interest and penalties accrued relative to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. 

Note 16. 
 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic earnings per common share (1) 
 Earnings per share - diluted Net income Interest expense on convertible notes, net of tax Diluted net income Weighted average common shares outstanding Dilutive impact of stock compensation awards Dilutive impact of convertible notes Weighted average common shares outstanding, assuming dilution Anti-dilutive securities excluded from weighted average diluted common shares outstanding Diluted earnings per common share (1) 
 
 (1) Earnings per share amounts are calculated based on unrounded numbers and therefore may not recalculate using the rounded numbers provided. 
 
 For all periods presented, the dilutive effect of stock compensation awards was determined using the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock method, shares associated with certain anti-dilutive securities have been excluded from the diluted weighted average shares outstanding calculation because the exercise of those options would lead to a net reduction in common shares outstanding or anti-dilution. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the "Evaluation Date"). Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the Evaluation Date. 
 
 Evaluation of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management's report on internal control over financial reporting as of August 26, 2023 is included within Item 8 of Part II in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. The report of Deloitte Touche LLP on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting is included within Item 8 of Part II in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended August 26, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 During the three months ended August 26, 2023, no director or officer of the Company , modified or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 On October 17, 2023, we entered into a second amended and restated employment agreement (the Employment Agreement with Donald Clark, President of the Company s Grand Design RV operating segment GDRV and Senior Vice President of the Company. The Employment Agreement is effective as of September 1, 2023, following the expiration of Mr. Clark s prior employment agreement on August 31, 2023 (the First Amended Agreement ). 
 
 The Employment Agreement generally contains terms and conditions that are consistent with the terms and conditions of the First Amended Agreement. The primary changes to the terms of the Employment Agreement include: 
 
 Establishing a new multi-year employment term lasting until August 31, 2028; 
 
 Providing for an increase in Mr. Clark s annual base salary from 400,000 to 500,000; and 
 
 Providing for an annual short-term incentive opportunity Annual Incentive equal to 3.5 of the pretax net income of GDRV, payable in cash as compared to a combination of stock and cash (which cash portion was also paid quarterly) under the First Amended Agreement; provided, however, that 90 of the aggregate Annual Incentive amount will be paid quarterly based on GDRV s pretax income for the applicable fiscal quarter and 10 of the aggregate Annual Incentive amount will be based on GDRV s performance for the applicable fiscal year against an operating target set by the Company and will be paid on an annual basis. 
 
 We also entered into a second amended and restated change in control agreement Change in Control Agreement with Mr. Clark effective as of September 1, 2023, that will replace his current change in control agreement with the Company dated as of September 1, 2019. The Change in Control Agreement is materially consistent with the form we adopted and implemented in December 2021 for use with all other executive officers, except that the definition of Cause under the Change in Control Agreement has been modified to be consistent with the definition of Cause under the Employment Agreement. Additionally, the Change in Control Agreement continues to limit any payment Mr. Clark may receive thereunder to a cap of 3,000,000. 
 
 The foregoing descriptions of the Employment Agreement and the Change in Control Agreement are only summaries and the full text of each agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.30 and Exhibit 10.31, respectively, to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 None. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Reference is made to the table entitled "Information about our Executive Officers" in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to the information included under the captions Corporate Governance and Election of Directors, in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders scheduled to be held December 14, 2023, which information is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 We have adopted a written code of ethics, the "Code of Conduct", which is applicable to each of our employees, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (such two officers, collectively, the "Senior Officers"). In accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC, a copy of the Code of Conduct is posted on our website at www.winnebagoind.com in the "Governance Documents" section under "Investors - Corporate Governance." 
 
 We intend to disclose any changes in or waivers from the Code of Conduct applicable to any Senior Officer on our website at www.winnebagoind.com or by filing a Form 8-K. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 Reference is made to the information included under the captions Director Compensation and Executive Compensation in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders scheduled to be held December 14, 2023, which information is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 
 Reference is made to the share ownership information and table entitled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and the information included under the caption Equity Compensation Plan Information included in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders scheduled to be held December 14, 2023, which information is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Reference is made to the information included under the caption Corporate Governance in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders scheduled to be held December 14, 2023, which information is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 Information about fees and services billed to us by our principal accountant, Deloitte Touche LLP (PCAOB ID No. is included under the caption Independent Registered Public Accountant's Fees and Services in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders scheduled to be held December 14, 2023, which information is incorporated by reference herein. 

62 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 1. The consolidated financial statements are set forth within Item 8 of Part II in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules: Winnebago Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 
 All schedules are omitted because of the absence of the conditions under which they are required or because the information required is shown in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 
 3. Exhibit Index Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 2.1 Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of September 15, 2019, by and among Winnebago Industries, Inc., Octavius Corporation, Newmar Corporation, Dutch Real Estate Corp., New-Way Transport Corp., New-Serv, Inc., the shareholders of Newmar Corporation, Dutch Real Estate Corp., New-Way Transport Corp. and New-Serv, Inc. and Matthew Miller, as Sellers Agent. 
 8-K 2.1 09/16/2019 2.2 Equity Purchase Agreement dated July 19, 2021, by and among Winnebago Industries, Inc., Falcon Family, Inc., Ronald J. Fenech, William C. Fenech, Donald Clark, and Donald Clark Family, LLC, and William C. Fenech in his capacity as Representative. 
 8-K 10.1 7/20/2021 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of Winnebago Industries, Inc., effective January 1, 2022 
 8-K 3.1 01/05/2022 3.2 Bylaws of Winnebago Industries, Inc., effective August 15, 2023 
 8-K 3.2 08/17/2023 4.1 Description of Securities. 
 10-K 4a 10/19/2022 4.2 Indenture, dated November 1, 2019, by and between Winnebago Industries, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association. 
 8-K 4.1 11/04/2019 4.3 Form of 1.50 Convertible Senior Note due 2025 (included in Exhibit 4.2) 
 8-K 4.2 11/04/2019 4.4 Indenture, dated as of July 8, 2020, by and among Winnebago Industries, Inc., the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. 
 8-K 4.1 07/09/2020 4.5 Form of 6.250 Senior Secured Note due 2028 (included in Exhibit 4.4) 
 8-K 4.2 07/09/2020 10.1 Winnebago Industries, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan previously filed with the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 2, 1991 and incorporated by reference herein and the Amendment dated June 29, 1995. 
 10-K 10.B 11/22/1995 10.2 Winnebago Industries, Inc. Executive Share Option Plan previously filed as Exhibit 10.J with the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 29, 1998 (Commission File Number 001-06403) and incorporated by reference herein, and the Amendment dated July 1, 1999 previously filed as Exhibit 10.J with the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 29, 1999 (Commission File Number 001-06403) and incorporated by reference herein and the Amendment dated January 1, 2001. 
 10-Q 10.I 04/09/2001 10.3 Winnebago Industries, Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan previously filed as Exhibit 10.C with the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended November 25, 2006 (Commission File Number 001-06403) and the Amendment dated June 21, 2011. 
 10-K 10.BB 10/25/2011 10.4 Winnebago Industries, Inc. 2014 Omnibus Equity, Performance Award, and Incentive Compensation Plan previously filed as Appendix B with the Registrant's Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on December 17, 2013 (Commission File Number 001-06403) and incorporated by reference herein and the Supplement previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 with the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 6, 2013 (Commission File Number 001-06403) and incorporated by reference herein. 
 8-K 10.1 12/06/2013 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 10.5 Winnebago Industries, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan, previously filed as Appendix A to the Registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on October 31, 2018 (Commission File Number 001-06403) and incorporated by reference herein. 
 DEF 14A A 10/31/2018 10.6 Winnebago Industries, Inc. Directors' Deferred Compensation Plan previously filed as Exhibit 10.E with the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 30, 1997 (Commission File Number 001-06403), and incorporated by reference herein and the Amendment dated October 15, 2003 previously filed as Exhibit 10.H with the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended November 29, 2003 (Commission File Number 001-06403) and incorporated by reference herein and the Amendment dated October 11, 2006 previously filed as Exhibit 10.B with the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended November 25, 2006 (Commission File Number 001-06403) and the Amendment dated July 1, 2013. 
 10-Q 10.1 06/28/2013 10.7 Winnebago Industries, Inc. Profit Sharing and Deferred Savings Investment Plan previously filed with the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 1985 (Commission File Number 001-06403), and incorporated by reference herein, and the Amendment dated July 1, 1995 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 10-K 10.C 11/22/1995 10.8 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under Winnebago Industries, Inc. 2014 Omnibus Equity, Performance Award, and Incentive Compensation Plan (Fiscal 2019 awards and later). 
 10-Q 10.b 12/20/2018 10.9 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under Winnebago Industries, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity, Performance Award, and Incentive Compensation Plan (Fiscal 2022 awards and later). 
 10-K 10j 10/19/2022 10.10 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under Winnebago Industries, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity, Performance Award, and Incentive Compensation Plan (Fiscal 2023 awards and later). 
 10-K 10k 10/19/2022 10.11 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under Winnebago Industries, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity, Performance Award, and Incentive Compensation Plan (Fiscal 2024 awards and later). 
 X 10.12 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Executives) under Winnebago Industries, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity, Performance Award, and Incentive Compensation Plan (Fiscal 2022 awards and later). 
 10-K 10m 10/19/2022 10.13 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Executives) under Winnebago Industries, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity, Performance Award, and Incentive Compensation Plan (Fiscal 2023 awards and later). 
 10-K 10n 10/19/2022 10.14 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Executives) under Winnebago Industries, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity, Performance Award, and Incentive Compensation Plan (Fiscal 2024 awards and later). 
 X 10.15 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Non-Employee Director) under Winnebago Industries, Inc. 2014 Omnibus Equity, Performance Award, and Incentive Compensation Plan (Fiscal 2019 awards and later). 
 10-Q 10.e 12/20/2018 10.16 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Non-Employee Director) under Winnebago Industries, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity, Performance Award, and Incentive Compensation Plan (Fiscal 2022 awards and later). 
 10-K 10q 10/19/2022 10.17 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Non-Employee Director) under Winnebago Industries, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity, Performance Award, and Incentive Compensation Plan (Fiscal 2023 awards and later). 
 10-K 10r 10/19/2022 10.18 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Non-Employee Director) under Winnebago Industries, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity, Performance Award, and Incentive Compensation Plan (Fiscal 2024 awards and later). 
 X 10.19 Form of Change in Control Agreemen t. 
 10-Q 10.f 12/20/2018 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 10.20 Winnebago Industries, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan. 
 10-K 10.Z 10/27/2009 10.21 Winnebago Industries, Inc. Executive Incentive Compensation Plan for Fiscal Period 2021 and later. 
 10-K 10q 10/21/2020 10.22 Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement under Winnebago Industries, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (Fiscal 2021 awards) 
 10-K 10s 10/21/2020 10.23 Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement under Winnebago Industries, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (Fiscal 2022 awards) 
 10-K 10t 10/20/2021 10.24 Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement under Winnebago Industries, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (Fiscal 2023 awards) 
 10-K 10y 10/19/2022 10.25 Non-competition, Non-solicitation and Confidentiality Agreement by and among Octavius Corporation, Winnebago Industries, Inc., Grand Design RV, LLC, RDB III, Inc., Ronald Fenech, Donald Clark and William Fenech. 
 8-K 10.1 10/05/2016 10.26 Non-Solicitation and Confidentiality Agreement by and among Octavius Corporation, Winnebago Industries, Inc., Grand Design, RV, LLC, Summit Partners Growth Equity Fund VIII-B, L.P., Summit Partners Growth Equity Fund VIII-A, L.P., Summit Partners Entrepreneur Advisors Fund I, L.P., Summit Investors I, LLC, Summit Investors I (UK), L.P., and SP GE VIII-B GD RV Holdings, L.P. 
 8-K 10.2 10/05/2016 10.27 Registration Rights Agreement by and among Winnebago Industries, Inc., Summit Partners Growth Equity Fund VIII-A, L.P., Summit Partners Growth Equity Fund VIII-B, L.P., Summit Partners Entrepreneur Advisors Fund I, L.P., Summit Investors I, LLC, Summit Investors I (UK), L.P. and SP GE VIII-B GD RV Holdings, L.P., Donald Clark, Ronald Fenech, and William Fenech. 
 8-K 10.3 10/05/2016 10.28 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Winnebago Industries, Inc., Grand Design RV, LLC, and Donald Clark effective September 1, 2019. 
 8-K 10.1 06/24/2019 10.29 Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement between Winnebago Industries, Inc. and Donald Clark effective September 1, 2019. 
 8-K 10.2 06/24/2019 10.30 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Winnebago Industries, Inc., Grand Design RV, LLC, and Donald Clark effective September 1, 2023. 
 X 10.31 Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement between Winnebago Industries, Inc. and Donald Clark effective September 1, 2023. 
 X 10.32 Commitment Letter dated September 15, 2019, by and among Winnebago Industries, Inc., Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Bank of Montreal, and BMO Capital Markets Corp. 
 8-K 10.1 09/16/2019 10.33 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of October 22, 2019 among Winnebago Industries, Inc., Winnebago of Indiana, LLC and Grand Design RV, LLC, the other loan parties party thereto from time to time, the lenders party thereto from time to time and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 8-K 10.1 10/23/2019 10.34 Purchase Agreement, dated October 29, 2019, by and among Winnebago Industries, Inc., Goldman Sachs Co. LLC and BMO Capital Markets Corp. 
 8-K 10.1 11/04/2019 10.35 Base Convertible Bond Hedge Confirmation, dated October 29, 2019, between Winnebago Industries, Inc., and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC. 
 8-K 10.2 11/04/2019 10.36 Base Convertible Bond Hedge Confirmation, dated October 29, 2019, between Winnebago Industries, Inc., and Bank of Montreal. 
 8-K 10.3 11/04/2019 10.37 Additional Convertible Bond Hedge Confirmation, dated October 30, 2019, between Winnebago Industries, Inc., and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC. 
 8-K 10.4 11/04/2019 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 10.38 Additional Convertible Bond Hedge Confirmation, dated October 30, 2019, between Winnebago Industries, Inc., and Bank of Montreal. 
 8-K 10.5 11/04/2019 10.39 Base Warrant Confirmation, dated October 29, 2019, between Winnebago Industries, Inc., and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC. 
 8-K 10.6 11/04/2019 10.40 Base Warrant Confirmation, dated October 29, 2019, between Winnebago Industries, Inc., and Bank of Montreal 
 8-K 10.7 11/04/2019 10.41 Additional Warrant Confirmation, dated October 30, 2019, between Winnebago Industries, Inc., and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC. 
 8-K 10.8 11/04/2019 10.42 Additional Warrant Confirmation, dated October 30, 2019, between Winnebago Industries, Inc., and Bank of Montreal. 
 8-K 10.9 11/04/2019 10.43 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 15, 2019 among Winnebago Industries, Inc., Winnebago of Indiana, LLC and Grand Design RV, LLC, Newmar Corporation, the other loan parties thereto from time to time, the lenders party thereto from time to time and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 10-Q 10.2 12/20/2019 10.44 First Restated and Amended Lease Agreement (Main Facility) dated October 4, 2019 by and between Three Oaks, LLC and Grand Design RV, LLC. 
 10-Q 10.14 12/20/2019 10.45 Second Restated and Amended Lease Agreement (Expansion Facility) dated October 4, 2019 by and between Three Oaks, LLC and Grand Design RV, LLC. 
 10-Q 10.15 12/20/2019 10.46 Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 8, 2020, among Winnebago Industries, Inc., Winnebago of Indiana, LLC, Grand Design RV, LLC, Newmar Corporation, the other loan parties thereto from time to time, the lenders party thereto from time to time and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent 
 8-K 10.1 7/9/2020 10.47 Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of July 8, 2020, among JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral trustee, Winnebago Industries, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries party thereto. 
 8-K 10.2 7/9/2020 10.48 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Winnebago Industries, Inc. and Michael Happe dated December 15, 2021 
 8-K 10.1 12/17/2021 10.49 Winnebago Executive Officer Severance Plan and Summary Plan Description 
 8-K 10.2 12/17/2021 10.50 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of July 15, 2022 among Winnebago Industries, Inc., Winnebago of Indiana, LLC, Grand Design RV, LLC and Newmar Corporation, the other loan parties party thereto from time to time, the lenders party thereto from time to time and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 8-K 10.1 7/19/2022 21 List of Subsidiaries. 
 X 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 X 31.1 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 31.2 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.1 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.2 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document (furnished herewith). 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 The cover page from the Winnebago Industries, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 26, 2023, formatted in Inline XBRL (included as Exhibit 101). 
 
 Management contract or compensation plan or arrangement. 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 None. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. WINNEBAGO INDUSTRIES, INC. By /s/ Michael J. Happe Michael J. Happe President, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date: October 18, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below on October 18, 2023, by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated. Signature Capacity /s/ Michael J. Happe Michael J. Happe Chief Executive Officer, President (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Bryan L. Hughes Bryan L. Hughes Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Sara E. Armbruster Sara E. Armbruster Director /s/ Christopher J. Braun Christopher J. Braun Director /s/ Kevin E. Bryant Kevin E. Bryant Director /s/ William C. Fisher William C. Fisher Director /s/ David W. Miles David W. Miles Director /s/ Richard D. Moss Richard D. Moss Director /s/ John M. Murabito John M. Murabito Director /s/ Jacqueline D. Woods Jacqueline D. Woods Director 
 
 69 

<EX-10.11>
 2
 wgo-nqsooptionagreement201.htm
 EX-10.11

Document 
 Exhibit 10.11 

 WINNEBAGO INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 2019 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement 
 Winnebago Industries, Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to its 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan ), hereby grants a stock option award (the Option to you, the Participant named below. The terms and conditions of this Option Award are set forth in this Agreement (the Agreement ), consisting of this cover page, the Option Terms and Conditions on the following pages, and in the Plan document, a copy of which has been provided to you. Any capitalized term that is used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to it in the Plan as it currently exists or as it is amended in the future. 
 Name of Participant _______________________ No. of Shares Covered _______ Grant Date October 10, 2023 Exercise Price Per Share ______ Expiration Date October 10, 2033 Vesting and Exercise Schedule 
 Dates 
 October 10, 2024 
 October 10, 2025 
 October 10, 2026 
 Portion of Shares as to Which 
 Option Becomes Vested and Exercisable 
 33 1 3 
 33 1 3 
 33 1 3 

By logging into and accepting this Agreement through your account with E TRADE, you acknowledge and agree (A) to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and in the Plan document and (B) that you have received and reviewed these documents and that they set forth the entire agreement between you and the Company regarding your right to purchase shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to this Option. 

WINNEBAGO INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 2019 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 1. DEFINITIONS . For purposes of this Agreement, the definitions of terms contained in the Plan hereby are incorporated by reference, except to the extent that any such term is specifically defined in this Agreement. 
 Good Reason shall have the meaning set forth in your change in control agreement, if applicable. 
 2. VESTING AND EXERCISABILITY OF OPTION . 
 
 (a) Scheduled Vesting . This Option will vest and become exercisable as to the number of Shares and on the dates specified in the Vesting and Exercise Schedule on the cover page to this Agreement, so long as your Service to the Company does not end. The Vesting and Exercise Schedule is cumulative, meaning that to the extent the Option has not already been exercised and has not expired or been terminated or cancelled, you or the person otherwise entitled to exercise the Option as provided in this Agreement may at any time purchase all or any portion of the Shares subject to the vested portion of the Option. This Option shall not be exercisable under any circumstances after the expiration of ten (10) years from the date this Option is granted. 
 (b) Accelerated Vesting . 
 i. If a Change in Control occurs prior to the final scheduled vesting date specified in the Vesting and Exercise Schedule on the cover page to this Agreement and your Service continues to the date of the Change in Control, the provisions of Section 12 of the Plan shall apply, including those providing for benefits upon termination of Service for Good Reason. 
 ii. If your Service terminates prior to the final scheduled vesting date specified in the Vesting and Exercise Schedule on the cover page to this Agreement due to your death or Disability, then any unvested portion of the Option subject to this Agreement shall vest as of such termination date. 
 iii. If, due to Retirement, your Service terminates at least twelve (12) months after the Grant Date and prior to the final scheduled vesting date specified in the Vesting and Exercise Schedule on the cover page to this Agreement, then any unvested portion of the Option subject to this Agreement shall vest as of such termination date. For this purpose, (i) Retirement means any termination of employment (other than by the Company for Cause or due to death or Disability) at or after age sixty-five (65) or at or after age fifty-five (55) with ten (10) or more years of continuous Service to the Company and its Affiliates, with Service measured from your most recent date of hire and (ii) any period of service to an 

entity prior to such entity becoming an Affiliate will not count towards your Service measurement. 
 Notwithstanding the vesting and exercise of any part of this Option, this Option and any Share issued pursuant to an exercise of this Option shall remain subject to the provisions of Section 16(i) of the Plan. 
 3. EXPIRATION . This Option, including the vested and exercisable portions hereof, will expire and will no longer be exercisable at 5 00 p.m. Central Time on the earliest of 
 (a) The ten (10) year anniversary of the date this option is granted 
 (b) Upon your termination of Service for Cause 
 (c) Upon the one year anniversary of the date of your termination of Service due to death or Disability or a Retirement 
 (d) Upon the three month anniversary of the date of your termination of Service due to any reason other than Cause, Retirement, death or Disability or 
 (e) The date (if any) fixed for termination or cancellation of this Option pursuant to Section 12 of the Plan. 
 4. METHOD OF EXERCISING THE OPTION . 
 
 (a) Minimum Shares . This Option may be exercised in whole or in part, but not for less than 100 shares at any one time, unless fewer than 100 Shares are then purchasable under the Option and the Option is then being exercised as to all such Shares. 
 
 (b) Written Notice . The vested and exercisable portion of this Option may be exercised by giving written notice to the Company, addressed to the attention of the Secretary of the Company. Such notice shall be in such form as may be approved by the Company and shall state, among other things, the number of shares of Common Stock to be purchased, and must be signed or otherwise authenticated by the person entitled to exercise the Option and, if being exercised by any person other you, be accompanied by proof, satisfactory to counsel for the Company, of the right of such person to exercise the Option. After the person exercising this Option has obtained approval from the Secretary of the Company to exercise some or all of the Option, he or she is required to deliver an electronic notice of exercise to the third-party stock plan administrator retained by the Company (which electronic notice will be in such form as may be approved by the Company, including (but not limited to) the following information the number of shares of Common Stock to be purchased, the person(s) in whose name the stock certificate for the Shares is to be registered together with other identifying information relating to such holder, and the manner in which the exercise price will be paid). The electronic notice must be authenticated by the person exercising this Option. 
 
 (c) Payment of Exercise Price . The Exercise Price plus any applicable withholding or other compensation taxes, commissions and fees payable upon exercise of all or any portion of the Shares subject to this Option shall be payable to the Company in full through one or a combination of the following methods or other methods that may be approved by the Committee in writing from time to time 
 i. Cash Transfer from your stock brokerage account at least 2 days prior to settlement, you shall submit payment of the aggregate amount of the Exercise Price as well as all applicable withholding or other compensation taxes, commissions and fees to your brokerage account to cover costs and or 

ii. Share Withholding whereby you authorize the Company to retain, from the total number of Shares as to which the Option is being exercised, that number of Shares having a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise equal to the aggregate exercise price and the amount of any compensation taxes, commissions and fees due relating to such exercise. 
 In the event you do not elect a payment method, the Share Withholding method shall apply automatically. 
 (d) Withholding Taxes . You may not exercise this Option in whole or in part unless you make arrangements acceptable to the Company for payment of any federal, state, local or foreign withholding taxes that may be due as a result of the exercise of this Option. Withholding taxes shall be payable by you in accordance with the election(s) you make pursuant to Section 4(c) above. Delivery of Shares upon exercise of this Option is subject to the satisfaction of applicable withholding tax obligations. 
 
 (e) Delivery of Shares . As promptly as practicable after receipt of such written notice, required representations, and payment, the Company shall cause to be issued and delivered to you or the person permitted to exercise this Option under the Plan cause to be issued and delivered to you (or to your personal representative or your designated beneficiary or estate in the event of your death, as applicable) delivery of the Shares so purchased, which shall be effected by the issuance of a stock certificate to you, by an appropriate entry in the stock register maintained by the Company s transfer agent with a notice of issuance provided to you, or by the electronic delivery of the Shares to a brokerage account you designate, and shall be subject to the tax withholding provisions of Section 4(d) above and compliance with all applicable legal requirements as provided in Section 16 of the Plan. 
 
 5. TRANSFERABILITY OF OPTION . This Option may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise alienated or hypothecated, other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. In the event of your death, the Company shall deliver this Option and or amounts payable to your designated beneficiary, or if no beneficiary is named, to the executor or administrator of your estate. This Option shall not be subject to any levy, attachment execution or similar process. In the event of any transfer or levy of process upon the rights or interests hereby conferred, the Company may terminate this Option by written notice to you and it shall thereupon become null and void. This Agreement shall be binding upon your beneficiaries and legal representatives, as applicable. 
 
 6. NO STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS BEFORE EXERCISE . Neither you nor any permitted transferee of this Option will have any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to any Shares subject to this Option until a certificate evidencing such Shares has been issued, electronic delivery of such Shares has been made to you or your permitted transferee s designated brokerage account, or an appropriate book entry in the Company's stock register has been made. No adjustments shall be made for dividends or other rights if the applicable record date occurs before the related stock certificate has been issued, electronic delivery of the Shares has been made to you or your permitted transferee s designated brokerage account, or an appropriate book entry in the Company's stock register has been made, except as otherwise described in the Plan. 
 
 7. NOTICE . Every notice or other communication relating to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be mailed to or delivered (including electronically) to the party for whom it is intended at such address as may from time to time be designated by it in a notice mailed or delivered to the other party as herein provided. Unless and until some other address is so designated, all notices or communications by you to the Company shall be mailed or delivered to the Company, to the attention of its Senior Vice 

President, General Counsel and Secretary, at its office at 13200 Pioneer Trail, Suite 150, Eden Prairie, MN 55347, slbogart winnebagoind.com, and all notices or communications by the Company to you may be given to you personally or may be mailed or, if you are still a Service Provider, emailed to you at the address indicated in the Company's records as your most recent mailing or email address. 
 
 8. ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS . 
 (a) No Right to Continued Service . This Agreement does not give you a right to continued Service with the Company or any Affiliate, and the Company or any such Affiliate may terminate your Service at any time and otherwise deal with you without regard to the effect it may have upon you under this Agreement. 
 (b) Governing Plan Document . This Agreement and the Award are subject to all the provisions of the Plan, and to all interpretations, rules and regulations which may, from time to time, be adopted and promulgated by the Committee pursuant to the Plan. If there is any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. 
 (c) Governing Law . This Agreement, the parties performance hereunder, and the relationship between them shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Iowa, without giving effect to the choice of law principles thereof. 
 (d) Severability . The provisions of this Agreement shall be severable and if any provision of this Agreement is found by any court to be unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remainder of this Agreement shall nevertheless be enforceable and binding on the parties. You also agree that any trier of fact may modify any invalid, overbroad or unenforceable provision of this Agreement so that such provision, as modified, is valid and enforceable under applicable law. 
 (e) Binding Effect . This Agreement will be binding in all respects on your heirs, representatives, successors and assigns, and on the successors and assigns of the Company. 
 (f) Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may deliver any documents related to this Option by electronic means and request you acceptance of this Agreement by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive all applicable documentation by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line (and or voice activated) system established and maintained by the Company or the Company s third-party stock plan administrator. 

By signing the cover page of this Agreement or otherwise accepting this Agreement in a manner approved by the Company, you agree to all the terms and conditions described above and in the Plan document. 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.14>
 3
 wgo-executiveeltrsuaward20.htm
 EX-10.14

Document 
 Exhibit 10.14 

 WINNEBAGO INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 2019 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Executives) 
 
 Winnebago Industries, Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to its 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan ), hereby grants an award of Restricted Stock Units to you, the Participant named below. The terms and conditions of this Award are set forth in this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Agreement ), consisting of this cover page and the Terms and Conditions on the following pages, and in the Plan document, a copy of which has been provided to you. Any capitalized term that is used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to it in the Plan as it currently exists or as it is amended in the future. 
 
 Name of Participant _______________________ Number of Restricted Stock Units _______ Grant Date October 10, 2023 Vesting Schedule Scheduled Vesting Dates 
 October 10, 2024 
 October 10, 2025 
 October 10, 2026 
 Number of Restricted Stock Units that Vest 
 33 1 3 
 33 1 3 
 33 1 3 

By logging into and accepting this Agreement through your account with E TRADE, you acknowledge and agree (A) to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and in the Plan document and (B) that you have received and reviewed these documents. 

WINNEBAGO INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 2019 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Executives) 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 1. Defined Terms . For purposes of this Agreement, the definitions of terms contained in the Plan hereby are incorporated by reference, except to the extent that any such term is specifically defined in this Agreement. 
 Good Reason shall have the meaning set forth in your change in control agreement, if applicable. 
 
 2. Grant of Restricted Stock Units . The Company hereby confirms the grant to you, as of the Grant Date and subject to the terms and conditions in this Agreement and the Plan, of the number of Restricted Stock Units specified on the cover page of this Agreement (the Units ). Each Unit represents the right to receive one share of the Company s Common Stock (each, a Share ). Prior to their settlement or forfeiture in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Units granted to you will be credited to an account in your name maintained by the Company. This account shall be unfunded and maintained for book-keeping purposes only, with the Units simply representing an unfunded and unsecured contingent obligation of the Company. 
 
 3. Restrictions Applicable to Units . Neither this Award nor the Units subject to this Award may be sold, assigned, transferred, exchanged or encumbered, voluntarily or involuntarily, other than a transfer upon your death in accordance with your will, by the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a beneficiary designation submitted in accordance with the Plan. Following any such transfer, this Award shall continue to be subject to the same terms and conditions that were applicable to this Award immediately prior to its transfer. Any attempted transfer in violation of this Section 3 shall be void and without effect. The Units and your right to receive Shares in settlement of the Units under this Agreement shall be subject to forfeiture as provided in Section 6 until satisfaction of the vesting conditions set forth in Section 5. 
 
 4. No Shareholder Rights . The Units subject to this Award do not entitle you to any rights of a holder of the Company s common stock. You will not have any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company in connection with the grant of Units subject to this Agreement unless and until Shares are issued to you upon settlement of the Units as provided in Section 7. 
 5. Vesting of Units . For purposes of this Agreement, Vesting Date means any date, including the Scheduled Vesting Dates specified in the Vesting Schedule on the cover page of this Agreement, on which Units subject to this Agreement vest as provided in this Section 5. Notwithstanding the vesting and subsequent settlement of this Award, the Award and any Share issuances or payments made hereunder shall remain subject to the provisions of Section 16(i) of the Plan. 
 
 (a) Scheduled Vesting . If you remain a Service Provider continuously from the Grant Date specified on the cover page of this Agreement, then the Units will vest in the amounts and on the Scheduled Vesting Dates specified in the Vesting Schedule. 
 
 (b) Accelerated Vesting . The vesting of outstanding Units will be accelerated under the circumstances provided below 
 
 (1) Death or Disability . If your Service terminates prior to the final Scheduled Vesting Date due to your death or Disability, then all of the unvested Units shall vest as of such termination date. 

RSU Agreement Executives (ELT) (2019 Plan October 10, 2023 Grant) Page 2 

(2) Change in Control . If a Change in Control occurs while you continue to be a Service Provider and prior to the final Scheduled Vesting Date, the provisions of Section 12 of the Plan shall apply, including those providing for benefits upon termination of Service for Good Reason. 
 
 (3) Retirement . If, due to Retirement, your Service terminates at least twelve (12) months after the Grant Date and prior to the final Scheduled Vesting Date, then all of the unvested Units shall vest as of such termination date. For this purpose, (i) Retirement means any termination of employment (other than by the Company for Cause or due to death or Disability) at or after age sixty-five (65) or at or after age fifty-five (55) with ten (10) or more years of continuous Service to the Company and its Affiliates, with Service measured from your most recent date of hire and (ii) any period of service to an entity prior to such entity becoming an Affiliate will not count towards your Service measurement. 
 
 6. Effect of Termination of Service . Except as otherwise provided in accordance with Section 5(b) above, if you cease to be a Service Provider, you will forfeit all unvested Units. Notwithstanding this forfeiture, you will continue to be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 7. Settlement of Units . After any Units vest pursuant to Section 5, the Company shall, as soon as practicable (but no later than the 15 th day of the third calendar month following the Vesting Date), cause to be issued and delivered to you (or to your personal representative or your designated beneficiary or estate in the event of your death, as applicable) one Share in payment and settlement of each vested Unit. Delivery of the Shares shall be effected by the issuance of a stock certificate to you, by an appropriate entry in the stock register maintained by the Company s transfer agent with a notice of issuance provided to you, or by the electronic delivery of the Shares to a brokerage account you designate, and shall be subject to the tax withholding provisions of Section 9 and compliance with all applicable legal requirements as provided in Section 16 of the Plan, and shall be in complete satisfaction and settlement of such vested Units. If the Units that vest include a fractional Unit, the Company shall round the number of vested Units to the nearest whole Unit prior to issuance of Shares as provided herein. 
 
 8. Dividend Equivalents . If the Company pays cash dividends on its Shares while any Units subject to this Agreement are outstanding, then the Company shall credit, as of each dividend payment date, a dollar amount of dividend equivalents to your account. The dollar amount of the dividend equivalents credited shall be determined by multiplying the number of Units credited to your account pursuant to this Agreement as of the dividend record date times the dollar amount of the cash dividend per Share. Your right to receive such accrued dividend equivalents shall vest, and the amount of the accrued dividend equivalents shall be paid in cash, to the same extent and at the same time as the underlying Units to which the dividend equivalents relate vest and are settled, as provided in Sections 5 and 7 of this Agreement. No interest shall accrue on any unpaid dividend equivalents. Any dividend equivalents accrued on Units that are forfeited in accordance with this Agreement shall also be forfeited. 
 
 9. Tax Consequences and Withholding . No Shares will be delivered to you in settlement of vested Units, and no payment of any accrued dividend equivalents will be made, unless you have made arrangements acceptable to the Company for payment of any federal, state, local or foreign withholding taxes that may be due as a result of the delivery of the Shares and any such payment. You hereby authorize the Company (or any Affiliate) to withhold from the aggregated accrued dividend equivalent amount, payroll or other amounts payable to you any sums required to satisfy such withholding tax obligations, and otherwise agree to satisfy such obligations in accordance with the provisions of Section 14 of the Plan. You further authorize and consent to the Company, or its respective agents, that all withholding tax obligations may be satisfied by having the Company or its agent withhold a number of Shares that would otherwise be issued to you in settlement of the Units and that have a fair market value equal to the then-outstanding amount of such withholding tax obligations, unless in lieu thereof, you elect at the time of conversion of the Units such other then-permitted method or combination of methods established by the Committee in its discretion, if any, to satisfy your withholding tax obligations. 
 10. Notices . Every notice or other communication relating to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be mailed to or delivered (including electronically) to the party for whom it is intended at such address as may from time to time be designated by it in a notice mailed or delivered to the other party as herein provided. Unless and until some other address is so designated, all notices or communications by you to the Company shall be mailed or delivered to the Company, to the attention of its Senior Vice 
 
 RSU Agreement Executives (ELT) (2019 Plan October 10, 2023 Grant) Page 3 

President, General Counsel and Secretary, at its office at 13200 Pioneer Trail, Suite 150, Eden Prairie, MN 55347, slbogart winnebagoind.com, and all notices or communications by the Company to you may be given to you personally or may be mailed or, if you are still a Service Provider, emailed to you at the address indicated in the Company's records as your most recent mailing or email address. 
 11. Additional Provisions . 
 (a) No Right to Continued Service . This Agreement does not give you a right to continued Service with the Company or any Affiliate, and the Company or any such Affiliate may terminate your Service at any time and otherwise deal with you without regard to the effect it may have upon you under this Agreement. 
 
 (b) Governing Plan Document . This Agreement and the Award are subject to all the provisions of the Plan, and to all interpretations, rules and regulations which may, from time to time, be adopted and promulgated by the Committee pursuant to the Plan. If there is any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. 
 
 (c) Governing Law . This Agreement, the parties performance hereunder, and the relationship between them shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Iowa, without giving effect to the choice of law principles thereof. 
 
 (d) Severability . The provisions of this Agreement shall be severable and if any provision of this Agreement is found by any court to be unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remainder of this Agreement shall nevertheless be enforceable and binding on the parties. You also agree that any trier of fact may modify any invalid, overbroad or unenforceable provision of this Agreement so that such provision, as modified, is valid and enforceable under applicable law. 
 
 (e) Binding Effect . This Agreement will be binding in all respects on your heirs, representatives, successors and assigns, and on the successors and assigns of the Company. 
 
 (f) Section 409A of the Code . The award of Units as provided in this Agreement and any issuance of Shares or payment pursuant to this Agreement are intended to be exempt from Section 409A of the Code under the short-term deferral exception specified in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-l(b)(4). However, for the avoidance of doubt, to the extent that this Agreement is subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Agreement is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, and the provisions of the Plan and the Agreement shall be interpreted in a manner that satisfies such requirements. 
 
 (g) Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may deliver any documents related to this Restricted Stock Unit Award by electronic means and request your acceptance of this Agreement by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive all applicable documentation by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line (and or voice activated) system established and maintained by the Company or the Company s third-party stock plan administrator. 
 
 By signing the cover page of this Agreement or otherwise accepting this Agreement in a manner approved by the Company, you agree to all the terms and conditions described above and in the Plan document. 
 
 RSU Agreement Executives (ELT) (2019 Plan October 10, 2023 Grant) Page 4 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.18>
 4
 wgo-directorrsuaward2019pl.htm
 EX-10.18

Document 
 Exhibit 10.18 

 WINNEBAGO INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 2019 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Non-Employee Director) 
 
 Winnebago Industries, Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to its 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan ), hereby grants an award of Restricted Stock Units to you, the Participant named below. The terms and conditions of this Award are set forth in this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Agreement ), consisting of this cover page and the Terms and Conditions on the following pages, and in the Plan document, a copy of which has been made available to you. Any capitalized term that is used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to it in the Plan as it currently exists or as it is amended in the future. 
 
 Name of Participant _______________________ Number of Restricted Stock Units _______ Grant Date October 10, 2023 Scheduled Vesting Date October 10, 2024 
 
 By logging into and accepting this Agreement through your account with E TRADE, you acknowledge and agree (A) to be bound by all of the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement and in the Plan document and (B) that you have received and reviewed these documents. 

WINNEBAGO INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 2019 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Non-Employee Director) 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 1. Grant of Restricted Stock Units . The Company hereby confirms the grant to you, as of the Grant Date and subject to the terms and conditions in this Agreement and the Plan, of the number of Restricted Stock Units specified on the cover page of this Agreement (the Units ). Each Unit represents the right to receive one share of the Company s Common Stock (each, a Share ). Prior to their settlement or forfeiture in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Units granted to you will be credited to an account in your name maintained by the Company. This account shall be unfunded and maintained for book-keeping purposes only, with the Units simply representing an unfunded and unsecured contingent obligation of the Company. 
 2. Restrictions Applicable to Units . Neither this Award nor the Units subject to this Award may be sold, assigned, transferred, exchanged or encumbered, voluntarily or involuntarily, other than a transfer upon your death in accordance with your will, by the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a beneficiary designation submitted in accordance with the Plan. Following any such transfer, this Award shall continue to be subject to the same terms and conditions that were applicable to this Award immediately prior to its transfer. Any attempted transfer in violation of this Section 2 shall be void and without effect. The Units and your right to receive Shares in settlement of the Units under this Agreement shall be subject to forfeiture as provided in Section 5 until satisfaction of the vesting conditions set forth in Section 4. 
 
 3. No Shareholder Rights . The Units subject to this Award do not entitle you to any rights of a holder of the Company s common stock. You will not have any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company in connection with the grant of Units subject to this Agreement unless and until Shares are issued to you upon settlement of the Units as provided in Section 6. 
 4. Vesting of Units . For purposes of this Agreement, Vesting Date means any date, including the Scheduled Vesting Date specified on the cover page of this Agreement, on which Units subject to this Agreement vest as provided in this Section 4. Notwithstanding the vesting and subsequent settlement of this Award, the Award and any Share issuances or payments made hereunder shall remain subject to the provisions of Section 16(i) of the Plan. 
 
 (a) Scheduled Vesting . If you remain a Service Provider continuously from the Grant Date specified on the cover page of this Agreement, then the Units will vest on the Scheduled Vesting Date. 
 
 (b) Accelerated Vesting . The vesting of outstanding Units will be accelerated under the circumstances provided below 
 
 (1) Death or Disability . If your Service terminates prior to the Scheduled Vesting Date due to your death or Disability, then all of the unvested Units shall vest as of such termination date. 
 
 (2) Change in Control . If a Change in Control occurs while your Service continues and prior to the Scheduled Vesting Date, then all of the unvested Units shall vest as of the date of the consummation of such Change in Control. 
 
 5. Forfeiture . Except as otherwise provided in accordance with Section 4 above, if you cease to be a Service Provider, you will forfeit all unvested Units. 
 
 6. Settlement of Units . 
 
 RSU Agreement Non-Employee Directors (2019 Plan October 10, 2023 Grant) Page 2 

(a) Unless you have elected to defer settlement of the Units, after any Units vest pursuant to Section 4, the Company shall, as soon as practicable (but no later than the 15 th day of the third calendar month following the Vesting Date), cause to be issued and delivered to you (or to your personal representative or your designated beneficiary or estate in the event of your death, as applicable) one Share in payment and settlement of each vested Unit. Delivery of the Shares shall be effected by the issuance of a stock certificate to you, by an appropriate entry in the stock register maintained by the Company s transfer agent with a notice of issuance provided to you, or by the electronic delivery of the Shares to a brokerage account you designate, and shall be subject to the tax provisions of Section 8 and compliance with all applicable legal requirements as provided in Section 16 of the Plan, and shall be in complete satisfaction and settlement of such vested Units. If the Units that vest include a fractional Unit, the Company shall round the number of vested Units to the nearest whole Unit prior to issuance of Shares as provided herein. 
 (b) If you have elected to defer the settlement of the Units Deferred Units pursuant to the terms of the Plan, after any Deferred Units vest pursuant to Section 4 the settlement of such Deferred Units shall be governed by the terms of the Plan and your related deferral election. 
 
 7. Dividend Equivalents . If the Company pays cash dividends on its Shares while any Units subject to this Agreement are outstanding, then the Company shall credit, as of each dividend payment date, a dollar amount of dividend equivalents to your account. The dollar amount of the dividend equivalents credited shall be determined by multiplying the number of Units credited to your account pursuant to this Agreement as of the dividend record date times the dollar amount of the cash dividend per Share. Your right to receive such accrued dividend equivalents shall vest, and the amount of the accrued dividend equivalents shall be paid in cash, to the same extent and at the same time as the underlying Units to which the dividend equivalents relate vest and are settled, as provided in Sections 4 and 6 of this Agreement. No interest shall accrue on any unpaid dividend equivalents. Any dividend equivalents accrued on Units that are forfeited in accordance with this Agreement shall also be forfeited. 
 
 8. Tax Consequences . No Shares will be delivered to you in settlement of vested Units unless you have made arrangements acceptable to the Company for payment of any federal, state, local or foreign taxes that may be due as a result of the delivery of the Shares. 
 9. Notices . Every notice or other communication relating to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be mailed to or delivered (including electronically) to the party for whom it is intended at such address as may from time to time be designated by it in a notice mailed or delivered to the other party as herein provided. Unless and until some other address is so designated, all notices or communications by you to the Company shall be mailed or delivered to the Company, to the attention of its Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, at its office at 13200 Pioneer Trail, Suite 150, Eden Prairie, MN 55347, slbogart winnebagoind.com, and all notices or communications by the Company to you may be given to you personally or may be mailed or, if you are still a Director, emailed to you at the address indicated in the Company's records as your most recent mailing or email address. 
 10. Additional Provisions . 
 (a) No Right to Continued Service . This Agreement does not give you a right to continued Service with the Company or any Affiliate, and the Company or any such Affiliate may terminate your Service at any time and otherwise deal with you without regard to the effect it may have upon you under this Agreement. 
 
 (b) Governing Plan Document . This Agreement and the Award are subject to all the provisions of the Plan, and to all interpretations, rules and regulations which may, from time to time, be adopted and promulgated by the Committee pursuant to the Plan. If there is any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. 
 
 (c) Governing Law . This Agreement, the parties performance hereunder, and the relationship between them shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Iowa, without giving effect to the choice of law principles thereof. 
 
 RSU Agreement Non-Employee Directors (2019 Plan October 10, 2023 Grant) Page 3 

(d) Severability . The provisions of this Agreement shall be severable and if any provision of this Agreement is found by any court to be unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remainder of this Agreement shall nevertheless be enforceable and binding on the parties. You also agree that any trier of fact may modify any invalid, overbroad or unenforceable provision of this Agreement so that such provision, as modified, is valid and enforceable under applicable law. 
 
 (e) Binding Effect . This Agreement will be binding in all respects on your heirs, representatives, successors and assigns, and on the successors and assigns of the Company. 
 
 (f) Section 409A of the Code . Except to the extent Participant has elected to defer the Units pursuant to the terms of the Plan and his or her related deferral election form, t he award of Units as provided in this Agreement and any issuance of Shares or payment pursuant to this Agreement are intended to be exempt from Section 409A of the Code under the short-term deferral exception specified in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-l(b)(4). 
 
 (g) Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may deliver any documents related to this Restricted Stock Unit Award by electronic means and request your acceptance of this Agreement by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive all applicable documentation by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line (and or voice activated) system established and maintained by the Company or the Company s third-party stock plan administrator. 
 
 By signing the cover page of this Agreement or otherwise accepting this Agreement in a manner approved by the Company, you agree to all the terms and conditions described above and in the Plan document 
 
 RSU Agreement Non-Employee Directors (2019 Plan October 10, 2023 Grant) Page 4 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-10.30>
 5
 donclark-secondamendedan.htm
 EX-10.30

donclark-secondamendedan 

</EX-10.30>

<EX-10.31>
 6
 dclark-secondamendedandr.htm
 EX-10.31

dclark-secondamendedandr 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-21>
 7
 exh21202310-k.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 at August 26, 2023 
 Jurisdiction of Percent of Name of Corporation Incorporation Ownership Winnebago Industries, Inc. Minnesota Parent Winnebago of Indiana, LLC Iowa 100 Grand Design RV, LLC Indiana 100 Winnebago Industries Holdco, LLC Delaware 100 Octavius Corporation Delaware 100 Chris Craft USA, Inc. Delaware 100 CC Marine Brand Acquisition, LLC Delaware 100 Chris Craft Corporation Delaware 100 CC Property Acquisition, LLC Delaware 100 Newmar Corporation Indiana 100 Barletta Boat Company, LLC Indiana 100 Lithionics Battery, LLC Florida 100 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 8
 exh23202310-k.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-31595, 333-47123, 333-113246, 333-194854, 333-222261 and 333-232220 on Form S-8 of our reports dated October 18, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Winnebago Industries, Inc. and the effectiveness of Winnebago Industries, Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 26, 2023. 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 
 Minneapolis, Minnesota 
 October 18, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 exh311202310-k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Michael J. Happe, Chief Executive Officer of Winnebago Industries, Inc., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Winnebago Industries, Inc. (the Registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this Annual Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Annual Report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this Annual Report fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Annual Report 
 
 4. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Annual Report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Annual Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report based on such evaluation 
 
 d. Disclosed in this Annual Report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in this case) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting 
 
 5. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of Registrant's Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 18, 2023 By s Michael J. Happe Michael J. Happe President, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 exh312202310-k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Bryan L. Hughes, Chief Financial Officer of Winnebago Industries, Inc., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Winnebago Industries, Inc. (the Registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this Annual Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Annual Report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this Annual Report fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Annual Report 
 
 4. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Annual Report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Annual Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report based on such evaluation 
 
 d. Disclosed in this Annual Report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in this case) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting 
 
 5. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of Registrant's Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 18, 2023 By s Bryan L. Hughes Bryan L. Hughes Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 exh321202310-k.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Michael J. Happe, Chief Executive Officer of Winnebago Industries, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify that to my knowledge 
 
 a. The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 26, 2023 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 
 
 b. The information contained in this Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date October 18, 2023 By s Michael J. Happe Michael J. Happe President, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 exh322202310-k.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Bryan L. Hughes, Chief Financial Officer of Winnebago Industries, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify that to my knowledge 
 
 a. The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 26, 2023 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 
 
 b. The information contained in this Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date October 18, 2023 By s Bryan L. Hughes Bryan L. Hughes Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 wgo-20230826.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 wgo-20230826_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 wgo-20230826_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 wgo-20230826_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 wgo-20230826_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

