<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231030_10-K_edgar_data_1041803_0001041803-23-000054.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14767184</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>468686</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2276753</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5885937</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3080818</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2730412</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001041803-23-000054.hdr.sgml : 20231030
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231030160501
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001041803-23-000054
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		136
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231030
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231030

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PRICESMART INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001041803
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-VARIETY STORES [5331]
		IRS NUMBER:				330628530
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22793
		FILM NUMBER:		231360197

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9740 SCRANTON ROAD
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8584048800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9740 SCRANTON ROAD
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001041803-23-000054.txt : 20231030

10-K
 1
 psmt-20230831.htm
 10-K

psmt-20230831 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ______ to 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer o 
 Non-accelerated filer o 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 The aggregate market value of the Registrant s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of the last day of the Registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter was based on the last reported sale price of 69.72 per share on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on February 28, 2023. 
 As of October 25, 2023, shares of Common Stock were outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 PRICESMART, INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR 
 THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED AUGUST 31, 2023 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 20 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 21 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 22 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 22 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 24 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 47 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 51 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 51 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 51 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 53 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 54 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 54 
 Item 11 . 
 Executive Compensation 
 54 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 54 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 54 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 54 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 55 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 58 
 Signatures 
 60 
 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This annual report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements concerning PriceSmart, Inc.'s ("PriceSmart", the "Company", "we" or "our") anticipated future revenues and earnings, adequacy of future cash flows, omni-channel initiatives, proposed warehouse club openings, the Company's performance relative to competitors and related matters. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements containing the words expect, believe, will, may, should, project, estimate, anticipated, scheduled, intend, and like expressions, and the negative thereof. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially including, but not limited to the risks detailed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors. Forward-looking statements are only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake to update these statements, except as required by law. In addition, these risks are not the only risks that the Company faces. The Company could also be affected by additional factors that apply to all companies operating globally and in the U.S., as well as other risks that are not presently known to the Company or that the Company currently considers to be immaterial. 
 
 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 General 
 PriceSmart was founded in 1996 by Sol and Robert Price, the creators of Price Club, the original warehouse club operator. The mission of PriceSmart is to operate its warehouse club business, in Central America, the Caribbean and Colombia, at operating standards as good as, or superior to, warehouse club operations in the United States. 
 As of August 31, 2023, we had 51 warehouse clubs in operation in Central America, the Caribbean and Colombia. PriceSmart currently operates 52 warehouse clubs and we believe it has become one of the most respected and trusted brands in the region. With nearly 2 million membership accounts and more than 3 million cardholders, PriceSmart is an essential part of the shopping experience for consumers and small businesses in PriceSmart s markets. 
 PriceSmart sources slightly more than half its merchandise from suppliers within the region, with the balance of merchandise sourced throughout the world. Product selection includes basic consumable merchandise for consumers and businesses, Member s Selection private label merchandise and unique consumable and non-consumable products that are often not otherwise available in its markets. 
 PriceSmart continually focuses on innovation. In recent years, PriceSmart has added optical, audiology, and pharmacy services in many of its locations. PriceSmart provides online shopping to our Members and offers both home delivery and curbside pickup. PriceSmart is also making significant investments in technology to both improve the online shopping experience for its Members and to enhance operating efficiencies in its supply chain and the back office. 
 With more than 11,000 employees, PriceSmart supports the best working conditions possible for its employees. We provide safe and pleasant working environments for our employees, along with excellent pay and benefits, including healthcare and retirement benefits. 
 PriceSmart is committed to improving the quality of life for people living in the communities in which it does business. The newly created PriceSmart Foundation, in partnership with Price Philanthropies Foundation, provides school supplies to more than 150,000 children, and eyeglasses to thousands of children through its Aprender y Crecer program. The Foundation also makes philanthropic donations to support work force development, small business entrepreneurship and to improve the environment. 
 We believe that operating our business at the highest standards, providing outstanding jobs for our employees and being good stewards of the communities in which we operate, result in PriceSmart being a good investment for our stockholders. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 The number of warehouse clubs for each country or territory were as follows : 
 Country/Territory Number of Warehouse Clubs in Operation as of August 31, 2022 Number of Warehouse Clubs in Operation as of August 31, 2023 Anticipated Warehouse Club Openings in Calendar Year 2023 Anticipated Warehouse Club Openings in Calendar Year 2024 Colombia 9 9 1 Costa Rica 8 8 Panama 7 7 Dominican Republic 5 5 Guatemala 5 5 1 Trinidad 4 4 Honduras 3 3 El Salvador 2 3 1 Nicaragua 2 2 Jamaica 2 2 Aruba 1 1 Barbados 1 1 U.S. Virgin Islands 1 1 Totals 50 51 2 1 
 Our warehouse clubs, one regional distribution center and several smaller local distribution centers are located in Latin America and the Caribbean, and our corporate headquarters, U.S. buying operations and our larger regional distribution center are located primarily in the United States. Our operating segments are the United States, Central America, the Caribbean and Colombia. 
 In September 2023, we opened a new warehouse club in Medell n, Colombia, bringing the total number of warehouse clubs in operation by the Company to 52. We have recently leased land and have plans to open our sixth warehouse club in Guatemala, located in Escuintla, approximately 40 miles south of the nearest club in the capital of Guatemala City. The club is being built on a five-acre property and is anticipated to open on November 30, 2023. We have also purchased land and plan to open our fourth warehouse club in El Salvador, located in Santa Ana, approximately 40 miles west from the nearest club in the capital of San Salvador. The club is being built on a five-acre property and is anticipated to open in early 2024. Once these two new clubs are open, we will operate 54 warehouse clubs. 
 
 We also export products to a retailer in the Philippines and are exploring expansion of that business in other markets. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Merchandising 
 A fundamental part of our value proposition is making available to our retail and business Members a selection of high quality merchandise and services sourced within our region and from around the world, at lower prices than our competitors. 
 We offer merchandise and services in the following categories: 
 Consumables, consisting primarily of groceries, cleaning supplies, and health and beauty aids, representing approximately 50 of our net merchandise sales; 
 Fresh Foods, including meat, produce, deli, seafood and poultry, representing approximately 29 of our net merchandise sales; 
 Hardlines, including electronics, large and small appliances, automotive, hardware, sporting goods, and seasonal products, representing approximately 11 of our net merchandise sales; 
 Softlines, including clothing, domestics and home furnishing products, representing approximately 5 of our net merchandise sales; 
 Food service and bakery, representing approximately 4 of our net merchandise sales; and 
 Health services, including optical, audiology and pharmacy, representing approximately 1 of our net merchandise sales. 
 Competitive Strengths 
 Low Operating Costs . Our club format is designed to move merchandise from suppliers to PriceSmart Members at a lower expense ratio than our competitors. We strive to achieve efficiencies in product distribution by minimizing the labor required to stock and display merchandise, limiting non-payroll operating expenses and maintaining low occupancy costs. For example, we offer a limited number of stock keeping units (SKUs) with large pack sizes, which allows us to keep shelves stocked with less labor cost than competitors that offer a greater number of SKUs. More recently, we also have opened distribution centers in certain of our high-volume markets to improve efficiency and in-stock rate, reduce lead times on high volume products, and mitigate risks of supply chain disruption. Our focus on lowering operating costs supports better value and lower prices for our Members, which we believe helps generate Member loyalty and renewals, which in turn leads to increased sales. 
 Membership. Our membership provides a competitive advantage. Membership targets a desirable demographic with strong purchasing power. Data we can access about our Members not only provides better connectivity with our Members, but also enables us to identify and pursue additional opportunities to provide value for our Members. Membership has been a basic operating characteristic in the warehouse club industry, beginning over 47 years ago at Price Club, the first membership warehouse club business. We believe membership promotes Member loyalty, and membership fees contribute to our ability to operate our business on lower margins than conventional retailers and wholesalers. Membership fees were equal to approximately 1.5 of net merchandise sales and 35.8 of operating income in fiscal year 2023. Our Members can sign up for and renew their memberships online, which gives us another valuable digital touch point with them. 
 We continue to expand our product and services offerings to our Members. One of our primary initiatives is the expansion of our wellness services, which include our optical, pharmacy and audiology departments. As of August 31, 2023, we had 49 optical locations, 10 pharmacies and 24 audiology locations open. We expect to continue the rollout of audiology to a majority of our clubs and markets in fiscal year 2024. In addition, we plan to increase the number of pharmacy locations by expanding this service in Panama and Guatemala. We believe that untapped opportunities exist to enhance the value of our membership further in various areas. We continue to explore opportunities to provide our Members with products and services that are particularly attractive to our unique membership base. 
 Business Members. Our product selection, larger pack sizes, and low prices appeal to both business and retail consumers. Business Members include a broad cross section of businesses such as restaurants, institutions including schools, and other businesses that purchase products for resale and supplies used in their businesses. These business Members represent a significant source of sales and profit and provide purchasing volume that gives us better prices from our suppliers. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Worldwide Sourcing. Approximately 48.5 of our sales come from merchandise sourced in the U.S., Asia and Europe. One of the primary advantages we have compared to most of our local competitors is our United States-based buying team that sources merchandise from suppliers in the U.S. and around the world. Our buyers identify and purchase new and exciting items, including our own Member s Selection private label products. Many of these products are available only at PriceSmart in the markets in which we operate. 
 Innovation. The warehouse club industry has been operating for almost 50 years, following the founding of Price Club in 1976. The world of merchandising has evolved during this period, particularly with respect to how technology impacts operational efficiencies and how consumers shop. We are leveraging technological innovations we have developed to enhance our worldwide sourcing of products and make these products available in our countries in a manner that meets current consumer preferences. We operate in multiple markets, many of which are relatively small, with different legal requirements, local buying opportunities, cultural norms, distribution and logistical challenges and Member preferences that require us to source the correct mix of local and imported merchandise. We believe that our future success is highly dependent on our capacity to continue to adapt and innovate to meet the needs of our current and future Members. We plan to expand our omni-channel offering to include additional services such as drop-ship and the creation of a digital business-to-business application. We also have developed better inbound and outbound online communication channels, and we are using data analytics to better understand our Members evolving preferences. 
 Experienced Management Team. Robert E. Price has served as PriceSmart's Interim Chief Executive Officer since February 2023 and has been Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company since its spin-off from Price Enterprises, Inc. in 1997. He served as Executive Chairman from October 2018 to February 2020. Mr. Price has served as Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company at various times during the Company s history, including as Chief Executive Officer from April 2006 until July 2010. Mr. Price was a founder of The Price Company, which operated the Price Club, and served as its Chief Executive Officer and a member of its board of directors from the time of The Price Company s founding in 1976. 
 John D. Hildebrandt became our Chief Operating Officer in May 2022 and our President in December 2022. He previously served as the Company s Executive Vice President Operations since February 2010. Before that office, Mr. Hildebrandt held various management positions with the Company dating back to 1997. Mr. Hildebrandt was a Senior Operations Manager of Price/Costco from 1994 through 1996 and served in various management roles for The Price Company beginning in 1979. 
 Michael L. McCleary is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. McCleary joined the Company in 2003 and has over 30 years of international finance, tax and accounting experience. 
 
 David N. Price has been a director of the Company since February 2022. Mr. Price has been an employee of the Company since July 2017, and was appointed as Executive Vice President and Chief Transformation Officer in July 2023. Several key areas now report to Mr. Price including Information Technology, PriceSmart.com, and the Project Management Office to foster better collaboration and alignment across the entire Company. He previously held the position of Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff to the Chairman of the Board and the Company s Interim Chief Executive Officer, Robert Price, from December 2022 to July 2023. From August 2021 to December 2022, Mr. Price served the Company as Vice President for Environmental and Social Responsibility and had previously served as the Company s Vice President for Omnichannel Initiatives and Environmental and Social Responsibility. From August 2018 to August 2020, Mr. Price was employed as a Director in our E-Commerce division. 
 Francisco Velasco has been Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of the Company since July 2016 and Chief Ethics Compliance Officer since October 2016. Prior to joining PriceSmart, Mr. Velasco served as Division Counsel Latin America for AbbVie Inc., a publicly traded global biopharmaceutical company and he held in-house legal roles at Abbott Laboratories, Hanes Brands Inc. and Sara Lee Corporation, and he began his career in private practice specializing in the Latin America region. 
 In addition to these executives, many other members of our management team have extensive career experience in the warehouse club business, including some who learned the warehouse club business from their time at Price Club. Their experience and knowledge represent a key strength and competitive advantage for our Company. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Growth 
 As we look to the future, our Company is focused on three major drivers of growth: 
 Invest in Remodeling Current PriceSmart Clubs, Adding New PriceSmart Locations and Opening More Distribution Centers 
 Increase Membership Value 
 Drive Incremental Sales via PriceSmart.com and Enhanced Online, Digital and Technological Capabilities 
 I. Invest in Remodeling Current PriceSmart Clubs, Adding New PriceSmart Locations and Opening More Distribution Centers. We believe that one of the quickest and most effective ways to increase sales and profitability is to increase the size of our existing warehouse clubs and the number of parking spaces at our high-volume locations. For instance, we are currently remodeling our clubs in San Pedro Sula, Honduras, Santiago, Dominican Republic, and Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago. We are also currently expanding one of our clubs in San Salvador, El Salvador. We've recently entered into a lease agreement to relocate and extend our lease life for our Miraflores club, which is our highest selling location in Guatemala. The new warehouse will have increased sales floor square footage and a greater number of parking spaces, along with covered parking for our Members. We continue to pursue opportunities to add new warehouse clubs in our existing markets and to assess opportunities in new markets. In September 2023, we opened a new warehouse club in Medell n, Colombia. On November 30, 2023, we plan to open our sixth warehouse club in Guatemala in the city of Escuintla. Additionally, we have plans to open a new warehouse club in Santa Ana, El Salvador, in early 2024. Our distribution network currently consists of major distribution centers in Miami and Costa Rica, complemented by varying distribution facilities in other markets. Based on our experience with the Costa Rica distribution center, we believe that investing in similar distribution centers in other major markets will play a strategic role in a variety of ways. In addition to major distribution centers, PriceSmart has been investing in produce distribution centers, which enable us to purchase, process and package produce we purchase directly from farms in our markets as well as imported produce. 
 II. Increase Membership Value. We are seeking to attract more Members and retain our current Members by expanding the benefits of being a Member of PriceSmart. As benefits grow and the value of being a PriceSmart Member increases, adjustments to the membership fee may be warranted. A larger membership base and higher membership fee contribute to the bottom line of the business and can be reinvested in providing better pricing to our Members. We focus on growth of our membership base, Member renewal rates and spend per Member as part of determining how Members see our value. By adding more benefits that Members can only obtain with us, we believe we can achieve growth in the number of Members, which drives Membership income and Merchandise sales. Recent examples of enhancements we have made to the value of membership include: additional services, such as the ability for all of our Members to transact on PriceSmart.com; pickup and delivery service in our clubs; and the implementation and expansion of our Well-being initiative, which offers optical services with free eye exams for our Members and additional members of their families and lower prices on discounted eyeglass frames, audiology services with free hearing exams and deeply discounted hearing aids, and, in some of our markets, pharmacies. Another way we enhance Membership value is through our private label offering, Member s Selection a brand that is available only to PriceSmart Members. We believe the Member s Selection brand carries goodwill and is recognized in our markets for value. Private label products also provide the opportunity to source quality items locally. Select local sourcing has multiple benefits, including support of local communities in which we operate by enhancing business activity and creating direct and indirect jobs, mitigation of foreign currency exchange risk, and reduced supply chain exposure. These initiatives offer additional benefits and services for our Members, whether they choose to shop on-line, in-club, or both. In fiscal year 2023, our private label sales represented 26.3 of total merchandise sales, up from 24.7 for fiscal year 2022, and we plan to continue to invest in the development of additional private label products under the Member s Selection brand. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 III. Increase Sales via PriceSmart.com and Enhanced Online, Digital and Technological Capabilities . We recognize the growing expectation of consumers in our markets for convenience. As a result, we continue to improve the functionality and content of PriceSmart.com and to expand our product offerings available online. We also build and apply technological tools to continue to learn more about and strengthen our relationships with each of our Members. Using data analytics, we believe we have been able to provide our Members with enhancements to the membership experience. PriceSmart.com provides the opportunity for us to continually strengthen and expand the scope of our relationship with each Member and offer incremental products and services in the future. Our PriceSmart.com offering provides data that informs us regarding the potential viability of new clubs in new areas and offers us options to serve and expand into new markets without the need for a traditional brick mortar club location. We also invest in technology to capture operational efficiencies and enhance our decision-making for the dynamic environments in which we we do business. 
 Distribution Efficiency 
 We have consistently believed that distribution efficiency is fundamental for success in selling merchandise in our traditional clubs, and in today s world, this principle holds true for purchases made online. Because PriceSmart sources merchandise from all over the world and especially in the United States, and because we are doing business in countries where infrastructure roads and ports is not as developed as in the United States, distribution efficiency is even more significant for us. Our ability to move products efficiently and in a timely manner from the suppliers to our Members is key to the cost structure of our business and, consequentially, to how low we can price our products for our Members. 
 Historically, our international suppliers and especially our U.S. suppliers have generally shipped their products to our Miami distribution facility where they are received and assigned to various containers for direct shipment to our locations. Regional and in-country suppliers have shipped directly to our locations. As our location sales volumes have grown, we have routed more products from international, regional and local suppliers to regional and local distribution centers in order to improve in-stocks, reduce inventory weeks of supply, reduce logistics costs and improve working capital. 
 In addition to our Miami distribution facility, we have a large regional distribution center located in the metropolitan area of San Jose, Costa Rica. This 165,000 square foot facility distributes both dry and refrigerated products primarily to PriceSmart clubs in Costa Rica and also ships some products to other clubs in Central America. We anticipate that our Costa Rica distribution center will also be fulfilling online orders for our Members, especially higher ticket products, such as major appliances. Recently, we leased an approximately 120,000 square foot building in Panama City, Panama that will serve as a distribution center for our warehouse clubs in Panama. This distribution center will operate in a similar way to our distribution center in Costa Rica. Our management team is engaged in a comprehensive study for improving our distribution infrastructure, to better serve our Members, lower the net landed cost of our merchandise, enhance operating efficiencies and lower the construction and equipment costs for our warehouse clubs. 
 PriceSmart's Membership Policy 
 We offer three types of memberships: Diamond, Business and Platinum. 
 The Diamond Membership is targeted at individuals and families. The annual fee for a Diamond Membership (entitling Members to two cards), in most markets as of August 31, 2023 was approximately 35 (excluding tax). In Colombia, we raised the Diamond Membership fee to 132,000 COP in January 2023, yielding a current Membership price of approximately 32. 
 The Company currently offers the Platinum Membership program in all thirteen of its markets. The annual fee for a Platinum Membership in most markets is approximately 75 (excluding tax). The Platinum Membership provides Members with a 2 rebate on most items, up to an annual maximum of 500. Platinum Members can apply this rebate to future purchases at the warehouse club at the end of the annual membership period. The rebate is issued annually to Platinum Members on March 1 and expires August 31. Any rebate amount not redeemed by August 31 is recognized as breakage revenue. 
 Following many years where our annual membership fee for two cards has been 35 in most markets 75 for Platinum), we recently decided to raise our fee by 5 in most markets for all membership types. We expect these fee increases to take place on a staggered basis in most countries during fiscal year 2024. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 We promote our Business Membership by offering certain merchandise targeted primarily to businesses such as restaurants, hotels, convenience stores, offices and institutions. In most markets, our Business Members pay an annual membership fee of approximately 35 for a primary and secondary membership card and approximately 10 for additional add-on membership cards. Only businesses can qualify for a Business Membership. 
 Members can now sign-up and renew their memberships as well as choose auto-renewal online. 
 We recognize membership income over the 12-month term of the membership. Deferred membership income was 31.1 million and 28.0 million as of August 31, 2023 and August 31, 2022, respectively. Our membership agreements provide that if our Members cancel their membership in the first 60 days, they will receive a full refund. After the initial 60 day period, Members may receive a refund for the prorated share of their remaining membership fee if they so request. 
 Our Intellectual Property Rights 
 It is our policy to obtain appropriate intellectual property rights protection for trademarks by filing applications for registration of eligible trademarks with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and in certain foreign countries. We also rely on copyright and trade secret laws to protect our proprietary rights. We attempt to protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information through agreements with our employees, consultants and suppliers. There can be no assurance, however, that we will be successful in protecting our proprietary rights. While we believe that our trademarks, copyrights and other proprietary know how have significant value, changing technology and the competitive marketplace make our future success dependent principally upon our employees technical competence and creative skills for continuing innovation. 
 Our Competition 
 Our international merchandising business competes with a wide range of international, regional, national and local retailers, and traditional wholesale distributors. We compete in a variety of ways, including the prices at which we sell our merchandise, merchandise selection and availability, services offered to customers, location, store hours and the shopping convenience and overall shopping experience we offer. We also prioritize above all the safety of our Members and our employees. Some of our competitors may have greater resources, buying power and name recognition. In the countries in which we operate, we do not currently face direct competition from U.S. membership warehouse club operators. However, we do face competition from various retail formats such as hypermarkets, supermarkets, convenience stores, cash and carry outlets, home improvement centers, electronic retailers and specialty stores, including those within Latin America that are owned and operated by large U.S. and international retailers, including Walmart, Inc. in Central America and Grupo xito and Cencosud in Colombia. We have competed effectively in our markets in the past and expect to continue to do so in the future due to the unique nature of the membership warehouse club format. It is possible that additional warehouse club operators may decide to enter our markets and compete more directly with a similar warehouse club format. We also face competition from online retailers, such as Amazon.com, Inc. and Mercado Libre in Colombia, and last-mile delivery services that serve our markets, and we expect that this type of competition will grow and intensify in the future. We also face competition from wholesale trade companies. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Human Capital 
 As of August 31, 2023, we had approximately 11,000 employees. Approximately 96 of our employees were employed outside of the United States, and about 1,800 employees were represented by labor unions. 
 Developing a Diverse Workforce Representative of Our Markets 
 Fundamental to our mission is the ability to attract, retain, and develop a diverse workforce representative of the countries in which we operate. We are proud to hire from the local communities where we operate, which then enhances our understanding of the legislation and operating environment of each country, so we can better serve our Members. We believe we provide our employees with excellent wages, as well as comprehensive benefit programs, which generally include life and health insurance and post-employment savings plans. We also seek to identify opportunities to support local businesses and communities, with the goal of improving the quality of life in the countries where we operate. 
 Talent Development and Learning 
 Providing employees with equal opportunities for development is a key focus for PriceSmart, and we strive to provide opportunities for each team member to learn and grow. We believe a focus on talent development leads to long-serving, loyal employees, which improves efficiencies in operations, thus resulting in higher quality service to our Members. In fiscal year 2023, we held more than 2,700 corporate talent development learning sessions, which included general leadership training as well as women-specific leadership training, in addition to courses on emotional intelligence and motivating employees. In addition, we offer a robust range of courses in technical and language skills, as well as instruction in wellness and valuable life tools such as the principles of managing personal or household finances, raising resilient children, and how to maintain healthy boundaries and a good work-life balance. 
 We also seek to promote from within, allowing us to develop the leadership strengths of our employees to provide a better overall customer experience for our Members. 
 Engaging our team through internal events Diversity Inclusion. 
 We strive to create a work environment that fosters a sense of belonging, inclusion, growth, and engagement for all our team members. Each month we facilitate a wide range of activities in the countries in which we operate, including celebrations of birthdays and work anniversaries, volunteering, employee appreciation, and health and wellness events, and recreational opportunities such as football (soccer) games and 5K runs. We also send company-wide communications to celebrate events that recognize diversity and cultural heritage and educate team members about the history and significance of these events. 
 The activities we facilitate do more than bring employees together. They create platforms for celebrating our diversity, enriching our experiences, and fueling our shared journey toward success. In addition to promoting knowledge sharing, they empower our employees to grow personally and professionally, fostering an inclusive environment where we celebrate unique perspectives and strengthen our organizational culture. 
 Seasonality 
 Historically, our merchandising businesses have experienced holiday retail seasonality in their markets. In addition to seasonal fluctuations, our operating results fluctuate quarter-to-quarter as a result of economic and political events in markets that we serve, the timing of holidays, weather, the timing of shipments, product mix, and currency effects on the cost of U.S.-sourced products which may make these products more or less expensive in local currencies and therefore more or less affordable. Because of such fluctuations, the results of operations of any quarter are not indicative of the results that may be achieved for a full fiscal year or any future quarter. In addition, there can be no assurance that our future results will be consistent with past results or the projections of securities analysts. 
 Other Information 
 PriceSmart, Inc. was incorporated in the State of Delaware in 1994. Our principal executive offices are located at 9740 Scranton Road, San Diego, California 92121. Our telephone number is (858) 404-8800. Our website home page on the Internet is www.pricesmart.com. We make our website content available for information purposes only. It should not be relied upon for investment purposes, nor is it incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Available Information 
 The PriceSmart, Inc. investor relations website or internet address is https://investors.pricesmart.com. On this website we make available, free of charge, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports, and the annual report to the stockholders as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such material with or furnishing it to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Our SEC reports can be accessed through the investor relations section of our website under SEC Filings. Additionally, the SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. We will make available our annual report on Form 10-K and our annual Proxy Statement for the fiscal year 2023 at the internet address http://materials.proxyvote.com/741511 as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such material with or furnishing it to the SEC. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 In evaluating the Company s business, you should consider the following discussion of risk factors, in addition to other information contained in this report and in the Company s other public filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Any such risks could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, financial condition, liquidity and prospects. However, the risks described below are not the only risks facing us. Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that apply to all companies operating in the U.S. and globally. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or those we currently view to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and prospects. 
 External Factors that Could Adversely Affect Us 
 Negative economic conditions created or exacerbated by inflation, and higher interest rates could adversely impact our business in various respects. 
 A slowdown in the economies of one or more of the countries in which we operate or adverse changes in economic conditions affecting discretionary consumer spending could adversely affect consumer demand for the products we sell, change the mix of products we sell to a mix with a lower average gross margin, cause a slowdown in discretionary purchases of goods, adversely affect our net sales or result in slower inventory turnover and greater markdowns of inventory. 
 The retail food business is hypersensitive to general changes in economic conditions. A significant decline in the economies of the countries in which our warehouse clubs are located may adversely affect our operating results. Economic conditions such as contraction in the financial market, increased governmental ownership or regulation of the economy, higher interest rates, high rates of inflation or deflation, higher fuel prices, increased barriers to entry such as higher tariffs and taxes, and other macroeconomic factors that affect consumer spending may adversely affect the demand for and prices of the products we sell in our warehouse clubs. 
 The economic factors that affect our operations may also adversely affect the operations of our suppliers, which can result in an increase in the cost to us of the goods we sell to our customers or, in more extreme cases, in certain suppliers not producing goods in the volume typically available to us. 
 Our profitability is vulnerable to cost increases. 
 Future increases in costs, such as the cost of merchandise, wage and benefits costs, shipping rates, freight costs, fuel costs, utilities and other store occupancy costs, may reduce our profitability. We seek to adjust our product sales pricing, operate more efficiently, and increase our comparable store net sales to offset inflation, currency rate changes, changes in tax rates or in the methods used to calculate or collect taxes on our sales or income and other factors that can increase costs. We might not be able to adjust prices, operate more efficiently or increase our comparable store net sales in the future to a great enough extent to offset increased costs. Inflationary pressures in general and significant foreign currency devaluation such as in our Colombian market affected our ability to adjust prices during most of fiscal year 2023. Please see Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of this Form 10-K for further discussion of the effect of currency rate changes, inflation and other economic factors on our operations. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Our financial performance is dependent on international operations, which exposes us to various risks. 
 Our international operations account for nearly all of our total revenues. Our financial performance is subject to risks inherent in operating and expanding our international membership warehouse club business, which include: 
 changes in, and inconsistent enforcement of, laws and regulations, including those related to tariffs and taxes; 
 the imposition of foreign and domestic governmental controls, including expropriation risks; 
 natural disasters; 
 trade restrictions, including import-export quotas and general restrictions on importation; 
 difficulty and costs associated with international sales and the administration of an international merchandising business; 
 crime and security concerns that can adversely affect the economies of the countries in which we operate and which require us to incur additional costs to provide additional security at our warehouse clubs; 
 political instability, such as the protests and civil unrest in Colombia in 2022 and 2021, in Honduras and Nicaragua in 2019, and a general strike in Costa Rica in 2018; 
 product registration, permitting and regulatory compliance; 
 volatility in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 general economic and business conditions; 
 pandemics; and 
 interruption of our supply chain. 
 These risks may result in disruption to our sales, banking transactions, operations and merchandise shipments, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. For example, the Colombian peso exchange rate with the U.S. dollar devalued approximately 15 on average throughout fiscal year 2023 compared to fiscal year 2022 reducing our U.S. dollar value of sales and negatively affecting overall demand for our merchandise in Colombia. As a result, beginning later in the second quarter of fiscal year 2023, we strategically held pricing steady across several product categories of our U.S. merchandise imported into Colombia instead of increasing the prices to reflect the rising costs of these items. This action adversely impacted our Total Gross Margin percentage for our Colombia segment and our Company overall during the third quarter of fiscal year 2023. In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, the Colombian peso began to strengthen; however, we continued to hold pricing steady which resulted in margins improving from the results of the third quarter. However, if the peso were to weaken again and we hold pricing steady or take pricing actions to lower the cost to our Members to mitigate a decrease in demand, then consolidated Total Gross Margins could be negatively impacted. Fluctuations in exchange rates for foreign currencies have and could continue to reduce the U.S. dollar value of sales, earnings and cash flows we receive from our non-U.S. markets, increase our supply costs (as measured in U.S. dollars) in those markets, negatively impact our competitiveness in those markets or otherwise adversely impact our business results or financial condition. 
 In the spring of 2020, the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic resulted in government authorities in our markets taking actions to mitigate the spread of COVID-19, including travel restrictions, border closings, restrictions on public gatherings, stay-at-home orders and other quarantine and isolation measures. Our business depends heavily on the uninterrupted operation of our distribution facilities located in Miami, Florida and San Jose, Costa Rica, our warehouse clubs located in Colombia, Central America and the Caribbean, and our headquarters and buying operations in San Diego, California. The operation of all of our facilities is highly dependent on our employees who staff these locations, and the coronavirus, or similar pandemics, could directly threaten the health of our employees and Members. It also resulted in delays or difficulty sourcing products, which negatively affected our business and financial results. Certain of our suppliers had their manufacturing operations disrupted by the outbreak, and were subject to significant shipping delays impacting our supply chain. Pandemics or events of this sort have had, and may have in the future, an adverse effect on our business. 
 Political and other factors in each of our markets may have significant effects on our business. For example, roadblocks arose in Guatemala in October 2023 following instability from recent elections. In addition, roadblocks also arose in Panama in October 2023 disrupting traffic to our clubs throughout most of the market as a reaction to an agreement between the Panamanian government and a mining company. The civil unrest in Colombia paralyzed significant portions of the country s infrastructure as roadblocks and riots disrupted normal economic activity during the third quarter of fiscal year 2021. Austerity and tax reform measures for Colombia and other Latin American countries with high national debt levels and income disparity pose a risk for political instability. Similar unrest happened in Nicaragua and Honduras in 2019; Costa Rica also had a general strike against tax reform measures that significantly impeded regular economic activity in 2018. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 We face significant competition. 
 Our international warehouse club business competes with exporters, importers, wholesalers, local retailers and trading companies in various international markets. Some of our competitors have greater resources, buying power and name recognition than we have. We also face competition from online retailers who serve our markets, and we expect that this type of competition will grow and intensify in the future. 
 In the countries in which we operate, we do not currently face direct competition from U.S. membership warehouse club operators. However, we do face competition from various retail formats such as hypermarkets, supermarkets, cash and carry outlets, home improvement centers, electronic retailers and specialty stores, including those within Latin America that are owned and operated by large U.S. and international retailers, including Walmart Inc. in Central America and Grupo xito and Cencosud in Colombia. We have noted that certain retailers are making investments in upgrading their locations which may result in increased competition. Further, it is possible that current U.S. warehouse club operators may decide to enter our markets and compete more directly with us in a similar warehouse club format. Our ability to operate profitably in our markets, particularly small markets, may be adversely affected by the existence or entry of competing warehouse clubs or discount retailers. 
 We compete in a variety of ways, including the value and prices at which we sell our merchandise, merchandise selection and availability, services offered to Members, location, store hours, safety protocols and the shopping convenience and overall shopping experience we offer. We may be required to implement price reductions to remain competitive if any of our competitors reduce prices in any of our markets. In response to the increasing threat associated with online retailers, we are making technology investments, which may result in increases in the use of cash and reduced profitability in the near term. 
 Our sales could be adversely affected if one or more major international online retailers were to enter our markets or if other competitors were to offer a superior online experience. 
 Although online sales are currently a smaller proportion of total sales in our markets for the types of merchandise we offer than in the U.S., online shopping is becoming more prevalent in our markets as we and our competitors begin to offer more opportunities for online shopping and as delivery systems in our markets improve. While major international online retailers have not established a significant penetration in any of our markets, Amazon.com, Inc. continues to expand its online marketplace and make additional investments to bolster its presence in Colombia. Also, it is possible that Amazon.com, Inc. or smaller regional companies will increase the penetration of online shopping in the rest of our markets. 
 We continue to invest in our websites and systems with the long-term objective of offering our Members a seamless omni-channel experience through PriceSmart.com, which includes both curbside pickup and delivery in all markets. Operating an e-commerce platform and fulfillment of online orders is a complex undertaking, and there is no guarantee that the resources we have applied to this effort will result in increased revenues or improved operating performance. If we do not maintain a successful and relevant omni-channel experience for our Members, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We are exposed to significant weather events and other natural disaster risks that might not be adequately compensated by insurance, and we are susceptible to the long-term impacts of climate change. 
 Our operations are subject to volatile weather conditions and natural disasters, such as earthquakes, hurricanes and volcanic activity, which are encountered periodically in the regions in which our warehouse clubs and other facilities are located. Natural disasters could result in physical damage to, or the complete loss of, one or more of our properties, the closure of one or more clubs or distribution centers, limitations on store or club operating hours, the lack of an adequate work force in a market, the inability of customers and employees to reach our clubs, the unavailability of our digital platforms to our customers, disruption in the supply of products or increases in the costs of procuring products. For example, in early fiscal year 2018, operations at our USVI warehouse club were adversely affected by Hurricanes Irma and Maria. The warehouse club was closed for nine days, and after re-opening, the warehouse club operated with limited hours for 16 days due to a government-imposed curfew. Damaged and destroyed roads restricted traffic flow, adversely affecting customer access for some time after the hurricane. Future losses from business interruption may not be adequately compensated by insurance and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Furthermore, the long-term impacts of climate change, whether involving physical risks (such as extreme weather conditions, drought, or rising sea levels) or transition risks (such as regulatory or technology changes) are expected to be widespread and unpredictable. Physical risks include extreme storms that damage or destroy our buildings and inventory or interrupt our business operations and supply chain and temperature changes that increase the heating and cooling costs at clubs and distribution and fulfillment centers. We also may experience changes in energy and commodity prices driven by climate change as well as new regulatory requirements resulting in higher compliance risk and operational costs. 
 We face difficulties in the shipment of, and risks inherent in the importation of, merchandise to our warehouse clubs. 
 Our warehouse clubs typically import nearly half or more of the merchandise that they sell. This merchandise originates from various countries and is transported over long distances, over water and over land, which results in: 
 substantial lead times needed between the procurement and delivery of products, thus complicating merchandising and inventory controls; 
 the possible loss of products due to theft or potential damage to, or destruction of, ships or containers delivering goods; 
 product markdowns due to the prohibitive cost of returning merchandise upon importation; 
 product registration, tariffs, customs and shipping regulation issues in the locations we ship to and from; 
 ocean freight and duty costs; and 
 possible governmental restrictions on the importation of merchandise. 
 
 In addition, as a result of COVID-19 and the measures designed to contain the spread of the virus, we faced and may again face delays or difficulty sourcing products, which could negatively affect our business and financial results. Certain of our suppliers had their manufacturing operations disrupted by the coronavirus outbreak and, even when goods had been completed, they often were subject to weeks-long shipping delays. If our third-party suppliers operations are curtailed, again, or transportation systems are disrupted, we may need to seek alternate sources of supply, which may be more expensive. If the production and distribution closures were to resume for an extended period of time, the impact on our supply chain could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. 
 Civil unrest in certain countries in which we operate may adversely affect the flow of goods through those countries. For example, in October 2023, protestors in Guatemala erected roadblocks limiting access to some of our warehouse clubs in that country. In April 2021, protestors in Colombia erected roadblocks inside and between major cities and damaged public transport, businesses and state buildings, which disrupted the normal flow of goods and economic activity. In 2019, political and civil unrest in Honduras and Nicaragua resulted in roadblocks in many portions of these countries. Any restriction in the movement of goods through Costa Rica s ports or over Honduras and Nicaragua s highways could impair our ability to supply warehouse clubs not just in those countries, but in countries throughout the region as well. 
 Moreover, each country in which we operate has different governmental rules and regulations regarding the importation of foreign products. Changes to the rules and regulations governing the importation of merchandise may result in additional delays, costs or barriers in our deliveries of products to our warehouse clubs or may affect the type of products we select to import. In addition, only a limited number of transportation companies service our regions. The inability or failure of one or more key transportation companies to provide transportation services to us, any collusion among the transportation companies regarding shipping prices or terms, changes in the regulations that govern shipping tariffs or the importation of products, or any other disruption to our ability to import our merchandise could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to payment related risks, including risks to the security of payment card information. 
 We accept payments using an increasing variety of methods, including cash, checks, wire transfers, our co-branded credit cards and a variety of other credit and debit cards. Our operations, like those of most retailers, require the transmission of information associated with cashless payments. As we offer new payment options to our Members, we may be subject to additional rules, regulations and compliance requirements, along with the risk of higher fraud losses. For certain payment methods, we pay interchange and other related card acceptance fees, along with additional transaction processing fees. We rely on third parties to provide secure and reliable payment transaction processing services, including the processing of credit and debit cards, and it could disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. We are also subject to payment card association and network operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change over time. If we fail to comply with these rules or transaction processing requirements, we may not be able to accept certain payment methods. In addition, if our internal systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for banks compromised card re-issuance costs, we may be subject to fines and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept credit and/or debit card payments from our Members, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Failures or disruptions in data communication and transfer services also could significantly impact our ability to transact payments to vendors and process credit and debit card transactions. Lastly, we or our customers may experience spoofing transactions, particularly with respect to wire transfers, which could cause us to make payments to impostor vendors or result in our not receiving timely payment from customers for merchandise we have sold. 
 We face the possibility of operational interruptions related to union work stoppages . 
 We currently have labor unions in three of our markets (Trinidad, Barbados and Panama). A work stoppage or other limitation on operations from union or other labor-related matters could occur for any number of reasons, including as a result of disputes under existing collective bargaining agreements with labor unions or in connection with negotiation of new collective bargaining agreements. A lengthy work stoppage or significant limitation on operations could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation. 
 Risks Associated with Our Business Strategy and Operations 
 Any failure by us to manage our widely dispersed operations could adversely affect our business. 
 As of August 31, 2023, we had 51 warehouse clubs in operation, located in 12 countries and one U.S. territory (nine in Colombia; eight in Costa Rica ; seven in Panama ; five in the Dominican Republic and Guatemala ; four in Trinidad ; three in Honduras and El Salvador; two each in Nicaragua and Jamaica; and one each in Aruba, Barbados and the United States Virgin Islands) . We will need to continually evaluate the adequacy of our existing infrastructure, systems and procedures, financial controls, operating controls, inventory, and safety controls and make upgrades from time to time. Moreover, we will be required to continually analyze the sufficiency of our inventory distribution channels and systems and may require additional or expanded facilities in order to support our operations. We may not adequately anticipate all the changing demands that will be imposed on these systems. Any failure of our systems or our inability to effectively update our internal systems or procedures as required could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We might not identify in a timely manner or effectively respond to changes in consumer preferences for merchandise, which could adversely affect our relationship with Members, demand for our products and market share. 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to identify and respond to trends in demographics and changes in consumer preferences for merchandise. It is difficult to consistently and successfully predict the products and services our Members will demand. Failure to timely identify or respond effectively to changing consumer tastes, preferences or spending patterns could adversely affect our relationship with our Members, the demand for our products and our market share. If we are not successful at predicting sales trends and adjusting purchases accordingly, we might have too much or too little inventory of certain products. If we buy too much of a product, we might be required to reduce prices or otherwise liquidate the excess inventory, which could have an adverse effect on margins (net sales less merchandise costs) and operating income. If we do not have sufficient quantities of a popular product, we might lose sales and profits we otherwise could have made. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Future sales growth depends, in part, on our ability to successfully open new warehouse clubs in our existing and new markets . 
 Sales growth at existing warehouse clubs can be impacted by, among other things, the physical limitations of the warehouse clubs, which restrict the amount of merchandise that can be safely stored and displayed in the warehouse clubs and the number of Members that can be accommodated during business hours. As a result, sales growth will depend, in part, upon our acquiring suitable sites for additional warehouse clubs. Land for purchase or lease, or buildings to be leased, in the size and locations in those markets that would be suitable for new PriceSmart warehouse clubs may be limited in number or not be available or financially feasible. In this regard, we compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations. Additionally, local land use, environmental and other regulations restricting the construction and operation of our warehouse clubs may impact our ability to find suitable locations, and increase the cost of constructing, leasing and operating our warehouse clubs. We have experienced these limitations in Colombia and in some of our other existing markets, which has negatively affected our growth rates in those markets. Limitations on the availability of appropriate sites for new warehouse clubs in the areas targeted by us could have a material adverse effect on the future growth of PriceSmart. 
 In some cases, we have more than one warehouse club in a single metropolitan area, and we may open new warehouse clubs in certain areas where we already have warehouse clubs. A new warehouse club in an area already served by existing warehouse clubs may draw Members away from existing warehouse clubs and adversely affect comparable store sales performance. We operate in relatively small markets. Given the growth of our sales over the past few years, market saturation could impact the rate of future sales growth. 
 We might open warehouse clubs in new markets in the future. The risks associated with entering a new market include potential difficulties in attracting Members due to a lack of familiarity with us and our lack of familiarity with local Member preferences. In addition, entry into new markets may bring us into competition with new competitors or with existing competitors with a large, established market presence. As a result, our new warehouse clubs might not be successful in new markets. 
 Failure to grow our e-commerce business through the integration of physical and digital retail channels and the investments we are making to develop a robust e-commerce platform could materially adversely affect our market position, net sales and/or financial performance. 
 The retail business is quickly evolving, and consumers are increasingly embracing shopping online and through mobile commerce applications. As a result, the portion of total consumer expenditures with all retailers and wholesale clubs occurring online and through mobile commerce applications is increasing and the pace of this increase could accelerate. As demonstrated by our launch of our PriceSmart.com curbside pickup and delivery service, we are increasing our investments in e-commerce, technology and other customer initiatives. The success of our e-commerce initiative continues to depend in large measure on our ability to build and deliver a seamless shopping experience across the physical and digital retail channels. If we fail to successfully implement our e-commerce initiative, our market position, net sales and financial performance could be adversely affected. In addition, a greater concentration of e-commerce sales could result in a reduction in the amount of traffic in our warehouse clubs, which would, in turn, reduce the opportunities for cross-club sales of merchandise that such traffic creates and could reduce our sales within our clubs, materially adversely affecting the financial performance of the physical retail side of our operations. In addition, our investments in e-commerce and technology initiatives will adversely impact our short-term financial performance, and our failure to realize the benefits of these investments may adversely impact our financial performance over the longer term. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to risks associated with our dependence on third-party suppliers and service providers, and we have no assurances of continued supply, pricing or access to new merchandise. 
 We have important ongoing relationships with various third-party suppliers of services and merchandise. These include, but are not limited to, local, regional, and international merchandise suppliers, information technology suppliers, equipment suppliers, financial institutions, credit card issuers and processors, and lessors. Significant changes in the relationships or the agreements that govern the terms through which business is conducted could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have no assurances of continued supply, pricing or access to new merchandise, and any supplier could at any time change the terms upon which it sells to us or discontinue selling to us. One of our significant suppliers operates a warehouse club business and may in the future seek to compete with us in some of our markets. In addition, the manner in which we acquire merchandise, either directly from the supplier s parent company or through a local subsidiary or distributor, is subject to change from time to time based on changes initiated by the supplier and for reasons beyond our control. Significant changes or disruptions in how we acquire merchandise from these suppliers could negatively affect our access to such merchandise, as well as the cost of merchandise to us and hence our Members, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Our failure to maintain our brand and reputation could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Our success depends on our ability to continue to preserve and enhance our brand and reputation. Damage to the PriceSmart brand could adversely impact merchandise sales, diminish Member trust, reduce Member renewal rates and impair our ability to add new Members. A failure to maintain and enhance our reputation also could lead to loss of new opportunities or employee retention and recruiting difficulties. Negative incidents, such as a data breach or product recall, can quickly erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse publicity, governmental investigations or litigation. In particular, the propagation of negative publicity on social media, whether merited or not, can have a damaging effect on our business in one or more markets. In addition, we sell many products under our private label Member s Selection brand. If we do not maintain consistent product quality of our Member s Selection products, which generally carry higher margins than national brand products carried in our warehouse clubs, our net warehouse sales and gross margin results could be adversely affected and Member loyalty could be harmed. Also, accidents or personal injuries that sometimes occur in our facilities, such as a Member slipping and falling or product falling from a rack, could result in negative publicity or otherwise damage the Company's reputation. 
 We face the risk of exposure to product liability claims, a product recall and adverse publicity. 
 If our merchandise, such as food and prepared food products for human consumption, medication, children's products, pet products and durable goods, do not meet or are perceived not to meet applicable safety standards or our Members expectations regarding safety, we could experience lost sales, increased costs, litigation or reputational harm. The sale of these items exposes us to the risk of product liability claims, a product recall and adverse publicity. We may inadvertently redistribute food products or prepare food products that are contaminated, which may result in illness, injury or death if the contaminants are not eliminated by processing at the food service or consumer level. We package and market fresh produce products within our markets, so we may be exposed to additional risk of product liability and adverse publicity if those fresh food products are contaminated, which may result in illness, injury or death if the contaminants are not eliminated by processing at our packaging service centers. 
 We generally seek contractual indemnification and proof of insurance from our major suppliers and carry product liability insurance for all products we sell to or package for our Members. However, if we do not have adequate insurance or contractual indemnification available, product liability claims relating to products that are contaminated or otherwise harmful could have a material adverse effect on our ability to successfully market our products and on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, even if a product liability claim is not successful or is not fully pursued, the negative publicity surrounding a product recall or any assertion that our products caused illness or injury could have a material adverse effect on our reputation with existing and potential Members and on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 We rely extensively on computer systems to process transactions, summarize results and manage our business. Failure to adequately maintain our systems or disruptions of our systems could harm our business and adversely affect our results of operations . 
 Given the high number of individual transactions we have each year, we seek to maintain uninterrupted operation of our business-critical computer systems. Our computer systems, including back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, internal or external security breaches, catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes, and errors by our employees. Our information systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. If our computer systems and back-up systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim. Any material interruption in our computer systems could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 
 We depend on third-party service providers to support transaction and payment processing, data security and other technology services. Any interruption in the operations of these service providers could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on us. For example, in 2022, a third party that supported our point-of-sale system became insolvent, which required us to quickly develop and implement short-term workarounds and delayed our migration to a cloud-based system integrating in-store and online functionality. 
 From time to time, we make technology investments to improve or replace our information processes and systems that are key to managing our business. The risk of system disruption increases when system changes are undertaken. Targeting the wrong opportunities, failing to make the right investments, or making an investment commitment significantly above or below our needs could result in the loss of our competitive position and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, the potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the short term. These initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or may provide them on a delayed schedule or at a higher cost. For example, we have begun migrating to a new point-of-sale system, Elera , a Toshiba product, and if we are not able to successfully implement this product, or experience significant delays, it may jeopardize our operations or result in additional costs. 
 Not updating our systems on a timely basis could leave us at a disadvantage relative to our competitors. Our current ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) system is not supported by the developer of the software, which could increase the risk of a system disruption. In addition, there are newer versions available from the vendors of some of our other internal systems offering greater functionality and reliability which we have not yet implemented. We also continue to rely on other systems we developed internally a number of years ago, and we plan to migrate to more industry-standard technologies. Several years ago, we began evaluating options to replace our ERP system. However, we intentionally deferred this project as originally contemplated in order to more thoroughly assess our overall IT landscape. We have decided that the risk, cost, and implementation cycle time of a holistic ERP system was not a sound strategy. We have instead turned our focus to a coordinated program of upgrading packaged applications and replacing in-house applications with packaged applications designed to improve our capabilities with less risk, and in less time. Upgrades planned and expected to start in fiscal year 2024 include a packaged forecast and replenishment system (RELEX) for buying and upgrades to our packaged WMS (Warehouse Management System) and TMS (Transportation Management System) for logistics. We believe these upgrades plus several projects begun in fiscal year 2023, such as our point-of-sale system replacement and e-commerce replacement, will modernize our key revenue-generating systems and reduce risk of disruption. However, if we are not successful in this strategy we might be required to operate with obsolete technology and will be subject to risks of system disruption, which would put us at a disadvantage relative to our competitors. 
 We have also begun evaluation of a modern financial management application and an integrated human resources information system for timekeeping, payroll and other HR functions to replace older applications that rely mostly on internal support. These initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits, may provide them on a delayed schedule or at a higher cost or may cause disruptions in our business. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Any failure by us to maintain the security of the information that we hold relating to our Company, Members, employees and vendors, could damage our reputation with them, could disrupt our operations, could cause us to incur substantial additional costs and to become subject to litigation and could materially adversely affect our operating results. 
 We receive, retain, and transmit personal information about our Members and employees and entrust that information to third-party business associates, including cloud service-providers that perform activities for us. In addition, we and our third-party service providers store and maintain health-related personal information, pharmacy, and medical records in connection with our health and wellness and pharmacy businesses. We also utilize third-party service providers for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, cloud services, back-office support, and other functions. In addition, our online operations depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks, including information permitting cashless payments. Each year, computer hackers, cyber terrorists, and others make numerous attempts to access the information stored in companies information systems. The increased use of remote work infrastructure has also increased cybersecurity risk, as remote work continues even post COVID-19. 
 The use of data by our business and our business associates is regulated in all of our operating countries. Privacy and information-security laws and regulations change, and compliance with them may result in cost increases due to, among other things, systems changes and the development of new processes. If we or those with whom we share information fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we could be subjected to legal risk as a result of non-compliance. 
 We or our third-party service providers may be unable to anticipate one or more of the rapidly evolving and increasingly sophisticated means by which computer hackers, cyber terrorists and others may attempt to defeat our security measures or those of our third-party service providers and breach our or our third-party service providers' information systems. Cyber threats are rapidly evolving and are becoming increasingly sophisticated. As cyber threats evolve and become more difficult to detect and successfully defend against, one or more hackers, cyber terrorists or others might defeat our security measures or those of our third-party service providers and obtain the personal information of Members, employees and vendors that we hold or to which our third-party service providers have access, and we or our third-party service providers may not discover any security breach and loss of information for a significant period of time after the security breach occurs. We or one of our third-party service providers also may be subject to a ransomware or cyber-extortion attack, which could significantly disrupt our operations. In the enterprise context, ransomware attacks involve restricting access to computer systems or vital data until a ransom is paid. Error or malfeasance by our employees and consultants, faulty password management or other irregularities may result in a defeat of our or our third-party service providers security measures and breach our or our third-party service providers information systems (whether digital or otherwise). 
 Any breach of our security measures or those of our third-party service providers and loss of our confidential information, which could be undetected for a period of time, or any failure by us to comply with applicable privacy and information security laws and regulations, could cause us to incur significant costs to protect any Members and/or employees whose personal data was compromised and to restore Member and employee confidence in us and to make changes to our information systems and administrative processes to address security issues and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
 In addition, such events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation with our Members, employees, vendors and stockholders, as well as our operations, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, could result in the release to the public of confidential information about our operations and financial condition and performance and could result in litigation against us or the imposition of penalties or liabilities. Moreover, a security breach could require us to devote significant management resources to address the problems created by the security breach and to expend significant additional resources to upgrade further the security measures that we employ to guard such important personal information against cyberattacks and other attempts to access such information, resulting in a disruption of our operations. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Business acquisitions or divestitures and new business initiatives could adversely impact the Company s performance . 
 From time to time, we may consider acquisition opportunities and new business initiatives. During fiscal year 2018, we acquired Aeropost, Inc. Aeropost ). Acquisitions and new business initiatives involve certain inherent risks, including the failure to retain key personnel from an acquired business; undisclosed or subsequently arising liabilities or accounting, internal control, regulatory or compliance issues associated with an acquired business; challenges in the successful integration of operations, and alignment of standards, policies and systems; future developments that may impair the value of our purchased goodwill or intangible assets; and the potential diversion of management resources from existing operations to respond to unforeseen issues arising in the context of the integration of a new business or initiative. 
 We sold the legacy casillero and marketplace businesses operated by Aeropost in October 2021. In connection with this sale, we retained the technology and intellectual property rights required for the furtherance of our business interest in PriceSmart.com and related capabilities. We could incur unforeseen expenses or other issues in connection with the separation of these businesses. In addition, we and the buyer of the legacy casillero and marketplace businesses agreed to indemnify each other for any breach of representations and warranties we made to one another in the purchase agreement. Pursuant to these indemnification obligations, during fiscal year 2023, we wrote off approximately 700,000 of accounts receivable from Aeropost to fully settle claims from Aeropost s acquiror alleging that we breached representations and warranties regarding cybersecurity matters and worker classification. 
 Failure to attract and retain qualified employees could materially adversely affect our financial performance. 
 Our success depends, to a significant degree, on the continued contributions of members of our senior management and other key operations, merchandising and administrative personnel, and the loss of any such persons could have a material adverse effect on our business. We must attract, develop and retain a growing number of qualified employees, while controlling related labor costs and maintaining our core values. We compete with other retail and non-retail businesses for these employees and invest significant resources in training and motivating them. There is no assurance that we will be able to adequately attract, develop and retain highly qualified employees in the future or to execute management transitions when members of the Company s senior leadership retire or otherwise leave the Company, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We do not maintain life or disability insurance for our key executives. 
 We recently completed our previously announced stock repurchase programs, which may result in a decrease in the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 In late fiscal year 2023, we put in place a 75 million stock repurchase program, which we successfully completed in October 2023. We purchased a total of approximately 1,007,000 shares of our common stock. The existence of a stock repurchase program could also cause our stock price to be higher than it would be in the absence of such a program, and completion of the repurchases could cause the market price of our common stock to decline below the levels at which we repurchased shares of common stock. 
 Legal and Compliance Risks 
 We face compliance risks related to our international operations. 
 In the United States and within the international markets where we operate, there are multiple laws and regulations that relate to our business and operations. These laws and regulations are subject to change, and any failure by us to effectively manage our operations and reporting obligations as required by the various laws and regulations can result in our incurring significant legal costs and fines as well as disruptions to our business and operations. Such failure could also result in investors loss of confidence in us, which could have a material adverse effect on our stock price. 
 In foreign countries in which we have operations, a risk exists that our employees, contractors or agents could, in contravention of our policies, engage in business practices prohibited by U.S. laws and regulations applicable to us, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the laws and regulations of other countries. We maintain policies prohibiting such business practices and have in place global anti-corruption compliance programs designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations. Nevertheless, we remain subject to the risk that one or more of our employees, contractors or agents, including those based in or from countries where practices that violate such U.S. laws and regulations or the laws and regulations of other countries may be customary, will engage in business practices that are prohibited by our policies or circumvent our compliance programs and, by doing so, violate such laws and regulations. Any violations of anti-corruption laws, even if prohibited by our internal policies, could adversely affect our reputation, business, or financial performance. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 We could be subject to additional tax liabilities or subject to reserves on the recoverability of tax receivables . 
 We compute our income tax based on enacted tax rates in the countries in which we operate. As the tax rates vary among countries, a change in earnings attributable to the various jurisdictions in which we operate could result in an unfavorable change in our overall taxes. Changes in tax laws or their implementation, increases in the enacted tax rates, adverse outcomes in connection with tax audits in any jurisdiction, or any change in the pronouncements relating to accounting for income taxes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In two countries, there have been changes in the method of computing minimum tax payments, under which the governments have sought to require the Company to pay taxes based on a percentage of sales if the resulting tax were greater than the tax payable based on a percentage of income. As a result, the Company has made and may continue to make income tax payments substantially in excess of those it would expect to pay based on taxable income, and the rules that allow the Company to obtain refunds or to offset payments that are substantially in excess of taxes payable based on taxable income are unclear or complex. 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, we recorded a 7.2 million charge to settle the minimum tax payment dispute in one of the aforementioned countries. Of this amount, 1.0 million is a reserve we recorded against an income tax receivable for one of the tax years for which we sought a refund and the remaining 6.2 million is an accrual for the unpaid years of the dispute in which we made tax payments using the original computation based on taxable income. As part of the settlement, we will pay the minimum tax on a go-forward basis, including for fiscal year 2023. 
 
 In the other country, we, together with our tax and legal advisers, are still currently appealing these interpretations. In the meantime, we are taking other actions to recover excess taxes paid or withheld and to limit further increases in these receivables. However, if we do not prevail in these efforts, we may be required to establish a valuation reserve against these tax receivables or record a reserve for any amounts deemed underpaid and take an accompanying charge, which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 A few of our stockholders own approximately 15.9 of our voting stock as of August 31, 2023, which may make it difficult to complete some corporate transactions without their support and may impede a change in control. 
 Robert E. Price, the Company s Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer, and affiliates of Mr. Price, including Price Philanthropies, The Price Group, LLC, The Robert Allison Price Charitable Remainder Trust and various other trusts, collectively beneficially own approximately 15.9 of our outstanding shares of common stock. Of this amount, approximately 73.1 (i.e., 11.6 of our total outstanding shares) is held by charitable entities. As a result of their beneficial ownership, these stockholders have the ability to significantly affect the outcome of all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors. In addition, this ownership could discourage the acquisition of our common stock by potential investors and could have an anti- takeover effect, possibly depressing the trading price of our common stock. 
 Financial and Accounting Risks 
 We are subject to volatility in foreign currency exchange rates and limits on our ability to convert foreign currencies into U.S. dollars. 
 As of August 31, 2023, we had a total of 51 warehouse clubs operating in 12 foreign countries and one U.S. territory, 40 of which operate under currencies other than the U.S. dollar. For fiscal year 2023, approximately 78.8 of our net merchandise sales were in foreign currencies. We may enter into additional foreign countries in the future or open additional locations in existing countries, which may increase the percentage of net merchandise sales denominated in foreign currencies. 
 Our consolidated financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars, and to prepare those financial statements we must translate the amounts of the assets, liabilities, net sales, other revenues, and expenses of our operations outside of the U.S. from foreign currencies into U.S. dollars using exchange rates for the current period. As a result of such translations, fluctuations in currency exchange rates from period-to-period may result in our consolidated financial statements reflecting significant adverse period-over-period changes in our financial performance or reflecting a period-over-period improvement in our financial performance that is not as robust as it would be without such fluctuations in the currency exchange rates. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, devaluing foreign local currencies compared to the U.S. dollar could negatively impact the purchasing power of our Members for imported merchandise in those countries. Merchandise imported into our markets is generally purchased by the Company in U.S. dollars and priced and sold in the local currency of that country. If the local currency devalues against the U.S. dollar, we may elect to increase prices in the local currency to maintain our target margins, making the products more expensive for our Members. We may also decide to reduce or modify the flow of merchandise into those markets. Depending on the severity of the devaluation and corresponding price increase (as experienced in Colombia in fiscal 2023), the demand for, sales of, and profitability of those products could be negatively impacted. 
 Finally, the ability of the Company to convert local currency into U.S. dollars to settle U.S. dollar invoices can be impacted in certain markets due to economic factors or government policies creating illiquidity of the local currency. This was the case in Trinidad in 2021, which led us to reduce shipments from the U.S. to Trinidad to amounts that our Trinidad subsidiary could pay for using the amount of tradable currency that could be sourced in that market, resulting in lost sales during that fiscal year. Our balance as of August 31, 2023 of Trinidad dollar denominated cash and cash equivalents and short and long-term investments measured in U.S. dollars was 18.2 million, a decrease of 82.3 million from the peak of 100.5 million as of November 30, 2020. However, as the Trinidad central bank strictly manages the exchange rate of the Trinidad dollar with the U.S. dollar and affects the level of U.S. Dollar liquidity in the market through its interventions, we are subject to continued challenges in converting our Trinidad dollars to U.S. dollars, as well as being exposed to the risk of a potential devaluation of the currency. 
 During the third quarter of fiscal year 2023, the Honduran Central Bank began limiting the availability and controlling the allocation of U.S. dollars for the conversion from Honduran lempiras to U.S. dollars. As of August 31, 2023, our Honduran subsidiary had approximately 19.6 million of cash and cash equivalents denominated in lempiras, which cannot be readily converted to U.S. dollars for general use within the Company. We are actively working with our banking partners and government authorities to address this situation. 
 Volatility and uncertainty regarding the currencies and economic conditions in the countries where we operate could have a material impact on our operations in future periods. 
 Changes in accounting standards and assumptions, projections, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions, projections, estimates and judgments by our management. These include, but are not limited to assumptions, projections, estimates and judgements related to contingencies and litigation, income taxes, value added taxes, and long-lived assets. Changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, projections, estimates or judgments by our management could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance. 
 For example, because of Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-02 Leases (Topic 842), which the Company adopted September 1, 2019, the Company is required to recognize a Right-of-Use (ROU) asset and lease liability for each of the Company s long-term leases. Accounting Standard Codification (ASC) 842 requires that the ROU asset be designated as a non-monetary asset and the lease liability as a monetary liability. Therefore, when accounting for a lease that is denominated in a foreign currency, if remeasurement into the lessee s functional currency is required, the lease liability is remeasured using the current exchange rate. We have leases in several of our subsidiaries in which the lease payments are denominated in a foreign currency that is not the functional currency of that entity. Therefore, we are subject to additional volatility in foreign currency exchange rates as a result of this accounting standard update. The monetary lease liability subject to revaluation as of August 31, 2023 was 32.5 million. Due to the mix of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations during fiscal year 2023 , the impact to the consolidated statements of income of revaluing this liability was immaterial. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Properties 
 At August 31, 2023, PriceSmart operated 51 membership warehouse clubs, as detailed below: 
 Location Own land and building Lease land and/or building COLOMBIA SEGMENT Colombia (1) 
 8 1 CENTRAL AMERICA SEGMENT Costa Rica 8 El Salvador (1) 
 3 Guatemala (2) 
 3 2 Honduras 
 2 1 Nicaragua 2 Panama 5 2 CARIBBEAN SEGMENT Aruba 1 Barbados 1 Dominican Republic 5 Jamaica 2 Trinidad 3 1 USVI 1 Total 42 9 
 (1) In September 2023, we opened a warehouse club in Medell n, Colombia and are currently constructing and plan to open a warehouse club in Santa Ana, El Salvador in early 2024. We own the land for each and expect to own each of the buildings upon its completion. 
 (2) We are currently constructing and plan to open a warehouse club in Escuintla, Guatemala on November 30, 2023. We have entered into a lease for the land on which we are constructing the warehouse club. 
 Although we have entered into real estate leases in the past and will likely do so in the future, our current preference is to own rather than lease real estate. We lease land and in some cases land and buildings when appropriate sites within market areas are not available to purchase. The term on these leases generally run for 20 to 30 years and contain options to renew from 5 to 20 years. We actively seek to secure lease extensions or find suitable replacement properties before our leases expire. We have successfully negotiated extensions in the past and believe we will continue to be able to do so in the future; however, each lease renewal is subject to its own facts and circumstances, so we cannot be sure that we will be able to renew each lease on economically favorable terms. For instance, we've recently entered into a lease agreement to relocate our Miraflores, Guatemala club, for which the current lease was due to expire on December 31, 2025, to a new location adjacent to the current club location. We expect to relocate our Miraflores club to this new location during fiscal year 2025. We expect minimal impact to the continuity of our operations for this club. Refer to Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies for additional details on our Miraflores club relocation. 
 As of August 31, 2023, sales floors of the Company s warehouse club buildings occupied a total of approximately 2,524,276 square feet, of which 430,588 square feet were on leased property. 
 We operate two large regional distribution centers, one in Miami, Florida and the other in San Jose, Costa Rica, along with several smaller local distribution centers for the consolidation and distribution of merchandise shipments to our warehouse clubs. Our corporate headquarters is located in San Diego, California, and we maintain other regional offices in the Miami distribution facility and our international locations. We own our regional distribution facility in Miami, Florida, but we otherwise lease most non-warehouse club facilities and expect to continue to lease these types of facilities as we expand. Our leases for non-warehouse club facilities typically provide for initial lease terms between five and 30 years, with options to extend. We believe this leasing strategy for non-warehouse club facilities enhances our flexibility to pursue expansion opportunities when the needs of our business require. As current leases expire, we believe that we will be able to obtain lease renewals, if desired, for these present locations, or to obtain leases for equivalent or better locations in the same general area. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are often involved in claims arising in the ordinary course of business seeking monetary damages and other relief. Based upon information currently available to us, none of these claims is expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Refer to Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies for additional information regarding our legal proceedings. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The Company's common stock has been quoted and traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol PSMT since September 2, 1997. As of October 25, 2023, there were approximately 385 holders of record of the common stock. This number does not include beneficial owners whose shares were held in street name. 
 Dates Stock Price From To High Low 2023 FISCAL QUARTERS 
 First Quarter 9/1/2022 11/30/2022 73.76 56.29 Second Quarter 12/1/2022 2/28/2023 75.92 60.01 Third Quarter 3/1/2023 5/31/2023 79.55 66.54 Fourth Quarter 6/1/2023 8/31/2023 82.63 69.08 2022 FISCAL QUARTERS First Quarter 9/1/2021 11/30/2021 86.16 70.10 Second Quarter 12/1/2021 2/28/2022 76.13 66.77 Third Quarter 3/1/2022 5/31/2022 88.30 69.53 Fourth Quarter 6/1/2022 8/31/2022 74.74 63.14 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 In September 2022, the Company issued restricted stock awards (RSAs) and performance stock units (PSUs) covering 156,225 shares of the Company s common stock, 0.0001 par value per share. The RSAs and PSUs were issued from the pool of shares available for issuance under the Company s Amended and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Award Plan, as amended. The securities were exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as transactions not involving any public offering. The recipients of the securities in each of these transactions are accredited investors, and appropriate legends were placed upon the stock certificates issued in these transactions. All recipients had adequate access, through their relationships with us, to information about the Company. Resale of these shares by the holders has since been registered under the Securities Act. 
 Dividends 
 Declared Amount First Payment Second Payment Record Date Date Paid Amount Record Date Date Paid Amount 2/3/2023 0.92 2/16/2023 2/28/2023 0.46 8/15/2023 8/31/2023 0.46 2/3/2022 0.86 2/15/2022 2/28/2022 0.43 8/15/2022 8/31/2022 0.43 2/4/2021 0.70 2/15/2021 2/26/2021 0.35 8/15/2021 8/31/2021 0.35 
 The Company anticipates the ongoing payment of semi-annual dividends in subsequent periods, although the actual declaration of future dividends, if any, the amount of such dividends, and the establishment of record and payment dates is subject to final determination by the Board of Directors at its discretion after its review of the Company s financial performance and anticipated capital requirements, taking into account the uncertain macroeconomic conditions on our results of operations and cash flows. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Repurchase of Equity Securities 
 Upon vesting of restricted stock awarded by the Company to employees, the Company repurchases shares and withholds the amount of the repurchase payment to cover employees tax withholding obligations. Additionally, we announced in July 2023 that the Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up to 75 million of our common stock. Subsequent to our fiscal year that ended on August 31, 2023, we successfully completed the share repurchase program. We purchased a total of approximately 1,007,000 shares of our common stock under the program. The repurchases were made on the open market pursuant to a trading plan established pursuant to Rule 10(b)5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which permits common stock to be repurchased at a time that we might otherwise be precluded from doing so under insider trading laws or self-imposed trading restrictions. We do not expect to continue repurchases or adopt a new repurchase plan at this time. However, the Board of Directors could choose to commence another program in the future, at its discretion, after its review of the Company s financial performance and anticipated capital requirements. 
 The following table sets forth information on our common stock repurchase activity for the fiscal year 2023 (dollars in thousands, except per share data): 
 Period 
 Total 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Purchased 
 
 Average 
 Price Paid 
 Per Share 
 
 Total Number of 
 Shares Purchased 
 as Part of Publicly 
 Announced 
 Plans or Programs 
 
 Maximum 
 Dollar Value of 
 Shares That 
 May Yet Be 
 Purchased 
 Under the 
 Plans or 
 Programs 
 September 1, 2022 - September 30, 2022 October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 20,621 63.05 November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 January 1, 2023 - January 31, 2023 20,329 71.42 February 1, 2023 - February 28, 2023 40,895 75.00 March 1, 2023 - March 31, 2023 774 70.15 April 1, 2023 - April 30, 2023 526 74.90 May 1, 2023 - May 31, 2023 1,094 73.52 June 1, 2023 - June 30, 2023 July 1, 2023 - July 31, 2023 2,650 78.61 August 1, 2023 - August 31, 2023 84,639 78.71 71,530 69,382 Total 171,528 74.99 71,530 
 
 Item 6. Reserved. 
 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Overview 
 PriceSmart, headquartered in San Diego , California, owns and operates U.S. -style membership shopping warehouse clubs in Latin America and the Caribbean , selling high quality merchandise and services at low prices to our Members. We operate 51 warehouse clubs in 12 countries and one U.S. territory (nine in Colombia; eight in Costa Rica ; seven in Panama ; five in the Dominican Republic and Guatemala ; four in Trinidad ; three each in in Honduras and El Salvador, two each in Nicaragua and Jamaica; and one each in Aruba, Barbados and the United States Virgin Islands). We opened our El Poblado club located in Medellin, Colombia on September 1, 2023. It is the Company's tenth warehouse club in that market bringing the Company's total warehouse club count to 52. The Company also plans to open our sixth warehouse club in Guatemala, located in Escuintla, approximately 40 miles south of the nearest club in the capital of Guatemala City. The Escuintla club is being built on a five-acre property and is anticipated to open on November 30, 2023. We have also purchased land and plan to open our fourth warehouse club in El Salvador, located in Santa Ana, approximately 40 miles west from the nearest club in the capital of San Salvador. The club is being built on a five-acre property and is anticipated to open in early 2024. Once these two new clubs are open, we will operate 54 warehouse clubs. Our corporate headquarters, U.S. buying operations and regional distribution centers are located primarily in the United States. Our operating segments are the United States, Central America, the Caribbean and Colombia. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 Mission and Business Strategy 
 PriceSmart exists to improve the lives and businesses of our Members, our employees and our communities through the responsible delivery of the best quality goods and services at the lowest possible prices. Our mission is to serve as a model company, which operates profitably and provides a good return to our investors, by providing Members in emerging and developing markets with exciting, high-quality merchandise sourced from around the world and valuable services at compelling prices in safe U.S. style clubs and through PriceSmart.com. We prioritize the well-being and safety of our Members and employees. We provide good jobs, fair wages and benefits and opportunities for advancement. We strive to treat our suppliers right and empower them when we can, including both our regional suppliers and those from around the world. We conduct ourselves in a socially responsible manner as we endeavor to improve the quality of the lives of our Members and their businesses, while respecting the environment and the laws of all the countries in which we operate. We also believe in facilitating philanthropic contributions to communities in which we do business. We charge Members an annual membership fee that enables us to operate our business with lower margins than traditional retail stores. As we continue to invest in technological capabilities, we are increasing our tools to drive sales and operational efficiencies. We believe we are well positioned to blend the excitement and appeal of our brick-and-mortar business with the convenience and additional benefits of online shopping and services and, meanwhile, enhance Member experience and engagement. 
 
 Factors Affecting the Business 
 Overall economic trends, foreign currency exchange volatility, and other factors impacting the business 
 Our sales and profits vary from market to market depending on general economic factors, including GDP growth; consumer preferences; foreign currency exchange rates; political and social conditions; local demographic characteristics (such as population growth); the number of years we have operated in a particular market; and the level of retail and wholesale competition in that market. The economies of many of our markets are dependent on foreign trade, tourism, and foreign direct investments. Uncertain economic conditions and slowdown in global economic growth and investment may impact the economies in our markets, causing significant declines in GDP and employment and devaluations of local currencies against the U.S. dollar. 
 For fiscal year 2023, inflation in all of our markets and devaluations of local currencies, especially in Colombia for part of the year, created significant headwinds. However, some markets, especially Costa Rica, benefited from currency appreciation which helped offset the currency devaluations we experienced in other countries. Substantial product cost increases due to inflation or commodity price increases have and could continue to impact our financial results and could lead to reduced sales, fewer units sold, and/or margin pressure. Events directly or indirectly related to the novel coronavirus outbreak (COVID-19) have resulted in market and supply-chain disruptions. These factors have increased the complexity of managing our inventory flow and business; however, during fiscal year 2023, we saw a general improvement in transit days and a reduction in freight rates of our shipping containers. We are working to hold down and/or mitigate the price increases passed on to our Members while maintaining the right inventory mix to grow sales. One key mitigating factor has been our expanded network of distribution centers, which has facilitated alternative shipping routes, increased throughput, and provided flexibility to mitigate our supply chain challenges and risks more effectively. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Currency fluctuation can be one of the largest variables affecting our overall sales and profit performance, as we have experienced in prior fiscal years, because many of our markets are susceptible to foreign currency exchange rate volatility. During fiscal year 2023, approximately 78.8 of our net merchandise sales were in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Of those sales, 48.4 consisted of sales of products we purchased in U.S. dollars. 
 A devaluation of local currency reduces the value of sales and membership income that is generated in that country when translated to U.S. dollars for our consolidated results. In addition, when local currency experiences devaluation, we may elect to increase the local currency price of imported merchandise to maintain our target margins, which could impact demand for the merchandise affected by the price increase. We may also modify the mix of imported versus local merchandise and/or the source of imported merchandise to mitigate the impact of currency fluctuations. Our Colombia market experienced significant foreign currency devaluation during the first three quarters of fiscal year 2023 compared to fiscal year 2022. Notwithstanding inflation and this currency devaluation in Colombia, beginning in the third quarter of fiscal year 2023, we strategically decreased sales prices in select items across all of our imported merchandise categories in Colombia. During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, the Colombian peso began to appreciate against the U.S. dollar and stabilize, but we continue to maintain our pricing actions in the meantime. Despite the foreign currency difficulties, we continue to see Colombia as a key market for growth and have continued to invest in this market, recently opening our tenth warehouse club in the country, located in Medell n. Information about the effect of local currency devaluations is discussed further in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Net Merchandise Sales and Comparable Sales. 
 Our wallet-share capture of total retail and wholesale sales can vary from market to market due to competition and the availability of other shopping options for our Members. Demographic characteristics within each of our markets can affect both the overall level of sales and future sales growth opportunities. Certain island markets, such as Aruba, Barbados and the U.S. Virgin Islands, offer limited upside for sales growth given their overall market size. 
 We continue to face the risk of political instability which may have significant effects on our business. For example, roadblocks were set up in Guatemala in October 2023 due to election results, limiting access to certain of our warehouse clubs. In addition, roadblocks also arose in Panama in October 2023 disrupting traffic to our clubs throughout most of the market as a reaction to an agreement between the Panamanian government and a mining company. Civil unrest in Colombia in response to tax reform and austerity measures paralyzed significant portions of the country s infrastructure as roadblocks and riots disrupted normal economic activity during the third quarter of fiscal year 2021. Nicaragua and Honduras experienced anti-government protests in 2019; Costa Rica also had a general strike against tax reform measures that significantly impeded regular economic activity in 2018. 
 Our operations are subject to volatile weather conditions and natural disasters. In November 2020, Hurricanes Eta and Iota brought severe rainfall, winds, and flooding to a significant portion of Central America, especially Honduras, which caused significant damage to parts of that country s infrastructure. Although our warehouse clubs were not significantly affected and we were able to manage our supply chain to keep our warehouse clubs stocked with merchandise, similar natural disasters could adversely impact our overall sales, costs and profit performance in the future. 
 Changes in tax laws, increases in the enacted tax rates, adverse outcomes in connection with tax audits in any jurisdiction, or any change in the pronouncements relating to accounting for income taxes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In one of the countries where we operate, the government made changes several years ago in the method of computing minimum tax payments, under which the government sought to require retailers to pay taxes based on a percentage of sales if the resulting tax were greater than the tax payable based on a percentage of income (Alternative Minimum Tax or "AMT"). We, together with our tax and legal advisers, appealed these interpretations and litigated our cases in the country s court system. However, in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, we recorded a 7.2 million charge to settle the AMT payment dispute in this country. Of this amount, 1.0 is related to the reserve for an income tax receivable for one of the tax years for which we sought a refund and the remaining 6.2 million is an accrual for the unpaid years of the dispute. As part of the settlement, we will pay AMT on a go-forward basis, including for fiscal year 2023 for which the amount accrued was 2.0 million. To address the inherent risk of operating in a country in which significant tax legislation changes can significantly impact our low margin business model and limitations on our ability to successfully appeal these burdensome taxes, we have increased prices in this market to offset or partially offset the rise in costs to comply with the annual AMT payment. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Periodically, we experience a lack of availability of U.S. dollars in certain markets (U.S. dollar illiquidity). This can and has impeded our ability to convert local currencies obtained through merchandise sales into U.S. dollars to settle the U.S. dollar liabilities associated with our imported products and to otherwise redeploy these funds in our Company. This illiquidity also increases our foreign exchange exposure to any devaluation of the local currency relative to the U.S. dollar. For instance, during fiscal year 2021, we experienced significant limitations on our ability to convert Trinidad dollars to U.S. dollars or other tradable currencies. Our balance as of August 31, 2023 of Trinidad dollar denominated cash and cash equivalents and short and long-term investments measured in U.S. dollars was 18.2 million, a decrease of 82.3 million from the peak of 100.5 million as of November 30, 2020. However, as the Trinidad central bank strictly manages the exchange rate of the Trinidad dollar with the U.S. dollar and affects the level of U.S. Dollar liquidity in the market through its interventions, we are subject to continued challenges in converting our Trinidad dollars to U.S. dollars, as well as being exposed to the risk of a potential devaluation of the currency. 
 
 During the third quarter of fiscal year 2023 , the Honduran Central Bank began limiting the availability and controlling the allocation of U.S. dollars for the conversion from Honduran lempiras to U.S. dollars. As of August 31, 2023 , our Honduran subsidiary had approximately 19.6 million of cash and cash equivalents denominated in lempiras, which cannot be readily converted to U.S. dollars for general use within the Company. We are actively working with our banking partners and government authorities to address this situation. 
 We face difficulties in the shipment of, and the risks inherent in the importation of, merchandise to our warehouse clubs. One of those difficulties is possible governmental restrictions on the importation of merchandise. In late May 2023, disputes with Nicaraguan customs and tax authorities resulted in delays in the issuance of our importation clearance, and general delays in the customs inspection process. While this situation has occurred frequently in the last few years, we generally have been able to plan around these import blockages and resume within a manner of days. However, the most recent delay in obtaining importation clearance, resulted in us being unable to import merchandise into Nicaragua for several weeks in June. While at this time our tax clearances and imports seem to have returned to a more normal cadence, we continue to monitor this situation closely and are working with local officials to seek continuity of imports into Nicaragua as well as the other jurisdictions in which we operate. 
 
 Financial highlights for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 included: 
 Total revenues increased 9.5 over the comparable prior year period. 
 Net merchandise sales increased 10.0 over the comparable prior year period. We ended the quarter with 51 warehouse clubs compared to 50 warehouse clubs at the end of the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022. Net merchandise sales - constant currency increased 6.4 over the comparable prior year period. 
 Comparable net merchandise sales (that is, sales in the 50 warehouse clubs that have been open for greater than 13 calendar months) for the 13 weeks ended September 3, 2023 increased 8.8 . Comparable net merchandise sales - constant currency for the 13 weeks ended September 3, 2023 increased 5.2 . 
 Membership income for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 increased 10.6 to 17.2 million over the comparable prior year period. 
 Total gross margins (net merchandise sales less associated cost of goods sold) increased 10.6 over the prior-year period, and merchandise gross profits as a percent of net merchandise sales were 15.6 , an increase of 10 basis points or 0.1 from the same period in the prior year. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 25.2 million or 18.8 compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022, primarily due to 9.2 million of costs associated with the reserve for the AMT settlement and 5.7 million of asset impairment and closure costs as well as higher compensation, depreciation, and professional fees. 
 Operating income for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 was 32.1 million, a decrease of 17.5 , or 6.9 million, compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022, primarily due to costs associated with the reserve for the AMT settlement and asset impairment and closure costs. 
 We recorded a 1.5 million net loss in total other expense, net in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 compared to a 3.5 million net loss in total other expense, net in the same period last year primarily due to an increase in interest income of 3.0 million, comparatively, because of significantly more investments of surplus cash at higher yields, and partially offset by an increase in other expense of 1.0 million, primarily due to an increase in total foreign currency transaction losses. 
 Our effective tax rate increased in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 to 49.9 from 34.2 in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022. The increase in the effective rate versus the prior year was primarily attributable to the comparably unfavorable impact of 11.6 due to the AMT settlement and 5.4 unfavorable impact from asset impairment and related closure costs. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Net income attributable to PriceSmart for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 was 15.4 million, or 0.49 per diluted share, inclusive of a negative impact of 0.30 per diluted share for costs related to the reserve for the AMT settlement and 0.18 per diluted share of asset impairment and closure costs, compared to 23.3 million, or 0.75 per diluted share, in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022. 
 Adjusted net income attributable to PriceSmart for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 was 20.4 million, or an adjusted 0.65 per diluted share, inclusive of a negative impact of 0.30 per diluted share for costs related to the reserve for the AMT settlement, compared to adjusted net income of 23.3 million, or 0.75 per diluted share, in the comparable prior year period. 
 Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 was 57.2 million compared to 56.6 million in the same period last year. 
 Financial highlights for fiscal year 2023 included: 
 Total revenues increased 8.5 over the comparable prior year period. 
 Net merchandise sales increased 9.0 over the comparable prior year period. We ended the year with 51 warehouse clubs compared to 50 warehouse clubs at the end of fiscal year 2022. Net merchandise sales - constant currency increased 8.3 over the comparable prior year period. 
 Comparable net merchandise sales (that is, sales in the 50 warehouse clubs that have been open for greater than 13 calendar months) for the 52 weeks ended September 3, 2023 increased 7.1 . Comparable net merchandise sales - constant currency for the 52 weeks ended September 3, 2023 increased 6.3 . 
 Membership income increased 8.5 to 66.0 million. 
 Total gross margins (net merchandise sales less associated cost of goods sold) increased 12.2 over the prior-year period, and merchandise gross profits as a percent of net merchandise sales were 15.8 , an increase of 50 basis points or 0.5 from the same period in the prior year. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 60.7 million or 11.8 compared to fiscal year 2022. We incurred 7.7 million of CEO departure-related costs, 9.2 million of costs related to the reserve for the AMT settlement, and 5.7 million of asset impairment and closure costs in the current-year period. 
 Operating income was 184.5 million, an increase of 10.4 , or 17.4 million, compared to fiscal year 2022, primarily due to costs associated with the reserve for the AMT settlement and asset impairment and closure costs. 
 We recorded a 15.3 million net loss in total other expense, net in fiscal year 2023 compared to a 10.6 million net loss in total other expense, net in the same period last year primarily due to an increase of 10.9 million of other expense, which is primarily foreign currency transaction losses, partially offset by an increase of 7.7 million in interest income comparatively. 
 The effective tax rate for fiscal year 2023 was 35.4 as compared to the effective tax rate for fiscal year 2022 of 33.2 . The increase is primarily driven by the comparably unfavorable impact of write-offs of VAT receivables, Aeropost write-offs and asset impairment and related closure costs of 2.2 and a 1.8 unfavorable impact due to the AMT settlement. This was partially offset by a greater portion of income falling into lower tax jurisdictions which resulted in a 2.0 favorable impact. 
 Net income attributable to PriceSmart for fiscal year 2023 was 109.2 million, or 3.50 per diluted share, inclusive of a negative impact of 0.30 per diluted share for costs related to the reserve for the AMT settlement and 0.18 per diluted share of asset impairment and closure costs, compared to 104.5 million, or 3.38 per diluted share, in the comparable prior year period. 
 Adjusted net income attributable to PriceSmart for fiscal year 2023 was 126.5 million, or an adjusted 4.06 per diluted share, inclusive of a negative impact of 0.30 per diluted share for costs related to the reserve for the AMT settlement, compared to adjusted net income of 103.1 million, or an adjusted 3.33 per diluted share, in the comparable prior year period. 
 Adjusted EBITDA for fiscal year 2023 was 275.7 million compared to 234.9 million in the same period last year. 
 
 Non - GAAP (Generally Accepted Accounting Principles) Financial Measures 
 The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements, including the related notes, are presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP (Generally Accepted Accounting Principles). In addition to relevant GAAP measures, we also provide non-GAAP measures including adjusted net income, adjusted net income per diluted share, adjusted EBITDA and net merchandise sales - constant currency because management believes these metrics are useful to investors and analysts by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. These measures are customary for our industry and commonly used by competitors. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be reviewed in isolation or considered as an alternative to any other performance measure derived in accordance with GAAP and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies in our industry or across different industries. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Net Income per Diluted Share 
 The adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share metrics are important measures used by management to compare the performance of core operating results between periods. We define adjusted net income as net income, as reported, adjusted for: separation costs associated with the departure of our former Chief Executive Officer, gain on the sale of our Aeropost subsidiary, the write-off of certain Aeropost receivables, the write-off of certain VAT receivables following unfavorable court rulings, asset impairment on our assets held for sale and closure costs, the gain on the acquisition of a building, and the tax impact of the foregoing adjustments on net income. We define adjusted net income per diluted share as adjusted net income divided by the weighted-average diluted shares outstanding. 
 We believe adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share are useful metrics to investors and analysts because they present more accurate year-over-year comparisons for our net income and net income per diluted share because adjusted items are not the result of our normal operations. 
 
 Three Months Ended 
 Years Ended August 31, 2023 August 31, 2022 August 31, 2023 August 31, 2022 Net income attributable to PriceSmart as reported 15,381 23,304 109,205 104,534 Adjustments: Separation costs associated with Chief Executive Officer departure (1) 
 7,747 Gain on sale of Aeropost subsidiary (2) 
 (2,736) Aeropost-related write-offs (3) 
 2,786 VAT receivable write-off (4) 
 2,309 Asset impairment and closure costs (5) 
 5,658 5,658 Gain on acquisition of building (6) 
 (948) (948) Tax impact of adjustments to net income (7) 
 266 (284) 1,280 Adjusted net income attributable to PriceSmart 20,357 23,304 126,473 103,078 Net income attributable to PriceSmart per diluted share 0.49 0.75 3.50 3.38 Separation costs associated with Chief Executive Officer departure 0.23 Gain on sale of Aeropost subsidiary (0.05) Aeropost-related write-offs 
 0.09 VAT receivable write-off 0.08 Asset impairment and closure costs 0.18 0.18 Gain on acquisition of building 
 (0.02) (0.02) Adjusted net income attributable to PriceSmart per diluted share 0.65 0.75 4.06 3.33 
 (1) Reflects 7.7 million of separation costs associated with the departure of our former Chief Executive Officer in February 2023. 
 (2) Reflects a gain of 2.7 million associated with the sale of our Aeropost subsidiary in October 2021. 
 (3) Reflects 2.1 million of Aeropost-related write-offs in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 and 660,000 of a receivable written-off in connection with the settlement in the third quarter of fiscal year 2023 of a claim for indemnification from the buyer of the Aeropost business. 
 (4) Reflects 2.3 million of VAT receivables related to prior periods deemed not recoverable and written-off in the third quarter of fiscal year 2023 following unfavorable court rulings. 
 (5) Reflects 5.7 million of impairment charges primarily related to the write down of assets in connection with our decision in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 to seek to sell our Trinidad sustainable packaging plant. 
 (6) Reflects a 950,000 gain related to a building we acquired upon the early termination of a lease in which we were the lessor of the land on which the building was constructed by and abandoned by one of our tenants. 
 (7) Reflects the tax effect of the above-mentioned adjustments. 

29 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income before interest expense, net, provision for income taxes and depreciation and amortization, adjusted for the impact of certain other items, including interest income; other income (expense), net; separation costs associated with Chief Executive Officer departure; asset impairment and closure costs; Aeropost write-offs; the write-off of certain VAT receivables following unfavorable court rulings . The following is a reconciliation of our Net income to Adjusted EBITDA for the periods presented: 
 Three Months Ended 
 Years Ended August 31, 2023 August 31, 2022 August 31, 2023 August 31, 2022 Net income attributable to PriceSmart as reported 15,381 23,304 109,205 104,534 Adjustments: Interest expense 2,710 2,787 11,020 9,611 Provision for income taxes 15,304 12,129 59,951 51,858 Depreciation and amortization 19,434 17,610 72,698 67,868 Interest income (3,611) (661) (9,871) (2,201) Other expense, net (1) 
 2,361 1,402 14,156 3,235 Separation costs associated with Chief Executive Officer departure (2) 
 7,747 Aeropost-related write-offs (3) 
 2,786 VAT receivable write-off (4) 
 2,309 Asset impairment and closure costs (5) 
 5,658 5,658 Adjusted EBITDA 57,237 56,571 275,659 234,905 
 (1) Primarily consists of foreign currency losses or gains due to the revaluation of monetary assets and liabilities (primarily U.S. dollars). This line item includes a gain of 950,000 associated with the acquisition of a building upon a lease termination in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 and a gain of 2.7 million associated with the sale of our Aeropost subsidiary in October 2021. 
 (2) Reflects 7.7 million of separation costs associated with the departure of our former Chief Executive Officer in February 2023. 
 (3) Reflects 2.1 million of Aeropost-related write-offs in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 and 660,000 of a receivable written-off in connection with the settlement in the third quarter of fiscal year 2023 of a claim for indemnification from the buyer of the Aeropost business. 
 (4) Reflects 2.3 million of VAT receivables related to prior periods deemed not recoverable and written-off in the third quarter of fiscal year 2023 following unfavorable court rulings. 
 (5) Reflects 5.7 million of impairment primarily related to the write down of assets in connection with our decision in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 to seek to sell our Trinidad sustainable packaging plant. 
 Net Merchandise Sales - Constant Currency 
 As a multinational enterprise, we are exposed to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The translation of the operations of our foreign-based entities from their local currencies into U.S. dollars is sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and can have a significant impact on our reported financial results. We believe that constant currency is a useful measure, indicating the actual growth of our operations. When we use the term "net merchandise sales - constant currency", it means that we have translated current year net merchandise sales at prior year monthly average exchanges rates. Net merchandise sales - constant currency results exclude the effects of foreign currency translation. Impact of foreign currency is the effect of currency fluctuations on our net merchandise sales. Refer to Management s Discussion Analysis Net Merchandise Sales and Refer to Management s Discussion Analysis Comparable Net Merchandise Sales for our quantitative analysis and discussion. Reconciliations between net merchandise sales - constant currency and comparable net merchandise sales - constant currency and the most directly comparable GAAP measure are included where applicable. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of Fiscal Year 2023 to 2022 
 The following discussion and analysis compares the results of operations for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2023 and 2022 and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included elsewhere in this report. For a comparison of the fiscal years ended August 31, 2022 and 2021, please see Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022 filed with the SEC on October 31, 2022. Unless otherwise noted, all tables present U.S. dollar amounts in thousands. Certain percentages presented are calculated using actual results prior to rounding. Our operations consist of four reportable segments: Central America, the Caribbean, Colombia and the United States. The Company s reportable segments are based on management s organization of these locations into operating segments by general geographic location, which are used by management and the Company's chief operating decision maker in setting up management lines of responsibility, providing support services, and making operational decisions and assessments of financial performance. Segment amounts are presented after converting to U.S. dollars and consolidating eliminations. From time to time, we revise the measurement of each segment's operating income, including certain corporate overhead allocations, and other measures as determined by the information regularly reviewed by our chief operating decision maker. When we do so, the previous period amounts and balances are reclassified to conform to the current period's presentation. 
 
 Net Merchandise Sales 
 The following tables indicate the net merchandise sales in the reportable segments in which we operate and the percentage growth in net merchandise sales by segment during fiscal years 2023 and 2022: 
 Years Ended August 31, 2023 August 31, 2022 Amount of net sales Increase/ (Decrease) from prior year Change Amount of net sales Central America 2,620,002 60.9 283,502 12.1 2,336,500 59.2 Caribbean 1,250,700 29.1 111,377 9.8 1,139,323 28.9 Colombia 430,004 10.0 (38,990) (8.3) 468,994 11.9 Net merchandise sales 4,300,706 100.0 355,889 9.0 3,944,817 100.0 
 Overall, net merchandise sales grew by 9.0 for fiscal year 2023 compared to fiscal year 2022, driven by a 3.6 increase in transactions and a 5.2 increase in average ticket. Transactions represent the total number of visits our Members make to our warehouse clubs resulting in a sale and the total number of PriceSmart.com curbside pickup and delivery service transactions. Average ticket represents the amount our Members spend on each visit or PriceSmart.com order. We had 51 clubs in operation as of August 31, 2023 compared to 50 clubs as of August 31, 2022. 
 Net merchandise sales in our Central America segment increased 12.1 during fiscal year 2023. This increase had a 720 basis point (7.2 positive impact on total net merchandise sales growth. All markets within this segment had positive net merchandise sales growth for the twelve-month period ended August 31, 2023. We added one new club to the segment when compared to the comparable prior-year period. We opened our third warehouse club in El Salvador in May 2023. 
 Net merchandise sales in our Caribbean segment increased 9.8 during fiscal year 2023. This increase had a 280 basis point (2.8 positive impact on total net merchandise sales growth. All of our markets in this segment had positive net merchandise sales growth. 
 Net merchandise sales in our Colombia segment decreased 8.3 during fiscal year 2023. This decrease had a 100 basis point (1.0 negative impact on total net merchandise sales growth. The primary driver of the decreased sales for the year was due to the significant devaluation of the Colombian peso during the first three quarters of fiscal year 2023. During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, the Colombian peso appreciated compared to the comparable prior year period and net merchandise sales grew 2.1 in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 The following table indicates the impact that currency exchange rates had on our net merchandise sales in dollars and the percentage change from the twelve-month period ended August 31, 2023. When we use the term "net merchandise sales - constant currency", it means that we have translated current year net merchandise sales at prior year monthly average exchanges rates. Net merchandise sales - constant currency results exclude the effects of foreign currency translation. Impact of foreign currency is the effect of currency fluctuations on our net merchandise sales. 
 Year Ended 
 August 31, 2023 
 Net Merchandise Sales Net Merchandise Sales - Constant Currency Impact of Foreign Currency Exchange Net Merchandise Sales Growth/ (Decline) 
 Net Merchandise Sales - Constant Currency Growth Impact of Foreign Currency Exchange Central America 2,620,002 2,534,980 85,022 12.1 8.5 3.6 Caribbean 1,250,700 1,245,517 5,183 9.8 9.3 0.5 Colombia 430,004 492,581 (62,577) (8.3) 5.0 (13.3) Consolidated total 4,300,706 4,273,078 27,628 9.0 8.3 0.7 
 Overall, the effects of currency fluctuations within our markets had an approximately 27.6 million, or 70 basis point (0.7 ), positive impact on net merchandise sales for the twelve-months ended August 31, 2023. 
 Currency fluctuations had a 85.0 million, or 360 basis point (3.6 ), positive impact on net merchandise sales in our Central America segment for the twelve months ended August 31, 2023. These currency fluctuations contributed approximately 220 basis points (2.2 of positive impact on total net merchandise sales for fiscal year 2023. The Costa Rica col n appreciated significantly against the dollar as compared to the same period a year ago, which was a significant contributing factor to the favorable currency fluctuations in this segment. 
 Currency fluctuations had a 5.2 million, or 50 basis point (0.5 ), positive impact on net merchandise sales in our Caribbean segment for the twelve months ended August 31, 2023. These currency fluctuations contributed approximately 10 basis points (0.1 of positive impact on total net merchandise sales growth for the current fiscal year period. The positive impact was primarily driven by the appreciation of the Dominican peso as compared to the same period last year. 
 Currency fluctuations had a 62.6 million, or 1,330 basis point (13.3 ), negative impact on net merchandise sales in our Colombia segment for the twelve months ended August 31, 2023. These currency fluctuations contributed approximately 160 basis points (1.6 of negative impact on total net merchandise sales for the current fiscal year period. 
 
 Net Merchandise Sales by Category 
 The following table indicates the approximate percentage of net sales accounted for by each major category of items sold during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2023 and 2022: 
 Years Ended August 31, 2023 2022 Foods Sundries 50 49 Fresh Foods 29 29 Hardlines 11 11 Softlines 5 6 Other Business 5 5 Net Merchandise Sales 100 100 
 The mix of sales by major category changed slightly. Foods Sundries increased approximately 1 , while Softlines decreased approximately 1 between fiscal year 2023 and 2022. Shifts in consumer preferences contributed to the changes in category mix. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Comparable Merchandise Sales 
 We report comparable warehouse club sales on a same week basis with 13 weeks in each quarter beginning on a Monday and ending on a Sunday. The periods are established at the beginning of the fiscal year to provide as close a match as possible to the calendar month and quarter that is used for financial reporting purposes. This approach equalizes the number of weekend days and weekdays in each period for improved sales comparison, as we experience higher warehouse club sales on the weekends. Approximately every five years, the Company uses a 53-week year and a six-week August to account for the fact that 52 weeks is only 364 days. For fiscal year 2022, we used a 53-week year and a six-week August. However, for fiscal year 2023, we have 52 weeks as per the standard calendar year. Further, each of the warehouse clubs used in the calculations was open for at least 13 calendar months before its results for the current period were compared with its results for the prior period . As a result, sales related to one of our warehouse clubs opened during fiscal year 2023 will not be used in the calculation of comparable sales until they have been open for at least 13 months. Therefore, comparable net merchandise sales include 50 warehouse clubs for the fifty-two week period ended September 3, 2023 . 
 The following tables indicate the comparable net merchandise sales in the reportable segments in which we operate and the percentage changes in net merchandise sales by segment during the fifty-two week period ended September 3, 2023, compared to the same fifty-two week period of the prior year and the fifty-three week period ended September 4, 2022 compared to the fifty-three week period of the prior year: 
 Increase/(Decrease) in Comparable Net Merchandise Sales Fifty-Two Weeks Ended 
 Fifty-Three Weeks Ended September 3, 2023 September 4, 2022 Central America 10.9 10.4 Caribbean 5.9 12.7 Colombia (9.2) 4.5 Consolidated comparable net merchandise sales 7.1 10.4 
 Comparable net merchandise sales for those warehouse clubs that were open for at least 13 months for some or all of the fifty-two week period ended September 3, 2023 increased 7.1 . 
 Comparable net merchandise sales in our Central America segment increased 10.9 for the fifty-two week period ended September 3, 2023. The positive comparable net merchandise sales growth for our Central America segment contributed approximately 650 basis points (6.5 of positive impact in total comparable merchandise sales. 
 For the fifty-two weeks ended September 3, 2023, strong performance in our largest market, Costa Rica, contributed approximately 340 basis points (3.4 of positive impact on total comparable net merchandise sales. During the year, Costa Rica experienced significant appreciation of the Costa Rica col n versus the comparable prior year period, which positively affected comparable net merchandise sales. The relatively smaller markets of Honduras, Guatemala, Nicaragua, and El Salvador, along with our second largest market, Panama, contributed approximately 310 basis points (3.1 of positive impact on total comparable net merchandise sales. 
 Our Caribbean segment increased 5.9 for the fifty-two week period ended September 3, 2023. This increase contributed approximately 170 basis points (1.7 of positive impact in total comparable net merchandise sales. Our Dominican Republic market continued its strong performance in the fifty-two week period, with 12.4 comparable net merchandise sales growth. 
 Comparable net merchandise sales in our Colombia segment decreased 9.2 for the fifty-two week period ended September 3, 2023. This decrease contributed approximately 110 basis points (1.1 of negative impact to the increase in total comparable net merchandise sales. The year-to-date decrease is primarily due to the foreign currency devaluation. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 When we use the term "comparable net merchandise sales - constant currency", it means that we have translated current year comparable net merchandise sales at prior year monthly average exchanges rates. Comparable net merchandise sales - constant currency results exclude the effects of foreign currency translation. Impact of foreign currency is the effect of currency fluctuations on our comparable net merchandise sales. The following tables illustrate the comparable net merchandise sales - constant currency percentage growth and the impact that changes in foreign currency exchange rates had on our comparable merchandise sales percentage growth for the fifty-two week period ended September 3, 2023: 
 Fifty-Two Weeks Ended September 3, 2023 
 Comparable Net Merchandise Sales Growth/ (Decline) 
 Comparable Net Merchandise Sales - Constant Currency Growth Impact of Foreign Currency Exchange Central America 10.9 7.3 3.6 Caribbean 5.9 5.5 0.4 Colombia (9.2) 3.9 (13.1) Consolidated comparable net merchandise sales 7.1 6.3 0.8 
 Overall, the mix of currency fluctuations within our markets had an 80 basis point (0.8 positive impact on comparable net merchandise sales for the fifty-two week period ended September 3, 2023. 
 Currency fluctuations within our Central America segment accounted for approximately 240 basis points (2.4 of the positive impact on total comparable net merchandise sales for the fifty-two week period ended September 3, 2023. Our Costa Rica market was the main contributor as the market experienced currency appreciation when compared to the same periods last year. 
 Currency fluctuations within our Caribbean segment accounted for approximately 10 basis points (0.1 of positive impact on total comparable net merchandise sales for the fifty-two week period ended September 3, 2023. Our Dominican Republic market experienced currency appreciation when compared to the same period last year. 
 Currency fluctuations within our Colombia segment accounted for approximately 170 basis points (1.7 of negative impact on total comparable net merchandise sales for the fifty-two week period ended September 3, 2023. This reflects the devaluation of the Colombia peso throughout fiscal year 2023 when compared to the same period a year ago. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Membership Income 
 Membership income is recognized ratably over the one-year life of the membership. 
 
 Years Ended August 31, 2023 August 31, 2022 Amount of Total Operating Income 
 Increase/ (Decrease) from prior year Change Membership 
 income to 
 net merchandise 
 sales 
 Amount of Total Operating Income 
 Membership income - Central America 39,707 3,698 10.3 1.5 36,009 Membership income - Caribbean 17,635 1,290 7.9 1.4 16,345 Membership income - Colombia 8,706 173 2.0 2.0 8,533 Membership income - Total 66,048 35.8 5,161 8.5 1.5 60,887 36.4 Number of accounts - Central America 1,005,609 53,780 5.7 951,829 Number of accounts - Caribbean 467,661 13,964 3.1 453,697 Number of accounts - Colombia 334,345 (22,920) (6.4) 357,265 Number of accounts - Total 1,807,615 44,824 2.5 1,762,791 
 The number of Member accounts at the end of fiscal year 2023 was 2.5 higher than the prior year period. Membership income increased 8.5 compared to the comparable prior-year period. 
 Membership income increased in our Central America, Caribbean, and Colombia segments in the twelve months ended August 31, 2023. The consolidated increase in membership income is primarily due to an increase in the membership base since the comparable prior year period. Since August 31, 2022, our Central America and Caribbean segments have increased their membership base while our Colombia segment has faced a decline in its membership base. Inflation and significant foreign currency devaluation have adversely impacted our Members in that market. Despite the decline in membership base, our Colombia segment saw an increase in membership income due to an increase in the membership fees charged to Members. 
 We offer the Platinum Membership program in all locations where PriceSmart operates. The annual fee for a Platinum Membership in most markets is approximately 75. The Platinum Membership program provides Members with a 2 rebate on most items, up to an annual maximum of 500. We record the 2 rebate as a reduction on net merchandise sales at the time of the sales transaction. Platinum Membership accounts are 8.9 of our total membership base as of August 31, 2023, an increase from 7.4 as of August 31, 2022. Platinum Members tend to have higher renewal rates than our Diamond Members. For fiscal year 2023, our auto-renewal process accounted for approximately 6.9 of our total membership renewals. 
 Our trailing twelve-month renewal rate was 86.9 and 88.9 for the periods ended August 31, 2023 and August 31, 2022, respectively. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Other Revenue 
 Other revenue primarily consists of non-merchandise revenue from freight and handling fees generated from the marketplace and casillero operations we sold in October 2021, our interest-generating portfolio from our co-branded credit cards, and rental income from operating leases where the Company is the lessor. 
 
 Years Ended August 31, 2023 August 31, 2022 Amount Increase/ (Decrease) from prior year Change Amount Non-merchandise revenue (3,307) (100.0) 3,307 Miscellaneous income 11,173 1,776 18.9 9,397 Rental income 2,174 (294) (11.9) 2,468 Other revenue 13,347 (1,825) (12.0) 15,172 
 Comparison of 2023 to 2022 
 The primary driver of the decrease in other revenue for the year ended August 31, 2023 was the sale of our Aeropost subsidiary and its marketplace and casillero operations on October 1, 2021. This was partially offset by an increase in Miscellaneous revenue due to an increase in incentive fee revenue on our co-branded credit cards. For additional information on the results of the disposition, refer to Index to Consolidated Financial Statements: Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 

36 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Years Ended Results of Operations Consolidated August 31, 2023 August 31, 2022 (Amounts in thousands, except percentages and number of warehouse clubs) Net merchandise sales Net merchandise sales 4,300,706 3,944,817 Total gross margin 678,352 604,755 Total gross margin percentage 15.8 15.3 Revenues Total revenues 4,411,842 4,066,093 Percentage change from comparable period 8.5 12.3 Comparable net merchandise sales Total comparable net merchandise sales increase 7.1 
 10.4 
 Total revenue margin Total revenue margin 759,331 681,148 Total revenue margin percentage 17.2 16.8 Selling, general and administrative Selling, general and administrative 574,815 514,082 Selling, general and administrative percentage of total revenues 13.0 12.6 Operational data Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 275,659 234,905 Warehouse clubs at period end 51 50 Warehouse club sales floor square feet at period end 2,524 2,484 
 (1) See Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Non - GAAP Financial Measures for the definition of Adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation to GAAP net income attributable to PriceSmart as reported. 

37 

Table of Contents 

 Years Ended Results of Operations Consolidated August 31, 2023 of 
 Total Revenue 
 August 31, 2022 of 
 Total Revenue 
 Operating income- by segment Central America 191,721 4.3 171,119 4.2 Caribbean 87,223 2.0 79,022 1.9 Colombia 15,467 0.4 22,526 0.6 United States 29,844 0.7 23,364 0.6 Reconciling Items (1) 
 (139,739) (3.2) (128,965) (3.2) Operating income - Total 184,516 4.2 167,066 4.1 
 (1) The reconciling items reflect the amount eliminated upon consolidation of intersegment transactions. 
 The following table summarizes the selling, general and administrative expense for the periods disclosed: 
 Years Ended August 31, 2023 of 
 Total Revenue 
 August 31, 2022 of 
 Total Revenue 
 Selling, general and administrative detail: Warehouse club and other operations 417,272 9.4 378,161 9.3 General and administrative 134,783 3.1 133,185 3.3 Reserve for AMT settlement 
 7,179 0.2 Separation costs associated with Chief Executive Officer departure 7,747 0.2 Pre-opening expenses 1,432 1,471 Asset impairment and closure costs 
 5,658 0.1 Loss on disposal of assets 744 1,265 Total Selling, general and administrative 574,815 13.0 514,082 12.6 
 Total gross margin is derived from our Revenue Net merchandise sales less our Cost of goods sold Net merchandise sales and represents our sales and cost of sales generated from the business activities of our warehouse clubs. We express our Total gross margin percentage as a percentage of our Net merchandise sales. 
 On a consolidated basis, total gross margin as a percent of net merchandise sales for the twelve months ended August 31, 2023 was 15.8 , 50 basis points (0.5 higher than the comparable prior year period, respectively. Approximately 30 basis points (0.3 of this increase was due to lower markdowns when compared to the comparable prior year period. We took significant markdowns in the third quarter of fiscal year 2022 when we had excessive amounts of slow-moving inventory because of changing consumer preferences as Members began to resume buying patterns similar to our pre-pandemic sales mix. In addition, supply chain disruptions and shipping delays in the prior-year period led to our having excess out-of-season merchandise that we chose to liquidate to free up sales floor space for the holiday season last year. Our food service and bakery margins increased in fiscal year 2023 compared to the prior year period contributing another 30 basis points (0.3 to the increase and our freight and handling costs decreased during fiscal year 2023 which contributed an additional 10 basis points (0.1 to the increase. This was partially offset by our elimination of a COVID premium we included in the price of merchandise we sold and services we provided, contributing negative 20 basis points (0.2 to the increase. 
 Total revenue margin is derived from Total revenues, which includes our Net merchandise sales, Membership income, Export sales, and Other revenue and income less our Cost of goods sold for net merchandise sales, Export sales, and Non-merchandise revenues. We express our Total revenue margin as a percentage of Total revenues. 
 Total revenue margin increased 40 basis points (0.4 for the twelve months ended August 31, 2023 compared to the prior-year period, which is primarily the result of higher total gross margin as a percent of net merchandise sales of 50 basis points (0.5 ). 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Selling, general, and administrative expenses consist of warehouse club and other operations, general and administrative expenses, separation costs associated with the Chief Executive Officer departure, pre-opening expenses, asset impairment and closure costs, reserve for settlement of AMT, and loss (gain) on disposal of assets. In total, Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 60.7 million compared to the prior year and increased 40 basis points (0.4 to 13.0 of total revenue for fiscal year 2023 compared to 12.6 of total revenues for fiscal year 2022 offset, in part, by our Interim Chief Executive Officer's election not to receive compensation. 
 Warehouse club and other operations expenses increased to 9.4 of total revenues for fiscal year 2023 compared to 9.3 for fiscal year 2022, primarily due to our Costa Rica market which increased 20 basis points (0.2 as a percentage of revenue year over year due to the appreciation of the Costa Rica col n, and partially offset by our Colombia market which decreased 10 basis points (0.1 as a percentage of revenue year over year due to the devaluation of the Colombian peso. 
 General and administrative expenses decreased to 3.1 of total revenues for the current year compared to 3.3 for the prior fiscal year. The 20 basis point (0.2 decrease is primarily due to leveraging of general and administrative expenses while revenues increased in fiscal year 2023 compared to the prior year. 
 In the second quarter of fiscal year 2023, we recorded 7.7 million for separation and other related termination benefits for our former Chief Executive Officer who resigned effective February 3, 2023. Of this amount 4.2 million in net charges related to adjustments to non-cash stock-based compensation. We substantially fulfilled all payment obligations by the end of the second quarter of fiscal year 2023; however, some vesting of performance stock units will occur in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. On a go-forward basis, our Interim Chief Executive Officer has declined to receive compensation for his services during his term; therefore, we expect Selling, general and administrative expenses will be positively impacted by 2.5 million of savings each quarter during his term, reduced by salary increases for other executives related to the change in leadership . 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, we recorded 5.7 million of asset impairment and closure costs primarily related to the write down of the assets held for sale of our Trinidad sustainable packaging plant to their estimated fair value upon our decision to seek to sell the plant. We planned to use the plant to increase efficiencies by eliminating intermediaries in packaging and labeling and manufacturing some of our packaging materials using compostable or recyclable inputs. However, we found that achieving economic feasibility for this business proved challenging. Therefore, we decided to refocus our efforts on our core competencies as a retailer and redeploy assets we could use in our club business and seek a buyer for the remainder. 
 Additionally, in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, we recorded a 7.2 million charge to settle litigation regarding several AMT cases in one of our markets where the application of complex tax laws are subject to interpretation. In that country, we had challenged AMT rules requiring us to pay taxes based on a percentage of sales if the percentage of sales method resulted in a higher amount of tax payable than the amount payable based on taxable income at the statutory rate. Of this amount, 1.0 million relates to our write-off of an income tax receivable we had recorded with respect to taxes we previously paid on the percentage of sales basis in one tax year and for which we had sought a refund that we now no longer expect to receive. We will make a payment of 6.2 million to resolve amounts due for tax years in which we made tax payments using the original computation based on taxable income rather than the percentage of sales method. As part of the settlement, going forward we will pay the higher of the minimum tax or the amount based on taxable income at the statutory rate. As a result, we have accrued an additional 2.0 million of AMT for fiscal year 2023. For the three and twelve-months ended August 31, 2023, net income attributable to PriceSmart was negatively impacted by 9.2 million in total and diluted earnings per share was negatively impacted by 0.30. 
 Operating income in fiscal year 2023 increased to 184.5 million (4.2 of total revenue) compared to 167.1 million (4.1 of total revenue) for the same period last year. Operating income was impacted negatively by 9.2 million (0.2 of total revenue) for costs related to the reserve for the AMT settlement and 5.7 million (0.1 of total revenue) of asset impairment and closure costs. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Income 
 Net interest income represents the earnings generated from interest-bearing assets held by PriceSmart, Inc. and our wholly owned foreign subsidiaries. These assets include investments in fixed income securities and deposits held with financial institutions. The interest income is derived from the interest payments received on these assets, which serve to enhance our overall financial returns. 
 Years Ended August 31, 2023 August 31, 2022 Amount Change Amount Interest income 9,871 7,670 2,201 
 Net interest income increased for the twelve-month period ended August 31, 2023 primarily due to an increase in investments at higher yields when compared to the comparable prior year period. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 Years Ended August 31, 2023 August 31, 2022 Amount Change Amount Interest expense on loans 11,898 4,258 7,640 Interest expense related to hedging activity 1,205 (2,029) 3,234 Less: Capitalized interest (2,083) (820) (1,263) Net interest expense 11,020 1,409 9,611 
 Net interest expense reflects borrowings by PriceSmart, Inc. and our wholly owned foreign subsidiaries to finance new land acquisition and construction for new warehouse clubs and distribution centers, warehouse club expansions, the capital requirements of warehouse club and other operations, and ongoing working capital requirements. 
 Net interest expense increased for the twelve-month period ended August 31, 2023, primarily due to higher interest rates on short-term borrowings and higher long-term borrowings outstanding when compared to the comparable prior year period. In addition, the Company had less interest expense related to hedging activity because of fewer outstanding swaps for the twelve-month period ended August 31, 2023. 
 
 Other Expense, net 
 Other expense, net consists of currency gains or losses, as well as net benefit costs related to our defined benefit plans and other items considered to be non-operating in nature. 
 Years Ended August 31, 2023 August 31, 2022 Amount Change Amount Other expense, net (14,156) (10,921) (3,235) 
 Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the respective entity (primarily U.S. dollars) are revalued to the functional currency using the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. These foreign exchange transaction gains/(losses) are recorded as currency gains or losses. Additionally, gains or losses from transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the respective entity also generate currency gains or losses. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 For the twelve-months ended August 31, 2023 the primary driver of Other expense, net included 8.5 million of losses due to revaluation of monetary assets and liabilities (primarily U.S. dollars) in several of our markets. Of those amounts, Costa Rica contributed a 3.5 million revaluation loss, due to the impact of the appreciation of the Costa Rican Col n on our U.S. dollar monetary net assets in Costa Rica. In addition, we incurred transaction costs in some of our countries with liquidity issues of 7.6 million during the twelve months ended August 31, 2023, associated with increased spreads and converting the local currencies into available tradable currencies before converting them to U.S. dollars. 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 The tables below summarize the effective tax rate for the periods reported: 
 Years Ended August 31, 2023 August 31, 2022 Amount Change Amount Current tax expense 63,243 8,085 55,158 Net deferred tax benefit (3,292) 8 (3,300) Provision for income taxes 59,951 8,093 51,858 Effective tax rate 35.4 33.2 
 For fiscal year 2023, the effective tax rate was 35.4 compared to 33.2 for fiscal year 2022. The increase is primarily driven by the comparably unfavorable impact of write-offs of VAT receivables, Aeropost write-offs and asset impairment and related closure costs of 2.2 and a 1.8 unfavorable impact due to the AMT settlement. This was partially offset by a greater portion of income falling into lower tax jurisdictions which resulted in a 2.0 favorable impact. 
 
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Other comprehensive loss for fiscal years 2023 and 2022 resulted primarily from foreign currency translation adjustments related to the assets and liabilities and the translation of the statements of income related to revenue, costs and expenses of our subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar. When the functional currency in our international subsidiaries is the local currency and not U.S. dollars, the assets and liabilities of such subsidiaries are translated to U.S. dollars at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date, and revenue, costs and expenses are translated at average rates of exchange in effect during the period. The corresponding translation gains and losses are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income or loss. These adjustments will not affect net income until the sale or liquidation of the underlying investment. The reported other comprehensive income or loss reflects the unrealized increase or decrease in the value in U.S. dollars of the net assets of the subsidiaries as of the date of the balance sheet, which will vary from period to period as exchange rates fluctuate. 
 Years Ended August 31, 2023 August 31, 2022 Amount Change From Prior Year Change Amount Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 31,594 44,672 341.6 (13,078) 
 Other comprehensive income for fiscal year 2023 of approximately 31.6 million was primarily the result of the comprehensive gain of 33.7 million from foreign currency translation adjustments along with approximately 1.7 million related to unrealized losses on changes in the fair value of accrued pension obligations and 0.5 million related to unrealized losses on changes in the fair value of our derivative obligations. During fiscal year 2023, the largest translation adjustments were related to the appreciation of the local currency against the U.S. dollar of our Costa Rica and Colombia subsidiaries, partially offset by the devaluation of the local currencies against the U.S. dollar for our Dominican Republic subsidiary. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Financial Position and Cash Flow 
 Our operations have historically supplied us with a significant source of liquidity. We generate cash from operations primarily through net merchandise sales and membership fees. Cash used in operations generally consist of payments to our merchandise vendors, warehouse club and distribution center operating costs (including payroll, employee benefits and utilities), as well as payments for income taxes. Our cash flows provided by operating activities, supplemented with our long-term debt and short-term borrowings, have generally been sufficient to fund our operations while allowing us to invest in activities that support the long-term growth of our operations. We also have returned cash to stockholders through a semiannual dividend and by repurchasing shares of our common stock pursuant to the stock repurchase program we commenced in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 and completed in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. We evaluate our funding requirements on a regular basis to cover any shortfall in our ability to generate sufficient cash from operations to meet our capital requirements. We may consider funding alternatives to provide additional liquidity if necessary. Refer to Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 11 - Debt for additional information regarding amounts outstanding on our short-term facilities and our long-term borrowings, and any repayments. 
 Repatriation of cash and cash equivalents held by foreign subsidiaries may require us to accrue and pay taxes for certain jurisdictions. If we decide to repatriate cash through the payment of cash dividends by our foreign subsidiaries to our domestic operations, we will accrue taxes if and when appropriate. 
 The following table summarizes the cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash, held by our foreign subsidiaries and domestically (in thousands): 
 August 31, 2023 August 31, 2022 Amounts held by foreign subsidiaries 139,050 203,952 Amounts held domestically 113,152 47,421 Total cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash 252,202 251,373 
 The following table summarizes the short-term investments held by our foreign subsidiaries and domestically (in thousands): 
 August 31, 2023 August 31, 2022 Amounts held by foreign subsidiaries 74,294 11,160 Amounts held domestically 16,787 Total short-term investments 91,081 11,160 
 As of August 31, 2023 and August 31, 2022, there were no certificates of deposit with a maturity of over a year held by our foreign subsidiaries or domestically. 
 From time to time, we have experienced a lack of availability of U.S. dollars in certain markets (U.S. dollar illiquidity). This impedes our ability to convert local currencies obtained through merchandise sales into U.S. dollars to settle the U.S. dollar liabilities associated with our imported products or otherwise fund our operations. Since fiscal year 2017, we have experienced this situation in Trinidad and have been unable to source a sufficient level of tradable currencies. We are working with our banks in Trinidad and government officials to convert all of our Trinidad dollars into tradable currencies. During the third quarter of fiscal year 2023, the Honduran Central Bank began limiting the availability and controlling the allocation of U.S. dollars for the conversion from Honduran lempiras to U.S. dollars. We are actively working with our banking partners and government authorities to address this situation. We have and continue to take additional actions in this respect. Refer to Management s Discussion Analysis Factors Affecting Our Business for our quantitative analysis and discussion. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Our cash flows are summarized as follows (in thousands): 
 Years Ended August 31, 2023 August 31, 2022 Change Net cash provided by operating activities 257,331 121,829 135,502 Net cash used in investing activities (222,082) (74,756) (147,326) Net cash used in financing activities (41,055) (12,209) (28,846) Effect of exchange rates 6,635 1,030 5,605 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents 829 35,894 (35,065) 
 Net cash provided by operating activities totaled 257.3 million and 121.8 million for the twelve months ended August 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities is primarily the result of a net positive change in working capital generated from changes in our merchandise inventory and accounts payable positions, which contributed 84.9 million, and net a positive change in our other various operating assets and liabilities. Specifically, changes in our various operating assets and liabilities resulted in 17.6 million cash provided for fiscal year 2023 compared to 13.8 million use of cash in the same accounts for fiscal year 2022. 
 Net cash used in investing activities totaled 222.1 million and 74.8 million, respectively, for the years ended August 31, 2023 and August 31, 2022. The increase is primarily the result of an increase in purchases of certificates of deposits compared to the same twelve-month period a year-ago. Additionally, the increase included higher property and equipment expenditures compared to the same twelve-month period a year-ago to support growth of our real estate footprint. 
 Net cash used in financing activities totaled 41.1 million and 12.2 million for the twelve months ended August 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We use cash flows provided by financing primarily to fund our working capital needs, our warehouse club and distribution center acquisitions and expansions, and investments in technology to support our omni-channel initiatives. The 28.8 million increase in cash used in financing activities is primarily the result of a net decrease of proceeds from short-term borrowings compared to the same period a year-ago. 
 The following table summarizes the dividends declared and paid during fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021 (amounts are per share): 
 First Payment Second Payment Declared Amount Record Date Date Paid Amount Record Date Date Paid Amount 2/3/2023 0.92 2/16/2023 2/28/2023 0.46 8/15/2023 8/31/2023 0.46 2/3/2022 0.86 2/15/2022 2/28/2022 0.43 8/15/2022 8/31/2022 0.43 2/4/2021 0.70 2/15/2021 2/26/2021 0.35 8/15/2021 8/31/2021 0.35 
 Short-Term Borrowings and Long-Term Debt 
 Our financing strategy is to ensure liquidity and access to capital markets while minimizing our borrowing costs. The proceeds of these borrowings were or will be used for general corporate purposes, which may include, among other things, funding for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and repayment of existing debt. Refer to Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 11 - Debt. for further discussion. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Future Lease Commitments 
 We place a strong emphasis on managing future lease commitments related to various facilities and equipment that support our operations. We believe our current liquidity and cash flow projections can cover future lease commitments. As of August 31, 2023, we have signed one lease agreement which has not yet commenced. Refer to Part II. "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies" for further discussion. 
 Repurchase of Common Stock and Reissuance of Treasury Shares Related to Employee Stock Awards 
 At the vesting dates for restricted stock awards to our employees, we repurchase a portion of the shares that have vested at the prior day's closing price per share and apply the proceeds to pay the employees' minimum statutory tax withholding requirements related to the vesting of restricted stock awards. The Company expects this practice going forward. 
 Shares of common stock repurchased by us are recorded at cost as treasury stock and result in the reduction of stockholders equity in our consolidated balance sheets. We may reissue these treasury shares. 
 The following table summarizes the equity securities repurchased as part of the Company's stock-based compensation programs during fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021: 
 Years Ended August 31, 2023 August 31, 2022 August 31, 2021 Shares repurchased 99,998 88,415 62,282 Cost of repurchase of shares (in thousands) 7,245 6,259 5,542 
 We reissued 6,333 treasury shares as part of our stock-based compensation programs during fiscal year 2023, 8,300 treasury shares during fiscal year 2022 and 96,400 treasury shares during fiscal year 2021. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 In July 2023 we announced a program authorized by our Board of Directors to repurchase up to 75 million of our common stock. Subsequent to our fiscal year that ended on August 31, 2023, we successfully completed the share repurchase program. We purchased a total of approximately 1,007,000 shares of our common stock under the program. The repurchases were made on the open market pursuant to a trading plan established pursuant to Rule 10(b)5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which permits common stock to be repurchased at a time that we might otherwise be precluded from doing so under insider trading laws or self-imposed trading restrictions. We do not expect to continue repurchases or adopt a new repurchase plan at this time. However, the Board of Directors could choose to commence another program in the future at its discretion after its review of the Company s financial performance and anticipated capital requirements. 
 Share repurchase activity under the Company s repurchase programs for the periods indicated was as follows (total cost in thousands): 
 Years Ended 
 August 31, 2023 August 31, 2022 Number of common shares acquired 
 71,530 Average price per common share acquired 78.54 Total cost of common share acquired 5,618 
 For further information, refer to Part II. Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP in the United States. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires that management make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Some of our accounting policies require management to make difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. 
 We evaluate our accounting policies and significant estimates on an ongoing basis, including those related to contingencies and litigation, income taxes, value added taxes, and long-lived assets. We base our estimates on historical experience and on other assumptions that management believes to be reasonable under the present circumstances. Using different estimates could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We believe that the accounting policies described below involve a significant degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, we believe these are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. For further information, refer to Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 Income Taxes 
 We account for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Under the asset and liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences and carry-forwards are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts expected to be realized. 
 As of August 31, 2023, we evaluated our deferred tax assets and liabilities and determined that a valuation allowance was necessary for certain deferred tax asset balances, primarily because of the existence of significant negative objective evidence, such as the fact that certain subsidiaries are in a cumulative loss position for the past three years, indicating that certain net operating loss carry-forward periods are not sufficient to realize the related deferred tax assets. We also specifically considered whether foreign tax credit balances could be utilized in the foreseeable future in light of current and future U.S. tax liabilities. We have historically applied foreign tax credits, generated from taxes withheld on certain payments PriceSmart receives from our foreign subsidiaries, to reduce U.S. income tax liabilities. However, as an incidental result of U.S. tax reform, following the reduction of the U.S. corporate income tax rate from 35 to 21 , we expect foreign tax credits generated to exceed U.S. income tax liability for the foreseeable future. Therefore, for the twelve-month period ended August 31, 2023 and August 31, 2022, we have recorded valuation allowances of 12.6 million and 11.8 million against our foreign tax credits, respectively. 
 We are required to file federal and state income tax returns in the United States and various other tax returns in foreign jurisdictions. The preparation of these tax returns requires us to interpret the applicable tax laws and regulations in effect in such jurisdictions, which could affect the amount of tax paid by us. We, in consultation with our tax advisors, base our tax returns on interpretations that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. The tax returns, however, are subject to routine reviews by the various taxing authorities in the jurisdictions in which we file our tax returns. As part of these reviews, a taxing authority may disagree with respect to the interpretations we used to calculate our tax liability and therefore require us to pay additional taxes. 
 We accrue an amount for our estimate of probable additional income tax liability. In certain cases, the impact of an uncertain income tax position on the income tax return must be recognized at the largest amount that is more likely than not to be sustained upon audit by the relevant tax authority. An uncertain income tax position will not be recognized if it has 50 or less likelihood of being sustained. This requires significant judgment, the use of estimates, and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. When facts and circumstances change, we reassess these probabilities and record any changes in the consolidated financial statements as appropriate. There were no material changes in our uncertain income tax positions for the period ended on August 31, 2023. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Tax Receivables 
 We pay Value Added Tax VAT or similar taxes, income taxes, and other taxes within the normal course of our business in most of the countries in which we operate related to the procurement of merchandise and/or services we acquire and/or on sales and taxable income. VAT is a form of indirect tax applied to the value added at each stage of production (primary, manufacturing, wholesale and retail). This tax is similar to, but operates somewhat differently than, sales tax paid in the United States. We generally collect VAT from our Members upon sale of goods and services and pay VAT to our vendors upon purchase of goods and services. Periodically, we submit VAT reports to governmental agencies and reconcile the VAT paid and VAT received. The net overpaid VAT may be refunded or applied to subsequent returns, and the net underpaid VAT must be remitted to the government. 
 With respect to income taxes paid, if the estimated income taxes paid or withheld exceed the actual income tax due this creates an income tax receivable. In most countries where we operate, the governments have implemented additional collection procedures, such as requiring credit card processors to remit a portion of sales processed via credit and debit cards directly to the government as advance payments of VAT and/or income tax. This collection mechanism generally leaves us with net VAT and/or income tax receivables, forcing us to process significant refund claims on a recurring basis. These refund or offset processes can take anywhere from several months to several years to complete. 
 In two countries where the Company operates, minimum income tax rules require the Company to pay taxes based on a percentage of sales if the resulting tax were greater than the tax payable based on a percentage of income (AMT). As a result, the Company is making AMT payments substantially in excess of those it would expect to pay based on taxable income. The Company had income tax receivables of 10.7 million and 11.0 million as of August 31, 2023 and August 31, 2022, respectively, and deferred tax assets of 3.7 million and 3.5 million as of August 31, 2023 and August 31, 2022, respectively, in these countries. 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, we recorded a 7.2 million charge to settle the AMT payment dispute in one of the aforementioned countries. Of this amount, 1.0 million is a reserve we recorded against an income tax receivable for one of the tax years for which we sought a refund and the remaining 6.2 million is an accrual for the unpaid years of the dispute in which we made tax payments using the original computation based on taxable income. 
 While the rules related to refunds of income tax receivables in these countries are either unclear or complex, the Company has not placed any type of allowance on the recoverability of the remaining tax receivables, deferred tax assets or amounts that may be deemed under-paid, because the Company believes that it is more likely than not that it will ultimately succeed in its refund requests and appeals of these rules. 
 In one of the countries with a significant VAT receivable balance, the Company received unfavorable rulings at the supreme court level of that country denying a portion of the Company s appeals for refund of over-withholdings of VAT. After evaluating the merits of the Company s arguments, the court s decision, and probability that the other related refund appeals would receive the same judgment, the Company concluded that a total of 2.3 million of related VAT receivable would not be recoverable and this amount was written-off in the third quarter of fiscal year 2023. These charges were recorded in the Warehouse club and other expenses line item under the Selling, general and administrative caption within the consolidated statements of income. 
 The Company's various outstanding VAT receivables and/or income tax receivables are based on cases or appeals with their own set of facts and circumstances. The Company consults and evaluates with legal and tax advisors regularly to understand the strength of its legal arguments and probability of successful outcomes in addition to its own experience handling complex tax issues. Based on those evaluations, the Company has not placed any type of allowance on the recoverability of the remaining tax receivables or deferred tax assets, because the Company believes that it is more likely than not that it will ultimately succeed in its refund requests. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Our policy for classification and presentation of VAT receivables, income tax receivables and other tax receivables is as follows: 
 Short-term VAT and Income tax receivables, recorded as Prepaid expenses and other current assets: This classification is used for any countries where our subsidiary has generally demonstrated the ability to recover the VAT or income tax receivable within one year. We also classify as short-term any approved refunds or credit notes to the extent that we expect to receive the refund or use the credit notes within one year. 
 Long-term VAT and Income tax receivables, recorded as Other non-current assets: This classification is used for amounts not approved for refund or credit in countries where our subsidiary has not demonstrated the ability to obtain refunds within one year and/or for amounts which are subject to outstanding disputes. An allowance is provided against VAT and income tax receivable balances in dispute when we do not expect to eventually prevail in our recovery of such balances. We do not currently have any allowances provided against VAT and income tax receivables. 
 Long-lived Assets 
 We periodically evaluate our long-lived assets for indicators of impairment. Indicators that an asset may be impaired are: 
 the asset's inability to continue to generate income from operations and positive cash flow in future periods; 
 loss of legal ownership or title to the asset; 
 significant changes in its strategic business objectives and utilization of the asset(s); and 
 the impact of significant negative industry or economic trends. 
 Management's judgments are based on market and operational conditions at the time of the evaluation and can include management's best estimate of future business activity, which in turn drives estimates of future cash flows from these assets. These periodic evaluations could cause management to conclude that impairment factors exist, requiring an adjustment of these assets to their then-current fair market value. Future business conditions and/or activity could differ materially from the projections made by management causing the need for additional impairment charges. During fiscal year 2023, we recorded asset impairment and closure cost charges of 5.7 million primarily related to our Trinidad sustainable packaging plant to mark our available-for-sale assets down to their fair market value because we decided to discontinue its operations. We did not record any other impairment charges during fiscal year 2023 related to the loss of legal ownership or title to assets; significant changes in the Company's strategic business objectives or utilization of assets; or the impact of significant negative industry or economic trends. Loss on disposal of assets recorded during the years reported resulted from improvements to operations and normal preventive maintenance. 
 
 Seasonality and Quarterly Fluctuations 
 Historically, our merchandising businesses have experienced holiday retail seasonality in their markets. In addition to seasonal fluctuations, our operating results fluctuate quarter-to-quarter as a result of economic and political events in markets that we serve, the timing of holidays, weather, the timing of shipments, product mix, and currency effects on the cost of U.S.-sourced products which may make these products more or less expensive in local currencies and therefore more or less affordable. Because of such fluctuations, the results of operations of any quarter are not indicative of the results that may be achieved for a full fiscal year or any future quarter. In addition, there can be no assurance that our future results will be consistent with past results or the projections of securities analysts. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 We are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity price risk. These market risks arise in the normal course of business. We do not engage in speculative trading activities. To manage the risk arising from these exposures, we utilize interest rate swaps, cross-currency interest rate swaps, non-deliverable foreign currency forward contracts and loans denominated in foreign currencies. 
 Information about the change in the fair value of our hedges and the financial impact thereof for the twelve-month period ended August 31, 2023 is disclosed in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 13 - Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities. 
 Information about the movements in currency exchange rates and the related impact on the translation of the balance sheets of our subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar for the twelve-month period ended August 31, 2023 is disclosed in Item 7. Management s Discussion Analysis Other Comprehensive Loss. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Each market risk sensitivity analysis presented below is based on hypothetical scenarios used to calibrate potential risk and do not represent our view of future market changes. The effect of a change in a particular assumption is calculated without adjusting any other assumption. In reality, however, a change in one factor could cause a change in another factor, which may magnify or negate other sensitivities. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to changes in interest rates as a result of our short-term borrowings and long-term debt borrowings. We have mitigated a portion of our interest rate risk by managing the mix of fixed and variable rate debt and by entering into interest rate swaps and cross-currency interest rate swaps to hedge interest rate risk. The notional amount, interest payment and maturity dates of the swap match the terms of the associated debt. 
 The table below provides information about our financial instruments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. For debt obligations, the table represents the principal cash flows and related weighted-average interest rates by expected maturity dates. For interest rate swaps, including cross-currency interest rate swaps, the table represents the contractual cash flows and weighted-average interest rates by the contractual maturity date, unless otherwise noted. The notional amounts are used to calculate contractual cash flows to be exchanged under the contracts. The weighted-average variable rates are based upon prevailing market interest rates and the outstanding balances as of August 31, 2023. 
 Annual maturities of long-term debt and derivatives are as follow (in thousands): 
 Twelve Months Ended August 31, (Amounts in thousands) 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total Long-Term Debt (Unhedged): Long-term debt with fixed interest rate 12,869 13,263 10,199 6,944 17,512 14,186 74,973 (1) 
 Weighted-average interest rate 6.50 6.50 6.50 6.20 6.20 6.60 6.40 Long-term debt with variable interest rate 7,324 22,888 8,251 26,244 64,707 Weighted-average interest rate 6.00 6.00 4.90 3.70 5.40 Total long-term debt 20,193 36,151 18,450 33,188 17,512 14,186 139,680 (1) 
 Derivatives: Interest Rate Swaps: Variable to fixed interest 1,275 1,275 1,275 26,244 30,069 (2) 
 Weighted-average pay rate 3.65 3.65 3.65 3.65 3.65 Weighted-average receive rate 7.02 7.02 7.02 7.02 7.02 Cross-Currency Interest Rate Swaps: Variable to fixed interest 3,329 19,770 23,099 (2) 
 Weighted-average pay rate 7.92 7.92 7.92 Weighted-average receive rate 7.80 7.79 7.79 Long-Term Debt Payments with Fixed Interest or Subject to Financial Derivatives: Long-term debt with fixed interest rate or with variable to fixed interest rate swaps 17,473 34,308 11,474 33,188 17,512 14,186 128,141 Portion of long-term debt with fixed interest rate or with variable to fixed interest rate swaps 86.5 94.9 62.2 100.0 100.0 100.0 91.7 Portion of long-term debt with variable interest rates and no swaps 13.5 5.1 37.8 8.3 
 (1) The Company has disclosed the future annual maturities of long-term debt, for which it has entered into cross-currency interest rate swaps by using the derivative obligation as of August 31, 2023 to estimate the future commitments. Therefore, the total annual commitments reflects these obligations, including the effect of the cross-currency interest rate swaps on the total-long term debt as disclosed on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 (2) The derivative obligations of the interest rate swaps and cross-currency interest rate swaps are included in the Total long-term debt section of this table. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We have foreign currency risks related to sales, operating expenses and financing transactions in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. As of August 31, 2023, we had a total of 51 consolidated warehouse clubs operating in 12 foreign countries and one U.S. territory, 40 of which operate under currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Approximately 48.4 of our net merchandise sales are comprised of products we purchased in U.S. dollars that were sold in countries whose currencies were other than the U.S. dollar. Approximately 78.8 of our net merchandise sales are in markets whose functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar. We may enter into additional foreign countries in the future or open additional locations in existing countries, which may increase the percentage of net merchandise sales denominated in foreign currencies. 
 Currency exchange rate changes either increase or decrease the cost of imported products that we purchase in U.S. dollars and price in local currency. Price changes can impact the demand for those products in the market. Currency exchange rates also affect the reported sales of the consolidated company when local currency-denominated sales are translated to U.S. dollars. In addition, we revalue all U.S. dollar denominated assets and liabilities within those markets that do not use the U.S. dollar as the functional currency. These assets and liabilities include, but are not limited to, excess cash permanently reinvested offshore and the value of items shipped from the U.S. to our foreign markets. The gain or loss associated with this revaluation, net of reserves, is recorded in other income (expense). 
 Foreign currencies in most of the countries where we operate have historically devalued against the U.S. dollar and are expected to continue to devalue. The following tables summarize by country, for those countries with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar, the weakening of the countries' currency against the U.S. dollar (devaluation) or the strengthening of their currencies (revaluation): 
 Country Revaluation/(Devaluation) Twelve Months Ended August 31, 2023 
 2022 Change Change Colombia 7.15 (15.58) Costa Rica 18.30 (5.25) Dominican Republic (7.06) 6.87 Guatemala (1.72) (0.11) Honduras (0.48) (2.37) Jamaica (2.29) 0.40 Nicaragua (1.42) (2.00) Trinidad (0.09) 0.67 
 We seek to manage foreign exchange risk by (1) adjusting prices on goods acquired in U.S. dollars on a periodic basis to maintain our target margins after taking into account changes in exchange rates; (2) obtaining local currency loans from banks within certain markets where it is economical to do so and where management believes the risk of devaluation and the level of U.S. dollar denominated liabilities warrants this action; (3) reducing the time between the acquisition of product in U.S. dollars and the settlement of that purchase in local currency; (4) maintaining a balance between assets held in local currency and in U.S. dollars; and (5) by entering into cross-currency interest rate swaps and forward currency derivatives. We have local-currency-denominated long-term loans in Barbados, Honduras and Guatemala; we have cross-currency interest rate swaps in Colombia; and we have interest rate swaps in the United States. Turbulence in the currency markets can have a significant impact on the value of the foreign currencies within the countries in which we operate. We report the gains or losses associated with the revaluation of these monetary assets and liabilities on our consolidated statements of income under the heading Other income (expense), net. Future volatility and uncertainties regarding the currencies in the countries that we operate in could have a material impact on our operations in future periods. However, there is no way to accurately forecast how currencies may trade in the future and, as a result, we cannot accurately project the impact of the change in rates on our future demand for imported products, reported sales, or financial results. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 We are exposed to foreign exchange risks related to U.S. dollar-denominated and other foreign-denominated cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, to U.S. dollar-denominated intercompany debt balances and to other U.S. dollar-denominated debt/asset balances (excluding U.S. dollar-denominated debt obligations for which we hedge a portion of the currency risk inherent in the interest and principal payments), within entities whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar. As part of the adoption of the new leasing standard, we recorded several monetary liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet that are exposed to foreign exchange movements. These monetary liabilities arise from leases denominated in a currency that is not the functional currency of the Company s local subsidiary. The monetary liability for these leases as of August 31, 2023 was 32.5 million. Due to the mix of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations during fiscal year 2023, the impact to the consolidated statements of income of revaluing this liability was immaterial. 
 The following table discloses the net effect on other expense, net for U.S. dollar-denominated and other foreign-denominated accounts relative to a hypothetical simultaneous currency revaluation based on balances as of August 31, 2023 (in thousands) including the lease-related monetary liabilities described above: 
 Overall weighted negative currency movement Losses based on change in U.S. dollar denominated and other foreign denominated cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash balances Gains based on change in U.S. dollar denominated inter-company balances Gains based on change in U.S. dollar denominated other asset/liability balances Net Loss (1) 
 5 (2,477) 1,201 508 (768) 10 (4,955) 2,402 1,016 (1,537) 20 (9,909) 4,803 2,031 (3,075) 
 (1) Amounts are before consideration of income taxes. 
 Information about the financial impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations for the twelve months ended August 31, 2023 is disclosed in Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis Other Expense, net. 
 Examples of where we have significant U.S. dollar net asset positions subjecting us to exchange rate losses if the local currency strengthens against the U.S. dollar are our Trinidad, Costa Rica, and Nicaragua subsidiaries, with balances of 35.7 million, 35.5 million, and 30.3 million, respectively, as of August 31, 2023. Examples where we have significant U.S. dollar net liability positions subjecting us to exchange rate losses if the local currency weakens against the U.S. dollar are our Honduras, Guatemala, and Dominican Republic subsidiaries, with balances of 26.3 million, 24.8 million, and 12.1 million, respectively, as of August 31, 2023. 
 We are also exposed to foreign exchange risks related to local-currency-denominated cash and cash equivalents, to local-currency-denominated debt obligations, to local-currency-denominated current assets and liabilities and to local-currency-denominated long-term assets and liabilities within entities whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar. The following table discloses the net effect on other comprehensive loss for these local currency denominated accounts relative to hypothetical simultaneous currency devaluation in all the countries listed in the table above, based on balances as of August 31, 2023: 
 Overall weighted negative currency movement Other comprehensive loss on the decline in local currency denominated cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash (in thousands) Other comprehensive gain on the decline in foreign currency denominated debt obligations (in thousands) Other comprehensive loss on the decline in all other foreign currency denominated current assets net of current liabilities (in thousands) Other comprehensive loss on the decline in all other foreign currency denominated long-term assets net of long-term liabilities (in thousands) 5 3,078 (4,904) 5,772 31,741 10 6,156 (9,807) 11,544 63,482 20 12,313 (19,614) 23,089 126,965 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations associated with our U.S. dollar-denominated debt obligations that we hedge. We hedge a portion of the currency risk inherent in the interest and principal payments associated with this debt through the use of cross-currency interest rate swaps. The terms of these swap agreements are commensurate with the underlying debt obligations. The aggregate fair value of these swaps was in a net asset position of approximately 2.3 million at August 31, 2023 and approximately 12.9 million at August 31, 2022. A hypothetical 10 increase in the currency exchange rates underlying these swaps from the market rates at August 31, 2023 would have resulted in a further increase in the value of the swaps of approximately 3.3 million. Conversely, a hypothetical 10 decrease in the currency exchange rates underlying these swaps from the market rates at August 31, 2023 would have resulted in a net decrease in the value of the swaps of approximately 4.1 million. 
 From time to time, we use non-deliverable forward foreign exchange contracts primarily to address exposure to U.S. dollar merchandise inventory expenditures made by our international subsidiaries whose functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar. The net increase or decrease in the fair value of these derivative instruments would be economically offset by the gains or losses on the underlying transactions. 
 From time to time, we have experienced a lack of availability of U.S. dollars in certain markets (U.S. dollar illiquidity). This impedes our ability to convert local currencies obtained through merchandise sales into U.S. dollars to settle the U.S. dollar liabilities associated with our imported products and to otherwise redeploy these funds in our Company. Since fiscal year 2017, we have experienced this situation in Trinidad and have been unable to source a sufficient level of tradable currencies. We are working with our banks in Trinidad to source tradable currencies. During the third quarter of fiscal year 2023, the Honduran Central Bank began limiting the availability and controlling the allocation of U.S. dollars for the conversion from Honduran lempiras to U.S. dollars. W e are actively working with our banking partners and government authorities to address this situation. Refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion Analysis Factors Affecting Our Business and Item 7. Management s Discussion Analysis Liquidity: Financial Position and Cash Flow for our quantitative analysis and discussion. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 The increasing price of oil and certain commodities could have a negative effect on our operating costs and sales. Higher oil prices can negatively impact the economic growth of the countries in which we operate, thereby reducing the buying power of our Members. Higher oil prices can also increase our operating costs, particularly utilities and merchandise transportation expenses. Inflationary pressures on various commodities also may impact consumer spending. We do not currently seek to hedge commodity price risk. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 See the list of financial statements filed with this report under Part IV. Item 15 below. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. 
 As of August 31, 2023, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the Company carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e). These disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in its periodic reports with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms, and that the information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 
 Based upon their evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 (b) Management s report on internal control over financial reporting. 
 Internal control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, and effected by its board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company s management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over the Company s financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision, and with the participation, of the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. Management has used the 2013 framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control-Integrated Framework published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission to evaluate the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. Based on its evaluation, management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of August 31, 2023, the end of its most recent fiscal year. 
 Ernst Young LLP, the Company's independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2023, as stated in their report which is included herein. 
 (c) Changes in internal control over financial reporting. 
 There have been no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 The certifications required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 are filed as Exhibit 31.1 and 31.2 to this report. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders of PriceSmart, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited PriceSmart, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, PriceSmart, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of PriceSmart, Inc. as of August 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) and our report dated October 30, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 San Diego, California 
 October 30, 2023 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 PriceSmart has adopted a code of conduct that applies to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller, and to all of its other officers, directors, employees and agents. The code of conduct is available on PriceSmart's web site at https://investors.pricesmart.com/governance/governance-documents. PriceSmart intends to disclose on its website future amendments to, or waivers from, certain provisions of its code of conduct within four business days following the date of such amendment or waiver. 
 The additional information required by Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference from PriceSmart's definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the headings Proposal 1: Election of Directors, Information Regarding the Board of Directors, Executive Officers of the Company and General Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference from PriceSmart's definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the heading Executive and Director Compensation. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference from PriceSmart's definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the headings Securities Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference from PriceSmart's definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the headings Certain Transactions and Information Regarding the Board of Directors. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is Ernst Young LLP, San Diego, CA, Auditor Firm ID: 42. 
 The information required by Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference from PriceSmart's definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the heading Proposal 3: Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report. 
 (1) Financial Statements: 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (2) List of financial statement schedules: 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 Schedules not listed above have been omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 (3) List of exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. See part (b) below. 
 (b) The following exhibits are filed as a part of this report: 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1(1) 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. 
 3.2(5) 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. 
 3.3(4) 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. 
 3.4( 9 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company 
 3.5( 2 7 
 Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of PriceSmart, Inc. 
 4.1(6) 
 Specimen of Common Stock certificate. 
 4.2 (2 2 
 Description of Registrant s Securities. 
 10.1(1 3 
 ISDA 2002 Master Agreement between MUFG Union Bank, N.A. and PriceSmart, Inc. dated November 4, 2016. 
 10. 2 (1 4 
 Promissory Note between PriceSmart, Inc. and MUFG UNION BANK, N.A. for US 35.7 million, dated January 27, 2017. 
 10. 3 (7) 
 Shareholders Agreement between Pricsmarlandco, S.A. and JB Enterprises Inc. dated September 29, 2008. 
 10. 4 (7) 
 Shareholders Agreement between Fundacion Tempus Fugit and PriceSmart Panama, S.A. dated September 24, 2008. 
 10. 5 (3) 
 Trademark Agreement between the Company and Associated Wholesale Grocers, Inc., dated August 1, 1999. 
 10. 6 (2) 
 Master Agreement between the Company and Payless ShoeSource (BVI) Holdings, Ltd., dated November 27, 2000. 
 10. 7 11 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Brud Drachman, dated September 1, 2015. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 10. 8 9 
 Collective Agreement by and between Oilfields Workers' Trade Union and PriceSmart Clubs (TT) Ltd. entered into December 1, 2012. 
 10. 9 (8) 
 2013 Equity Incentive Award Plan of PriceSmart, Inc., as amended and restated . 
 10.1 0 (8) 
 Form of Restricted Stock Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Agreement under the 2013 Equity Incentive Award Plan of PriceSmart, Inc. (for awards prior to July 16, 2019). 
 10.1 1 (8) 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2013 Equity Incentive Award Plan of PriceSmart, Inc. for Employees of Foreign Subsidiaries (for awards prior to July 16, 2019). 
 10.1 2 (1 6 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2013 Equity Incentive Award Plan of PriceSmart, Inc. (for awards prior to July 16, 2019). 
 10.1 3 1 8 
 Form of Restricted Stock Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Agreement under the 2013 Equity Incentive Award Plan of PriceSmart, Inc. (for awards on or after July 16, 2019). 
 10.1 4 1 8 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2013 Equity Incentive Award Plan of PriceSmart, Inc. for Employees of Foreign Subsidiaries (for awards on or after July 16, 2019). 
 10.1 5 18 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2013 Equity Incentive Award Plan of PriceSmart, Inc. (for awards on or after July 16, 2019). 
 10.1 6 (8) 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the 2013 Equity Incentive Award Plan of PriceSmart, Inc. 
 10. 17 (1 1 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Rodrigo Calvo dated September 1, 2015. 
 10. 18 (1 2 
 Employment Agreement between the PriceSmart Panama, S.A. and Jesus Von Chong dated November 1, 2015. 
 10. 19 (1 2 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Francisco Velasco dated July 14, 2016. 
 10.2 0 (1 5 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Laura Santana dated March 1, 2017. 
 10.2 1 (1 6 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Ana Luisa Bianchi dated August 1, 2018. 
 10.2 2 17 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement. 
 10.2 3 19 
 Employment Agreement dated April 1, 2020 between Michael McCleary and the Company. 
 10.2 4 (2 0 
 Credit Agreement between PriceSmart Colombia S.A.S and Citibank, N.A. dated December 2, 2019. 
 10. 25 (2 0 
 Credit Agreement between PriceSmart Colombia S.A.S. and Citibank, N.A. date November 25, 2019. 
 10. 26 (2 0 
 Loan Agreement between PriceSmart Guatemala, Sociedad Anonima and Banco Industrial, Sociedad Anonima, dated November 20, 2019. 
 10. 27 (2 4 
 Second Amended and Restated Loan Facility Agreement between PriceSmart Realty (TT) LTD and FirstCaribbean International Bank (Trinidad Tobago) Limited, dated August 27, 2021. 
 10. 27 2 5 
 Citibank Credit Agreement dated February 18, 2022 . 
 10. 2 8 2 6 
 Amended and R estated Employment Agreement dated May 1, 2022 between John Hildebrandt and the Company . 
 10. 29 2 6 
 Employment Agreement dated May 1, 2022, between Christopher Souhrada and the Company. 
 10. 30 2 7 
 Separation Agreement and Waiver and Release of Claims dated December 9, 2022 between Sherry S. Bahrambeygui and the Company. 
 10. 31 2 8 
 Employment Agreement dated January 26, 2023 between David Price and the Company. 
 10. 32 2 8 
 Citibank Credit Agreement dated February 9, 2023. 
 10. 33 29 
 Employment Transition Agreement dated March 10, 2023 between Juan Ignacio Biehl and the Company. 
 10. 34 (3 0 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated March 22, 2023 between John Hildebrandt and the Company. 
 10. 35 (3 1 
 Separation Agreement and General Release of All Claims dated April 18, 2023 between Nicolas Maslowski and the Company. 
 10. 36 
 Employment Agreement dated July 1, 2023 between Wayne Sadin and the Company. 
 10. 37 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated August 4, 2023 between David Price and the Company. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 10. 38 
 Separation Agreement and General Release of All Claims dated August 30, 2023 between Frank Diaz and the Company. 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 # 
 Certifications Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 # 
 Certifications Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 97.1 
 Compensation Recoupment (Clawback) Policy 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Filed herewith as an exhibit. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 # These certifications are being furnished solely to accompany this Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and are not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of PriceSmart, Inc. whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing 
 (1) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 1997 filed with the Commission on November 26, 1997. 
 (2) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 28, 2001 filed with the Commission on April 16, 2001. 
 (3) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 1999 filed with the Commission on November 29, 1999. 
 (4) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2004 filed with the Commission on November 24, 2004. 
 (5) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 29, 2004 filed with the Commission on April 14, 2004. 
 (6) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the Commission on December 2, 2004. 
 (7) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ended November 30, 2008 filed with the Commission on January 14, 2009. 
 (8) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed April 4, 2013. 
 (9) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2014 filed with the 
 Commission on October 30, 2014. 
 (10) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K Filed with the Commission on July 17, 2015. 
 (11) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 2, 2015. 
 (12) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2016 filed with the Commission on October 27, 2016. 
 (13) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended November 30, 2016 filed with the Commission on January 5, 2017. 
 (14) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 28, 2017 filed with the Commission on April 6, 2017. 
 (15) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2017 filed with the Commission on October 26, 2017. 
 (16) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2018 filed with the Commission on October 25, 2018. 
 (17) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2019 filed with the Commission on October 29, 2019. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 (18) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended November 30, 2019 filed with the Commission on January 9, 2020. 
 (19) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 7, 2020. 
 (20) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 29, 2020 filed with the Commission on April 8, 2020. 
 (21) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2020 filed with the SEC on October 30, 2020. 
 (22) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended November 30, 2020 filed with 
 the Commission on January 7, 2021. 
 (23) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2021 filed with the Commission on October 21, 2021. 
 (24) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended November 30, 2021 filed with 
 the Commission on January 6, 2022. 
 (25) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 28, 2022 filed with the Commission on April 7, 2022. 
 (26) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 31, 2022 filed with the Commission on July 11, 2022. 
 (27) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 9, 2022. 
 (28) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 28, 2023 filed with the Commission on April 10, 2023. 
 (29) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Commission on March 10, 2023. 
 (30) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Commission on March 24, 2023. 
 (31) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 31, 2023 filed with the Commission on July 10, 2023. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 ) Year ended August 31, 2022 
 ) Year ended August 31, 2023 
 ) 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 PRICESMART, INC. Date: October 30, 2023 By: /s/ ROBERT E. PRICE Robert E. Price Interim Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: October 30, 2023 By: /s/ MICHAEL L. MCCLEARY Michael L. McCleary Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Robert E. Price and Michael L. McCleary, and each of them singly, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto each said attorney-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or either of them or their or his or her substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ ROBERT E. PRICE Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) October 30, 2023 Robert E. Price /s/ MICHAEL L. MCCLEARY Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) October 30, 2023 Michael L. McCleary /s/ DAVID R. SNYDER Vice Chairman and Lead Independent Director October 30, 2023 David R. Snyder /s/ SHERRY S. BAHRAMBEYGUI Director October 30, 2023 Sherry S. Bahrambeygui /s/ JEFFREY R. FISHER Director October 30, 2023 Jeffrey R. Fisher /s/ GORDON H. HANSON Director October 30, 2023 Gordon H. Hanson /s/ BEATRIZ V. INFANTE Director October 30, 2023 Beatriz V. Infante /s/ LEON C. JANKS Director October 30, 2023 Leon C. Janks /s/ PATRICIA M RQUEZ Director October 30, 2023 Patricia M rquez /s/ DAVID N. PRICE Director October 30, 2023 David N. Price /s/ EDGAR ZURCHER Director October 30, 2023 Edgar Zurcher /s/ JOHN D. THELAN Director October 30, 2023 John D. Thelan 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 PRICESMART, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of Augu st 31 , 2023 and 2022 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2023 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2023 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2023 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2023 
 F- 8 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 10 
 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders of PriceSmart, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of PriceSmart, Inc. (the Company) as of August 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at August 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated October 30, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 Tax receivables and contingencies 
 Description of the Matter As discussed in Note 2 and in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company pays Value Added Tax VAT or similar indirect taxes, income taxes, and other taxes within the normal course of the Company s business in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. The different interpretations of sometimes complex tax regulations create uncertainty and necessitate the use of significant judgment in the determination of the Company s income and other tax liabilities and the recoverability of both income tax and VAT receivables. As of August 31, 2023, the Company had 6.3 million accrued for potential income and other tax liabilities and had income tax and VAT receivables of 36.9 million and 38.8 million, respectively. 
 Auditing the recognition and measurement of the Company s income and VAT receivables and income and other tax contingencies was challenging because the evaluation of the various tax positions can be complex, highly judgmental and based on international tax laws, interpretations and legal rulings which can vary significantly between the countries in which the Company has operations. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We tested controls, including key management review controls, over the Company s process to assess the technical merits of its income and other tax receivables and contingencies, including management s process to measure the benefit of its income tax positions and other tax contingencies, and evaluate the recoverability of the receivables. For example, we tested controls over management s review of the uncertain tax positions and the significant assumptions surrounding more-likely-than-not conclusions, as well as controls over management s review of the tax receivables and the significant assumptions surrounding the recoverability of such assets or measurement of other tax contingencies. 
 We involved our international and other tax professionals to assist in our assessment of the technical merits of certain of the Company s income and other tax positions and the Company s understanding and documentation of the respective international laws and regulations related to recoverability of income, and other tax receivables. Depending on the nature of the specific tax position and, as applicable, developments with the relevant tax authorities, our procedures included obtaining and reviewing the Company s correspondence with such tax authorities and evaluating income tax opinions or other third-party advice obtained by the Company. We used our knowledge of and experience with the application of international and other tax laws by the relevant income tax authorities to evaluate the Company s accounting for its tax contingencies and receivables. We evaluated developments in the applicable regulatory environments to assess potential effects on the Company s positions. We considered the Company s historical experiences with the different taxing authorities and their historical results in evaluating and concluding on the likely impact of different tax cases. In this manner, we analyzed the Company s assumptions used to determine the amounts of income tax benefits and contingencies to recognize and the recoverability of the tax receivables. We also tested the data used by the Company in determining these amounts by comparing inputs to internal data and testing the accuracy of the calculations. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1997. 
 
 October 30, 2023 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 PRICESMART, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE DATA) 
 August 31, 2023 2022 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term restricted cash Short-term investments Receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of as of August 31, 2023 and as of August 31, 2022, respectively 
 Merchandise inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets (includes and as of August 31, 2023 and August 31, 2022, respectively, for the fair value of derivative instruments) 
 Total current assets Long-term restricted cash Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Goodwill Deferred tax assets Other non-current assets (includes and as of August 31, 2023 and August 31, 2022, respectively, for the fair value of derivative instruments) 
 Investment in unconsolidated affiliates Total Assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current Liabilities: Short-term borrowings Accounts payable Accrued salaries and benefits Deferred income Income taxes payable Other accrued expenses and other current liabilities (includes and as of August 31, 2023 and August 31, 2022, respectively, for the fair value of derivative instruments) 
 Operating lease liabilities, current portion Long-term debt, current portion Total current liabilities Deferred tax liability Long-term income taxes payable, net of current portion Long-term operating lease liabilities Long-term debt, net of current portion Other long-term liabilities (includes and for the fair value of derivative instruments and and for post-employment plans as of August 31, 2023 and August 31, 2022, respectively) 
 Total Liabilities Stockholders' Equity: Common stock par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and and shares outstanding (net of treasury shares) as of August 31, 2023 and August 31, 2022, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Less: treasury stock at cost, shares as of August 31, 2023 and shares as of August 31, 2022 
 ) ) Total Stockholders' Equity Total Liabilities and Equity 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 PRICESMART, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA) 
 Years Ended August 31, 2023 2022 2021 Revenues: Net merchandise sales Export sales Membership income Other revenue and income Total revenues Operating expenses: Cost of goods sold: Net merchandise sales Export sales Non-merchandise Selling, general and administrative: Warehouse club and other operations General and administrative Reserve for AMT settlement Separation costs associated with Chief Executive Officer departure Pre-opening expenses Asset impairment and closure costs Loss on disposal of assets Total operating expenses Operating income Other expense: Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Other expense, net ) ) ) Total other expense ) ) ) Income before provision for income taxes and loss of unconsolidated affiliates 
 Provision for income taxes ) ) ) Loss of unconsolidated affiliates ) ) ) Net income Less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 ) ) Net income attributable to PriceSmart, Inc. Net income attributable to PriceSmart, Inc. per share available for distribution: Basic Diluted Shares used in per share computations: Basic Diluted Dividends per share 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 PRICESMART, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
 Years Ended August 31, 2023 2022 2021 Net income Less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) Net income attributable to PriceSmart, Inc. Other Comprehensive Income, net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments (1) 
 ) ) Defined benefit pension plan: Net loss arising during period ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost and actuarial gains included in net periodic pensions cost Total defined benefit pension plan ) ) ) Derivative instruments: (2) 
 Unrealized gains (losses) on change in derivative obligations ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on change in fair value of interest rate swaps ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to other expense, net for settlement of derivatives Total derivative instruments ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income Less: comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest Comprehensive income attributable to PriceSmart, Inc. 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 PRICESMART, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Total Stockholders' Equity Attributable to PriceSmart, Inc. Non-controlling Interest Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at August 31, 2020 ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Issuance of treasury stock ) ) ) Issuance of restricted stock award Forfeiture of restricted stock awards ) Stock-based compensation Dividend paid to stockholders ) ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance at August 31, 2021 ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Issuance of treasury stock ) ) ) Issuance of restricted stock award Forfeiture of restricted stock awards ) Stock-based compensation Dividend paid to stockholders ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Sale of Aeropost stock ) ) Balance at August 31, 2022 ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Issuance of treasury stock ) ) ) Issuance of restricted stock award Forfeiture of restricted stock awards ) Stock-based compensation Dividend paid to stockholders ) ) ) Net income Other Comprehensive Income Balance at August 31, 2023 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 PRICESMART, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
 Years Ended August 31, 2023 2022 2021 Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Reserve for AMT settlement Asset impairment and closure costs Loss on sale of property and equipment Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates Stock-based compensation Change in operating assets and liabilities: Receivables, prepaid expenses and other current assets, non-current assets, accrued salaries and benefits, deferred membership income and other accruals ) Merchandise inventories ) ) ) Accounts payable Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities: Additions to property and equipment ) ) ) Purchases of short-term investments ) ) ) Proceeds from settlements of short-term investments Purchases of long-term investments ) Proceeds from settlements of long-term investments Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment Proceeds from the disposal of Aeropost, net of divested cash Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing Activities: Proceeds from long-term bank borrowings Repayment of long-term bank borrowings ) ) ) Proceeds from short-term bank borrowings Repayment of short-term bank borrowings ) ) ) Cash dividend payments ) ) ) Purchase of treasury stock 
 ) ) ) Other financing activities ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing activities: Capital expenditures accrued, but not yet paid Cash paid during the period for: Interest Income taxes 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash reported within the statement of financial position that sum to the total of the same amounts shown in the statement of cash flows: 
 Years Ended August 31, 2023 2022 2021 Cash and cash equivalents Short-term restricted cash Long-term restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 
 warehouse clubs in operation in countries and U.S. territory in Colombia; in Costa Rica; in Panama; in the Dominican Republic and Guatemala; in Trinidad; each in El Salvador and Honduras; each in Jamaica and Nicaragua; and each in Aruba, Barbados, and the United States Virgin Islands), of which the Company owns of the corresponding legal entities (see Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). In September 2023, we opened a new warehouse club in Medell n, Colombia, bringing the total number of warehouse clubs in operation by the Company to . In addition, the Company plans to open a warehouse club in Escuintla, Guatemala on November 30, 2023 and a warehouse club in Santa Ana, El Salvador in early 2024. Once these new clubs are open, the Company will operate warehouse clubs. Our operating segments are the United States, Central America, the Caribbean, and Colombia. 
 PriceSmart continues to invest in technology and talent to support the following three major drivers of growth: 
 1. Invest in Remodeling Current PriceSmart Clubs, Adding New PriceSmart Locations and Opening More Distribution Centers ; 
 2. Increase Membership Value ; and 
 3. Increase Sales via PriceSmart.com and Enhanced Online, Digital and Technological Capabilities . 

NOTE 2 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Equity (1) 
 Price Plaza Alajuela PPA, S.A. Costa Rica Equity (1) 
 
 (1) Joint venture interests are recorded as investment in unconsolidated affiliates on the consolidated balance sheets. 

million as of August 31, 2023 and million as of August 31, 2022. We receive interest payments from the money market funds which are recorded in the Interest income line item under the Other expense caption within the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Long-term restricted cash Total restricted cash (1) 
 
 (1) Restricted cash consists of cash deposits held within banking institutions in compliance with federal regulatory requirements in Costa Rica and Panama. In addition, the Company is required to maintain a certificate of deposit and/or security deposits of Trinidad dollars, as measured in U.S dollars, of approximately million with a few of its lenders as compensating balances for several U.S. dollar and euro denominated loans payable over several years. The certificates of deposit will be reduced annually commensurate with the loan balances. 

million as of August 31, 2023 and million as of August 31, 2022. The Company reviews reported goodwill at the reporting unit level for impairment. The Company tests goodwill for impairment at least annually or when events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Foreign currency exchange rate changes ) Goodwill at August 31, 2023 
 Amortization ) Net other intangibles at August 31, 2023 Total goodwill and other intangibles, net August 31, 2023 

In countries where the Company operates, minimum income tax rules require the Company to pay taxes based on a percentage of sales if the resulting tax were greater than the tax payable based on a percentage of income (Alternative Minimum Tax or "AMT"). As a result, the Company is making AMT payments substantially in excess of those it would expect to pay based on taxable income. The Company had income tax receivables of million and million and deferred tax assets of million and million as of August 31, 2023 and August 31, 2022, respectively, in these countries. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, we recorded a million charge to settle the AMT payment dispute in one of the aforementioned countries. Of this amount, million relates to the reserve for an income tax receivable for one of the tax years for which we sought a refund and the remaining million is an accrual for the unpaid years of the dispute in which the Company made tax payments using the original computation based on taxable income. 
 
 While the rules related to refunds of income tax receivables in these countries are either unclear or complex, the Company has not placed any type of allowance on the recoverability of these tax receivables. Deferred tax assets or amounts that may be deemed under-paid, because the Company believes that it is more likely than not that it will ultimately succeed in its refund requests and appeals of these rules. 
 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 of the countries with a significant VAT receivable balance, the Company received unfavorable rulings at the supreme court level of that country denying a portion of the Company s appeals for refund of over-withholdings of VAT. After evaluating the merits of the Company s arguments, the court s decision, and probability that the other related refund appeals would receive the same judgment, the Company concluded that a total of million of related VAT receivables would not be recoverable and this amount was written-off in the third quarter of fiscal year 2023. These charges were recorded in the Warehouse club and other expenses line item under the Selling, general and administrative caption within the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 The Company's various outstanding VAT receivables and/or income tax receivables are based on cases or appeals with their own set of facts and circumstances. The Company consults and evaluates with legal and tax advisors regularly to understand the strength of its legal arguments and probability of successful outcomes in addition to its own experience handling complex tax issues. Based on those evaluations, the Company has not placed any type of allowance on the recoverability of the remaining tax receivables or deferred tax assets, because the Company believes that it is more likely than not that it will ultimately succeed in its refund requests. 
 
 The Company s policy for classification and presentation of VAT receivables, income tax receivables and other tax receivables is as follows: 
 Short-term VAT and Income tax receivables, recorded as Prepaid expenses and other current assets: This classification is used for any countries where the Company s subsidiary has generally demonstrated the ability to recover the VAT or income tax receivable within one year. The Company also classifies as short-term any approved refunds or credit notes to the extent that the Company expects to receive the refund or use the credit notes within one year. 
 Long-term VAT and Income tax receivables, recorded as Other non-current assets: This classification is used for amounts not approved for refund or credit in countries where the Company s subsidiary has not demonstrated the ability to obtain refunds within one year and/or for amounts which are subject to outstanding disputes. An allowance is provided against VAT and income tax receivable balances in dispute when the Company does not expect to eventually prevail in its recovery. The Company does not currently have any allowances provided against VAT and income tax receivables. 
 Other non-current assets Total amount of VAT receivables reported 
 Other non-current assets Total amount of income tax receivables reported 
 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

types of equity awards: restricted stock awards RSAs ), restricted stock units RSUs and performance-based restricted stock units PSUs ). Compensation related to RSAs, RSUs and PSUs is based on the fair market value at the time of grant. The Company recognizes the compensation cost related to RSAs and RSUs over the requisite service period as determined by the grant, amortized ratably or on a straight-line basis over the life of the grant. The Company also recognizes compensation cost for PSUs over the performance period of each tranche, adjusting this cost based on the Company's estimate of the probability that performance metrics will be achieved. If the Company determines that an award is unlikely to vest, any previously recorded expense is then reversed. 
 The Company accounts for actual forfeitures as they occur. The Company records the tax savings resulting from tax deductions in excess of expense for stock-based compensation and the tax deficiency resulting from stock-based compensation in excess of the related tax deduction as income tax expense or benefit. In addition, the Company reflects the tax savings (deficiency) resulting from the taxation of stock-based compensation as an operating cash flow in its consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 RSAs are outstanding shares of common stock and have the same cash dividend and voting rights as other shares of common stock. Shares of common stock subject to RSUs are not issued nor outstanding until vested, and RSUs do not have the same dividend and voting rights as common stock. However, all outstanding RSUs have accompanying dividend equivalents, requiring payment to the employees and directors with unvested RSUs of amounts equal to the dividend they would have received had the shares of common stock underlying the RSUs been actually issued and outstanding. Payments of dividend equivalents to employees are recorded as compensation expense. 
 PSUs, similar to RSUs, are awarded with dividend equivalents, provided that such amounts become payable only if the performance metric is achieved. At the time the Compensation Committee confirms the performance metric has been achieved, the accrued dividend equivalents are paid on the PSUs. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 treasury shares. 
 million to mark our available-for-sale assets down to their fair market value. 
 The disclosure of fair value of certain financial assets and liabilities recorded at cost is as follows: 
 Cash and cash equivalents: The carrying value approximates fair value due to the short maturity of these instruments. The carrying value of our money market funds is the fair value based on quoted prices in active markets at the measurement date and therefore are classified as Level 1 inputs. The fair value of money market funds held was million as of August 31, 2023 and million as of August 31, 2022. 
 Short-term restricted cash: The carrying value approximates fair value due to the short maturity of these instruments. 
 Short-term investments: Short-term investments consists of certificates of deposit and similar time-based deposits with financial institutions with maturity dates over three months and up to twelve months. The carrying value approximates fair value due to the maturity of the underlying certificates of deposit within the normal operating cycle of the Company. 
 Long-term investments: Long-term investments consists of certificates of deposit and similar time-based deposits with financial institutions with maturity dates over one year. The carrying value approximates fair value due to the maturity of the underlying certificates of deposit. 
 Long-term restricted cash: Long-term restricted cash primarily consists of certificates of deposit with maturity dates of over a year, which are held as collateral against our long-term debt. The carrying value approximates fair value due to the maturity of the underlying certificates of deposit. 
 Accounts receivable: Receivables consist primarily of credit card receivables and receivables from vendors and are stated net of allowances for credit losses. The determination of the allowance for credit losses is based on the Company s assessment of collectability along with the consideration of current and expected market conditions that could impact collectability. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

(1) The Company has disclosed the fair value of long-term debt, including debt for which it has entered into cross-currency interest rate swaps, using the derivative obligation as of August 31, 2023 to estimate the fair value of long-term debt, which includes the effects that the cross-currency interest rate swaps have had on the fair value of long-term debt. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

F-17 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million million net of tax) in the second quarter of fiscal year 2023. This amount consists of approximately million of non-cash charges related to the acceleration of certain equity awards and approximately million for other separation costs. Given that Ms. Bahrambeygui had substantially rendered the required services per her separation agreement, the Company recorded these charges in the second quarter of fiscal year 2023. These charges were recorded in the Separation costs associated with Chief Executive Officer departure line item under the Selling, general and administrative caption within the Consolidated Statements of Income and are recorded in the Company s United States segment. The Company substantially fulfilled all payment obligations by the end of the second quarter of fiscal year 2023; however, some vesting of PSUs will occur in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. 
 
 million charge primarily related to remeasurement of the assets of our Trinidad sustainable packaging plant to their estimated fair value upon our decision to seek to sell the plant. We planned to use the plant to increase efficiencies by eliminating intermediaries in packaging and labeling and manufacturing some of our packaging materials using compostable or recyclable inputs. However, we found that achieving economic feasibility proved challenging. Therefore, we decided to refocus our efforts on our core competencies as a retailer and redeploy plant assets we could use in our club business and seek a buyer for the remainder. The assets were written down to their estimated fair value less costs to sell and are presented within the Prepaid expenses and other current assets line within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The impairment charges are recorded within the Asset impairment and closure costs line item within the Consolidated Statements of Income and are recorded in the Company's Caribbean segment. We believe the sale of the assets held for sale is probable within one year. 

) ) 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 ) ) 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 3 
 -month term of the membership. Our membership policy allows for Members to cancel their membership in the first days and receive a full refund. After the -day period, membership refunds are prorated over the remaining term of the membership. The Company has significant experience with membership refund patterns and expects membership refunds will not be material. Therefore, no refund reserve was required for the periods presented. Membership fee revenue is included in membership income in the Company's consolidated statements of income. The deferred membership fee is included in deferred income in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 Platinum Points Reward Programs. The Company currently offers Platinum Memberships in all of its markets. The annual fee for a Platinum Membership is approximately . The Platinum Membership provides Members with a rebate on most items, up to an annual maximum of . The rebate is issued annually to Platinum Members on March 1 and expires August 31. Platinum Members can apply this rebate to future purchases at the warehouse club during the redemption period. The Company records this rebate as a reduction of revenue at the time of the sales transaction. Accordingly, the Company has reduced warehouse sales and has accrued a liability within other accrued expenses and other current liabilities, platinum rewards. The Company has determined that breakage revenue is of the awards issued; therefore, it records of the Platinum Membership liability at the time of sale. Annually, the Company reviews for expired unused rebates outstanding, and the expired unused rebates are recognized as Other revenue and income on the consolidated statements of income. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 stated expiration date from the date of issuance and are generally redeemed prior to expiration. However, the absence of a large volume of transactions for gift cards impairs the Company's ability to make a reasonable estimate of the redemption levels for gift cards; therefore, the Company assumes a redemption rate prior to expiration of the gift card. The Company periodically reviews unredeemed outstanding gift cards, and the gift cards that have expired are recognized as Other revenue and income on the consolidated statements of income. 
 Co-branded Credit Card Revenue Sharing Agreements . As part of the co-branded credit card agreements that the Company has entered into with financial institutions within its markets, the Company often enters into revenue sharing agreements. As part of these agreements, in some countries, the Company receives a portion of the interest income generated from the average outstanding balances on the co-branded credit cards from these financial institutions interest generating portfolio or IGP ). The Company recognizes its portion of interest received as revenue during the period it is earned. The Company has determined that this revenue should be recognized as Other revenue and income on the consolidated statements of income. 
 Determining the Transaction Price 
 The transaction price is the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive under the arrangement. The Company is required to estimate variable consideration (if any) and to factor that estimate into the determination of the transaction price. The Company may offer sales incentives to customers, including discounts. For retail transactions, the Company has significant experience with returns and refund patterns and relied on this experience in its determination that expected returns are not material; therefore, returns are not factored when determining the transaction price. 
 Discounts given to customers are usually in the form of coupons and instant markdowns and are recognized as redeemed and recorded in contra revenue accounts, as they are part of the transaction price of the merchandise sale. Manufacturer coupons that are available for redemption at all retailers are not recorded as a reduction to the sale price of merchandise. Manufacturer coupons or discounts that are specific to the Company are recorded as a reduction to the cost of sales. 
 Agent Relationships 
 The Company evaluates the criteria outlined in ASC 606-10-55, Principal versus Agent Considerations, in determining whether it is appropriate in these arrangements to record the gross amount of merchandise sales and related costs, or the net amount earned as commissions. When the Company is considered the principal in a transaction, revenue is recorded gross; otherwise, revenue is recorded on a net basis. The Company's Non-merchandise Sales revenues are recorded on a net basis. 
 Significant Judgments 
 For arrangements that contain multiple performance obligations, the Company allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price basis. During fiscal year 2023, there were no revenue transactions that required significant judgement. 
 Incremental costs to obtain contracts are not material to the Company. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Contract Performance Liabilities 
 Contract performance liabilities as a result of transactions with customers primarily consist of deferred membership income, other deferred income, deferred gift card revenue, Platinum points programs, and liabilities related to co-branded credit card points rewards programs and are included in deferred income and other accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 Other contract performance liabilities 
 Disaggregated Revenues 
 Fresh Foods Hardlines Softlines Other Business Net Merchandise Sales 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 4 
 to years and that of certain components of building improvements and buildings from to years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the life of the improvement or the expected term of the lease. In some locations, leasehold improvements are amortized over a period longer than the initial lease term where management believes it is reasonably certain that the renewal option in the underlying lease will be exercised because an economic penalty may be incurred if the option is not exercised. The sale or purchase of property and equipment is recognized upon legal transfer of property. 
 Building and improvements Fixtures and equipment Construction in progress Total property and equipment, historical cost Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Amortization expense, Intangible assets Total depreciation and amortization expense 
 The Company capitalizes interest on expenditures for qualifying assets over a period that covers the duration of the activities required to get the asset ready for its intended use, provided that expenditures for the asset have been made and interest cost is being incurred. Interest capitalization continues as long as those activities and the incurrence of interest cost continue. The amount capitalized in an accounting period is determined by applying the Company s consolidated capitalization rate (average interest rate) to the average amount of accumulated expenditures for the qualifying asset, for each country, during the period. The capitalization rates are based on the interest rates applicable to borrowings outstanding during the period. 
 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

) Fiscal Year 2022 ) Fiscal Year 2021 ) 
 The Company also recorded within accounts payable and other accrued expenses approximately million and million, respectively, as of August 31, 2023 and million and million, respectively, as of August 31, 2022 of liabilities related to the acquisition and/or construction of property and equipment. 
 
 NOTE 5 
 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Less: Allocation of income to unvested stockholders ) ) ) Net income attributable to PriceSmart, Inc. available for distribution Basic weighted average shares outstanding Add dilutive effect of performance stock units (two-class method) Diluted average shares outstanding Basic net income per share Diluted net income per share 
 
 NOTE 6 
 2/16/2023 2/28/2023 8/15/2023 8/31/2023 2/3/2022 2/15/2022 2/28/2022 8/15/2022 8/31/2022 2/4/2021 2/15/2021 2/26/2021 8/15/2021 8/31/2021 
 
 The Company anticipates the ongoing payment of semi-annual dividends in subsequent periods, although the actual declaration of future dividends, if any, the amount of such dividends, and the establishment of record and payment dates is subject to final determination by the Board of Directors at its discretion after its review of the Company s financial performance and anticipated capital requirements, taking into account the uncertain macroeconomic conditions on our results of operations and cash flows. 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Defined benefit pension plans (1) 
 ) ) Derivative instruments (2) 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Ending balance, August 31, 2021 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Defined benefit pension plans (1) 
 ) ) Derivative instruments (2) 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Sale of Aeropost ) ) Ending balance, August 31, 2022 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Defined benefit pension plans (1) 
 ) ) Derivative instruments (2) 
 ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Ending balance, August 31, 2023 ) ) 
 (1) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to the minimum pension liability are included in warehouse club and other operations in the Company's consolidated statements of income. 
 (2) Refer to Note 13 - Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities. 
 Retained Earnings Not Available for Distribution 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 In July 2023 we announced a program authorized by our Board of Directors to repurchase up to million of our common stock. Subsequent to our fiscal year that ended on August 31, 2023, we successfully completed the program. We purchased a total of approximately shares of our common stock under the program. The repurchases were made on the open market pursuant to a trading plan established pursuant to Rule 10(b)5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which permits common stock to be repurchased at a time that we might otherwise be precluded from doing so under insider trading laws or self-imposed trading restrictions. We do not expect to continue repurchases or adopt a new repurchase plan at this time. However, the Board of Directors could choose to commence another program in the future at its discretion after its review of the Company s financial performance and anticipated capital requirements. 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Average price per common share acquired Total cost of common share acquired 
 
 NOTE 7 
 Company Contribution based on the employee s salary regardless of the employee s own contributions to the plan up to the IRS maximum allowed. The Company also makes incremental non-discretionary contributions to the 401(k) plan to the employees who defer up to of their salary. Employer contributions to the 401(k) plan for the Company's U.S. employees were million during fiscal years 2023 and 2022, and million during fiscal year 2021. 
 PriceSmart also offers defined contribution retirement plans in many of its subsidiaries. The Company makes non-discretionary contributions to these plans based on the employee s salary, regardless of the employee s own contributions to the plan, up to the maximum allowed. The expenses associated with the plans for the Company s non-U.S. employees were million, million and million during fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Defined Benefit Plans 
 The Company's subsidiaries located in countries have unfunded post-employment benefit plans (defined benefit plans) in which the subsidiary is required to pay a specified benefit upon retirement, voluntary departure or death of the employee. The amount of the benefit is predetermined by a formula based on the employee's earnings history, tenure of service and age. Because the obligation to provide benefits arises as employees render the services necessary to earn the benefits pursuant to the terms of the plan, the Company recognizes the cost of providing the benefits over the projected employee service periods. These payments are only due if an employee reaches certain thresholds, such as tenure and/or age. Therefore, these plans are treated as defined benefit plans. For these defined benefit plans, the Company has engaged actuaries to assist with estimating the current costs associated with these future benefits. The liabilities for these unfunded plans are recorded as non-current liabilities. 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) ) Service cost ) ) Interest cost ) ) Prior service cost (including amortization) ) ) Actuarial gains/(losses) ) ) Totals ) ) (1) 
 
 (1) The Company has recorded a deferred tax asset of and as of August 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, relating to the unrealized expense on defined benefit plans. The Company also recorded accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, for ) and ) as of August 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The primary driver of the recorded accumulated other comprehensive loss was a change in assumption for our Trinidad and Tobago post-employment benefit plan in which we expect less turnover from our employees. 
 to 
 to 
 Future salary escalation to 
 to 
 Percentage of employees assumed to withdraw from Company without a benefit turnover to 
 to 
 Percentage of employees assumed to withdraw from Company with a benefit disability to 
 to 
 
 Amortization of actuarial loss 
 Other Post-Employment Benefit Plans 
 Some of the Company s subsidiaries are parties to funded and unfunded post-employment benefit plans based on services that the employees have rendered. These plans require the Company to pay a specified benefit on retirement, voluntary departure or death of the employee, or monthly payments to an external fund manager. The amount of these payments is predetermined by a formula based on the employee's earnings history and tenure of service. Because the obligation to provide benefits arises as employees render the services necessary to earn the benefits pursuant to the terms of the plan, the cost associated with providing the benefits is recognized as the employee provides those services. The employees' rights to receive payment on these plans are not dependent on their reaching certain thresholds like age or tenure. Therefore, these plans are not treated as defined benefit plans. For these post-employment benefit plans, the Company has accrued liabilities that are recorded as accrued salaries and benefits and other long-term liabilities. 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 8 
 types of equity awards: restricted stock awards RSAs ), restricted stock units RSUs and performance based restricted stock units PSUs ). Refer Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 The Company adopted the 2013 Equity Incentive Award Plan (the "2013 Plan") for the benefit of its eligible employees, consultants and non-employee directors on January 22, 2013. The 2013 Plan provides for awards covering up to million shares of common stock plus the number of shares that remained available for issuance as of January 22, 2013 under equity participation plans previously maintained by the Company. The 2013 plan was amended in fiscal years 2021 to increase the number of shares of Common Stock available for the grant of awards by shares and further amended in fiscal year 2023 to increase the number of shares of Common Stock available for the grant of awards by an additional shares. The number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2013 Plan increases during the term of the plan by the number of shares relating to awards outstanding under the 2013 Plan or any of the prior plans that expire, or are forfeited, terminated, canceled or repurchased, or are settled in cash in lieu of shares. However, in no event will more than an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock be issued under the 2013 Plan. 
 
 Restricted stock units Performance-based restricted stock units Stock-based compensation expense 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Weighted average period of time over which this cost will be recognized (years)) ) ) 
 The restricted stock awards and units generally vest over a period and the unvested portion of the award is forfeited if the employee or non-employee director leaves the Company before the vesting period is completed. 
 Granted Forfeited ) ) ) Vested ) ) ) Grants outstanding at end of period 
 RSAs, RSUs, and PSUs vested RSAs, RSUs, and PSUs forfeited 
 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Cost of repurchase of shares (in thousands) 

NOTE 9 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and million, respectively, for various non-income tax related tax contingencies. In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, we recorded a million charge to settle an AMT payment dispute in one of the aforementioned countries. Of this amount, million is a reserve recorded against an income tax receivable for one of the tax years for which we sought a refund and the remaining million is an accrual for the unpaid years of the dispute in which the Company made tax payments using the original computation based on taxable income. Additionally, as part of the settlement, the Company agreed to pay AMT on a go-forward basis and accrued million for fiscal year 2023. 
 While the Company believes the recorded liabilities are adequate, there are inherent limitations in projecting the outcome of litigation, in estimating probable additional income tax liability taking into account uncertain tax positions and in evaluating the probable additional tax associated with various non-income tax filing positions. As such, the Company is unable to make a reasonable estimate of the sensitivity to change of estimates affecting its recorded liabilities. As additional information becomes available, the Company assesses the potential liability and revises its estimates as appropriate. 
 Other Commitments 
 The Company is committed under non-cancelable operating leases for the rental of facilities and land. Refer to Note 12 Leases . 
 The Company also committed to non-cancelable construction service obligations for various warehouse club developments and expansions. As of August 31, 2023 and August 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million and million, respectively, in contractual obligations for construction services not yet rendered. 
 As of August 31, 2023, the Company has signed lease agreement which has not commenced related to the relocation of its warehouse club in Miraflores, Guatemala. As part of the agreement, the landlord has agreed to build a shell building which is estimated to be delivered in the first half of calendar year 2025. The lease will have a term of approximately years and will commence upon delivery of the shell building to the Company. Per the lease agreement, the Company will pay monthly fixed base rent payments which increase annually based on the Consumer Price Index. The Company will also pay variable rent payments if the yearly warehouse sales for the location are in excess of a certain threshold. A collateralized incremental borrowing rate was used to determine the present value of estimated future minimum lease commitments. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total future lease payments 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 land purchase agreements that, if completed, would result in the use of approximately million in cash. Lastly, the Company has lease option agreement for additional warehouse club. 
 Refer to Note 15 - Unconsolidated Affiliates for a description of additional capital contributions that may be required in connection with joint ventures to develop commercial centers adjacent to PriceSmart warehouse clubs in Panama and Costa Rica. 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 10 
 Foreign Income from continuing operations before provision for income taxes and loss of unconsolidated affiliates 
 Foreign tax expense Total Deferred: U.S. tax benefit ) ) ) U.S. valuation allowance change Foreign tax benefit ) ) ) Foreign valuation allowance change ) Total ) ) ) Provision for income taxes 
 State taxes, net of federal benefit Differences in foreign tax rates Permanent items and other adjustments ) ) ) Increase in valuation allowance Provision for income taxes 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Deferred compensation U.S. timing differences Foreign net operating losses Foreign timing differences: Accrued expenses and other timing differences Depreciation and amortization Deferred income Gross deferred tax assets U.S. deferred tax liabilities (depreciation and other timing differences) ) ) Foreign deferred tax liabilities netted against deferred tax assets ) ) U.S. valuation allowance ) ) Foreign valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 For fiscal year 2023, the effective tax rate was . The increase in the effective rate versus the prior year was primarily attributable to the comparably favorable impact of due to a greater portion of income falling into lower tax jurisdictions, offset by the comparably unfavorable impact of from the AMT settlement and from asset impairment and related closure costs. 
 For fiscal year 2023, management concluded that a valuation allowance continues to be necessary for certain U.S. and foreign deferred tax assets primarily because of the existence of negative objective evidence, such as the fact that certain subsidiaries are in a cumulative loss position for the past three years, and the determination that certain net operating loss carryforward periods are not sufficient to realize the related deferred tax assets. The Company factored into its analysis the inherent risk of forecasting revenue and expenses over an extended period of time and also considered the potential risks associated with its business. The Company had net foreign deferred tax assets of million and million as of August 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 The Company does not provide for income taxes which would be payable if undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries were remitted to the U.S. The Company considers earnings to be permanently reinvested for any jurisdiction 
 where distribution from a foreign affiliate would cause additional tax cost, and management has no plans to repatriate the 
 related undistributed earnings and profits from these foreign affiliates. As of August 31, 2023 and 2022 the undistributed earnings of these foreign subsidiaries are approximately million and million, respectively. 
 The Company accrues for the estimated additional amount of taxes for uncertain income tax positions if the likelihood of sustaining the tax position does not meet the more-likely-than-not-standard for recognition of tax benefits. These positions are recorded as unrecognized tax benefits. 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Gross increase - tax positions in prior period Gross decrease - tax positions in prior period ) Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Expiration of the statute of limitations for the assessment of taxes ) ) ) Balance at end of fiscal year 
 As of August 31, 2023, the liability for income taxes associated with unrecognized tax benefits was million and can be reduced by million of tax benefits recorded as deferred tax assets and liabilities. The total million unrecognized tax benefit includes of associated timing adjustments. The net amount of million would, if recognized, favorably affect the Company's financial statements and favorably affect the Company's effective income tax rate. 
 The Company recognizes interest and/or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. As of August 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had accrued an additional million and million, respectively, for the payment of interest and penalties related to the above-mentioned unrecognized tax benefits. 
 The Company expects changes in the amount of unrecognized tax benefits in the next 12 months as the result of a lapse in various statutes of limitations. The lapse of statutes of limitations in the twelve-month period ending August 31, 2023 could result in a total income tax benefit amounting up to . 
 The Company has various appeals pending before tax courts in its subsidiaries' jurisdictions. Any possible settlement could increase or decrease earnings but is not expected to be significant. Audit outcomes and the timing of audit settlements are subject to significant uncertainty. 
 In countries where the Company operates, minimum income tax rules require the Company to pay taxes based on a percentage of sales if the resulting tax were greater than the tax payable based on a percentage of income (AMT). As a result, the Company is making AMT payments substantially in excess of those it would expect to pay based on taxable income. The Company had income tax receivables of million and million as of August 31, 2023 and August 31, 2022, respectively, and deferred tax assets of million and million as of August 31, 2023 and August 31, 2022, respectively, in these countries. 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, we recorded a million charge to settle the AMT payment dispute in one of the aforementioned countries, million of which was a reserve for an income tax receivable for one of the tax years for which we sought a refund and the remaining million is an accrual for the unpaid years of the dispute in which the Company made tax payments using the original computation based on taxable income. 
 While the rules related to refunds of income tax receivables in these countries are either unclear or complex, the Company has not placed any type of allowance on the recoverability of the remaining tax receivables, deferred tax assets or amounts that may be deemed under-paid, because the Company believes that it is more likely than not that it will ultimately succeed in its refund requests and appeals of these rules. 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

California (U.S.) (state return) 
 Florida (U.S.) (state return) 
 Aruba 
 Barbados 
 Costa Rica 
 Colombia 
 Dominican Republic 
 El Salvador 
 Guatemala 
 Honduras 
 Jamaica 
 Mexico 
 Nicaragua 
 Panama 
 Trinidad 
 U.S. Virgin Islands 
 Spain 
 Chile 
 
 Aeropost only 
 Generally for U.S. federal and U.S. Virgin Islands tax reporting purposes, the statute of limitations is three years from the date of filing of the income tax return. If and to the extent the tax year resulted in a taxable loss, the statute is extended to three years from the filing date of the income tax return in which the carryforward tax loss was used to offset taxable income in the carryforward year. Given the historical losses in these jurisdictions and the Section 382 change in control limitations on the use of the tax loss carryforwards, there is uncertainty and significant variation as to when a tax year is no longer subject to audit. 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 11 
 August 31, 2023 - Uncommitted August 31, 2023 - Overdraft Used (Uncommitted) August 31, 2023 - Total August 31, 2022 - Committed August 31, 2022 - Uncommitted August 31, 2022 - Total 
 As of August 31, 2023 and August 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants or amended covenants for each of its short-term facility agreements. These facilities generally expire annually or bi-annually and are normally renewed. of these facilities is a committed credit agreement with bank for million . In exchange for the bank s commitment to fund any drawdowns the Company requests, the Company pays an annual commitment fee of , payable quarterly, on any unused portion of this facility. Additionally, the Company has uncommitted facilities in most of the countries where it operates, with drawdown requests subject to approval by the individual banks each time a drawdown is requested. 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 (1) 
 Proceeds from long-term debt received during the period: Guatemala subsidiary Trinidad subsidiary Total proceeds from long-term debt received during the period Repayments of long-term debt: ) ) ) Reclassifications of long-term debt due in the next 12 months ) Translation adjustments on foreign currency debt of subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar (2) 
 ) ) ) Balances as of August 31, 2022 (3) 
 Proceeds from long-term debt received during the period: Guatemala subsidiary Barbados subsidiary Honduras subsidiary Trinidad subsidiary Total proceeds from long-term debt received during the period Repayments of long-term debt: ) ) ) Reclassifications of long-term debt due in the next 12 months ) Translation adjustments on foreign currency debt of subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar (2) 
 ) ) Balances as of August 31, 2023 
 (4) 
 
 (1) The carrying amount of non-cash assets assigned as collateral for these loans was million. The carrying amount of cash assets assigned as collateral for these loans was million. 
 (2) These foreign currency translation adjustments are recorded within other comprehensive loss. 
 (3) The carrying amount of non-cash assets assigned as collateral for these loans was million. The carrying amount of cash assets assigned as collateral for these loans was million. 
 (4) The carrying amount of non-cash assets assigned as collateral for these loans was million. The carrying amount of cash assets assigned as collateral for these loans was million. 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Loans entered into by the Company's subsidiaries for which the subsidiary has entered into an interest rate swap with non-cash assets and/or cash or cash equivalents assigned as collateral and with/without established debt covenants Unhedged loans entered into by the Company's subsidiaries with non-cash assets and/or cash or cash equivalents assigned as collateral and with/without established debt covenants Total long-term debt Less: current portion Long-term debt, net of current portion 
 As of August 31, 2023 and August 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million and million, respectively, of long-term loans in several foreign subsidiaries which require these entities to comply with certain annual or quarterly financial covenants, which include debt service and leverage ratios. The Company was in compliance with all covenants or amended covenants for both periods. The net increase in long-term debt during the twelve months ended August 31, 2023 is primarily attributable to loans entered into by the Company s Honduras, Guatemala, Barbados, and Trinidad subsidiaries, and offset by payments on its long-term debt. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 NOTE 12 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 years. 
 Where the Company's leases do not provide an implicit rate, a collateralized incremental borrowing rate ("IBR") is used to determine the present value of lease payments. The IBR is based on a yield curve derived by publicly traded bond offerings for companies with similar credit characteristics that approximate the Company's market risk profile. In addition, we adjust the IBR for jurisdictional risk derived from quoted interest rates from financial institutions to reflect the cost of borrowing in the Company s local markets. 
 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Sublease income ) ) Total lease costs 
 The weighted average remaining lease term and weighted average discount rate for operating leases as of August 31, 2023 and August 31, 2022 were as follows: 
 Years Ended August 31, 2023 2022 Weighted average remaining lease term in years Weighted average discount rate percentage 
 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total future lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total operating lease liabilities 
 
 NOTE 13 
 
 F-42 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 PriceSmart, Inc. 11th day of each July, October, January and April, beginning on July 11, 2023 April 12, 2023 - April 11, 2028 Colombia subsidiary 26-Sep-22 Citibank, N.A. ("Citi") Cross currency interest rate swap PriceSmart, Inc. 24th day of each December, March, June and September beginning December 26, 2022 September 26, 2022 - September 24, 2024 Colombia subsidiary 3-May-22 Citibank, N.A. ("Citi") Cross currency interest rate swap PriceSmart, Inc. 3rd day of each May, August, November and February, beginning on August 3, 2022 May 3, 2022 - May 3, 2027 Colombia subsidiary 17-Nov-21 Citibank, N.A. ("Citi") Cross currency interest rate swap PriceSmart, Inc. 17th day of each February, May, August, and November, beginning on February 17, 2022 November 17, 2021 - November 18, 2024 Colombia subsidiary 03-Dec-19 Citibank, N.A. ("Citi") Cross currency interest rate swap Citibank, N.A. Variable rate 3-month Libor plus 
 3rd day of each December, March, June and September beginning March 3, 2020 December 3, 2019 - December 3, 2024 Colombia subsidiary 27-Nov-19 Citibank, N.A. ("Citi") Cross currency interest rate swap Citibank, N.A. Variable rate 3-month Libor plus 
 27th day of each November, February, May and August beginning February 27, 2020 November 27, 2019 - November 27, 2024 PriceSmart, Inc. 07-Nov-16 MUFG Union Bank, N.A. ("Union Bank") Interest rate swap Union Bank Variable rate 3-month Libor plus 
 1st day of each month beginning on April 1, 2017 March 1, 2017 - March 1, 2027 
 Interest expense for the year ended August 31, 2022 Interest expense for the year ended August 31, 2021 
 (1) This amount is representative of the interest expense recognized on the underlying hedged transactions. 
 (2) This amount is representative of the interest expense recognized on the interest rate swaps and cross currency swaps designated as cash flow hedging instruments. 
 F-43 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Citibank N.A. Scotiabank Total 
 Derivatives listed on the table below were designated as cash flow hedging instruments. 
 ) Cross-currency interest rate swaps Other non-current assets ) ) Cross-currency interest rate swaps Other current liabilities ) ) Cross-currency interest rate swaps Other long-term liabilities ) ) Interest rate swaps Other non-current assets ) ) Net fair value of derivatives designated as hedging instruments ) ) 
 Fair Value Instruments 
 From time to time the Company enters into non-deliverable forward foreign-exchange contracts. These contracts are treated for accounting purposes as fair value contracts and do not qualify for derivative hedge accounting. The use of non-deliverable forward foreign-exchange contracts is intended to offset changes in cash flow attributable to currency exchange movements. These contracts are intended primarily to economically hedge exposure to U.S. dollar merchandise inventory expenditures made by the Company s international subsidiaries whose functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar. 
 F-44 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 8-Sep-2023 - 24-Jan-2024 Citibank, N.A. ("Citi") Colombia 18-Jan-2023 - 31-Aug-2023 Forward foreign exchange contracts (USD) 18-Sep-2023 - 24-Apr-2024 
 Forward derivative gains and (losses) on non-deliverable forward foreign-exchange contracts are included in Other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of income in the period of change, but the amounts were immaterial for the twelve months ended August 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 
 NOTE 14 
 of Payless ShoeSource Holdings, Ltd., which rents retail space from the Company. The Company recorded approximately , , and million in rental income for this space during the fiscal years ended 2023, 2022 and 2021. Additionally, Mr. Zurcher is a director of Molinos de Costa Rica S.A. The Company paid approximately million for products purchased from this entity for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023, and million for products purchased for each of the fiscal years ended August 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 Relationships with Price Family Charitable Organizations: During the years ended August 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company sold approximately million, , and million, respectively, of supplies to Price Philanthropies Foundation. Robert Price, Chairman of the Company's Board of Directors and Interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company, is the Chairman of the Board and President of the Price Philanthropies Foundation. Sherry S. Bahrambeygui, a director of the Company, serves as a director of the Board of the Price Philanthropies Foundation. Jeffrey R. Fisher, a director of the Company, serves as the Chief Financial Officer and as a director of the Board of the Price Philanthropies Foundation. David Price, a director and the Executive Vice President and Chief Transformation Officer of the Company, serves as a Vice President and a Vice Chair of the Board of the Price Philanthropies Foundation. 
 Relationship with Golf Park Plaza, S.A.: Golf Park Plaza, S.A. is a real estate joint venture located in Panama, entered by the Company in 2008 (see Note 15 - Unconsolidated Affiliate). On December 12, 2013, the Company entered into a lease agreement for approximately square feet square meters) of land with Golf Park Plaza, S.A. upon which the Company constructed its central offices in Panama. The lease term is for years with options to renew for each at the Company's discretion. On July 14, 2017, the Company entered into a lease agreement for approximately square feet square meters) of a building with Golf Park Plaza, S.A. for warehouse storage space. The agreement was recently renewed for an additional during fiscal year 2022. Combined, the Company recognized in rent expense for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023, in rent expense for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022, and in rent expense for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021. 
 Relationship with Robert Price: On February 3, 2023, Robert E. Price, a Company founder and Chairman of the Board, became Interim Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Price has elected not to receive compensation for his role as Interim Chief Executive Officer. Therefore, the financial statements do not include compensation charges for his services. We have estimated the fair value of these services, based on a number of factors, to be approximately million on an annual basis. We acknowledge that this may not be representative of what ultimately could be the cost to the Company when a replacement Chief Executive Officer is hired. 
 F-45 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 15 
 square feet square meters) of land with Golf Park Plaza, S.A. upon which the Company constructed its central offices in Panama. Construction of the offices was completed in October 2014. The lease term is for years with options to renew for each at the Company's discretion. On July 14, 2017, the Company entered into a lease agreement for approximately square feet square meters) of a building with Golf Park Plaza, S.A. for warehouse storage space. The agreement was recently renewed for an additional during fiscal year 2022. Combined, the Company recognized in rent expense for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023, in rent expense for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022, and in rent expense for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021. 
 ) Price Plaza Alajuela PPA, S.A. Total 
 (1) The parties intend to seek alternate financing for the project, which could reduce the amount of investments each party would be required to provide. The parties may mutually agree on changes to the project, which could increase or decrease the amount of contributions each party is required to provide. 
 (2) The maximum exposure is determined by adding the Company s variable interest in the entity and any explicit or implicit arrangements that could require the Company to provide additional financial support. 
 F-46 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Noncurrent assets Current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities 
 Years Ended August 31, 2023 2022 2021 PriceSmart s share of the net loss of unconsolidated affiliates ) ) ) 
 
 NOTE 16 
 warehouse clubs located in countries and U.S. territory that are located in Central America, the Caribbean and Colombia. In addition, the Company operates distribution centers and corporate offices in the United States. The Company has aggregated its warehouse clubs, distribution centers and corporate offices into reportable segments. The Company s reportable segments are based on management s organization of these locations into operating segments by general geographic location, which are used by management in setting up management lines of responsibility, providing support services, and making operational decisions and assessments of financial performance. Segment amounts are presented after converting to U.S. dollars and consolidating eliminations. Certain revenues, operating costs and inter-company charges included in the United States segment are not allocated to the segments within this presentation, as it is impractical to do so, and they appear as reconciling items to reflect the amount eliminated on consolidation of intersegment transactions. From time to time, the Company revises the measurement of each segment's operating income and net income, including certain corporate overhead allocations, and other measures as determined by the information regularly reviewed by management. When the Company does so, the previous period amounts and balances are reclassified to conform to the current period's presentation. 
 
 F-47 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Intersegment revenues ) Depreciation, Property and equipment Amortization, Intangibles Operating income (loss) ) Interest income from external sources Interest income from intersegment sources ) Interest expense from external sources Interest expense from intersegment sources ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) Net income attributable to PriceSmart, Inc. ) Long-lived assets (other than deferred tax assets) Goodwill Investment in unconsolidated affiliates Total assets Capital expenditures, net Year Ended August 31, 2022 Revenue from external customers Intersegment revenues ) Depreciation, Property and equipment Amortization, Intangibles Operating income (loss) ) Interest income from external sources Interest income from intersegment sources ) Interest expense from external sources Interest expense from intersegment sources ) Provision for income taxes Net income attributable to PriceSmart, Inc. ) Long-lived assets (other than deferred tax assets) Intangibles, net Goodwill Investment in unconsolidated affiliates Total assets Capital expenditures, net Year Ended August 31, 2021 Revenue from external customers Intersegment revenues ) Depreciation, Property and equipment Amortization, Intangibles Operating income (loss) ) Interest income from external sources Interest income from intersegment sources ) Interest expense from external sources Interest expense from intersegment sources ) Provision for income taxes Net income (loss) attributable to PriceSmart, Inc. ) ) Long-lived assets (other than deferred tax assets) Intangibles, net Goodwill Investment in unconsolidated affiliates Total assets Capital expenditures, net 
 (1) Management considers its club in the U.S. Virgin Islands to be part of its Caribbean operations. 
 
 F-48 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 17 

F-49 

Table of Contents 

 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 Corporate Offices 
 9740 Scranton Road 
 San Diego, CA 92121 
 (858) 404-8800 
 Stock Exchange Listing 
 NASDAQ Global Select Market 
 Stock Symbol: PSMT 
 Annual Meeting 
 Wednesday, February 1, 2024 at 10:00 AM 
 PriceSmart, Inc. Corporate Headquarters 
 9740 Scranton Road 
 San Diego, CA 92121 
 Transfer Agent 
 Computershare Inc. 
 462 South 4 th Street, Suite 1600 
 Louisville, KY, 40202 
 Telephone: (888) 867-6003 
 TDD for Hearing Impaired: (800) 490-1493 
 Outside U.S.: (201) 680-6578 
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Ernst Young U.S. LLP 
 4365 Executive Drive, Suite 1600 
 San Diego, CA 92121 
 PriceSmart's annual reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-K and any quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as amended, will be provided free of charge upon written request to Investor Relations, PriceSmart, Inc., 9740 Scranton Road, San Diego, CA 92121. Internet users can access PriceSmart's web site at http://www.investors.pricesmart.com. 
 F-50 

<EX-10.36>
 2
 psmt-20230831x10kxexx1036.htm
 EX-10.36

Document 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 This Employment Agreement Agreement is made as of July 1, 2023, between PriceSmart, Inc. (the Company and Wayne Sadin (the Executive ). 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to retain and employ the Executive, and the Executive desires to be retained and employed by the Company on the terms contained in this Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Position and Duties . 
 (a) The Executive shall serve as the Company s Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer. The Executive will report to the Company s Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff. 
 (b) The Executive shall perform those services customary to this office and such other lawful duties that the Company s Chief Executive Officer may reasonably assign to him. The Executive shall devote all of his business time and best efforts to the performance of his duties under this Agreement and shall be subject to, and shall comply with the Company policies, practices and procedures and all codes of ethics or business conduct applicable to his position, as in effect from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive shall be entitled to (i) serve as a member of the board of directors or advisory board of a reasonable number of other companies, subject to the advance approval of the Chief Executive Officer, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, (ii) serve on civic, charitable, educational, religious, public interest or public service boards, subject to the advance approval of the Chief Executive Officer, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, (iii) manage the Executive s personal and family investments, in each case, to the extent such activities do not materially interfere, as determined by the Chief Executive Officer in good faith, with the performance of the Executive s duties and responsibilities hereunder and (iv) participate in interviews, contribute to blogs and engage in other similar activities so long as such matters contemplated by this clause (iv) are unpaid and do not materially interfere, as determined by the Chief Executive Officer in good faith, with the performance of the Executive s duties and responsibilities hereunder. 
 2. Term . This Agreement and the Executive s employment pursuant to this Agreement shall begin on July 1, 2023 (the Effective Date and end on the first anniversary of the Effective Date (the Expiration Date ), unless terminated earlier by the Company or the Executive pursuant to Section 4 of this Agreement (the Term ). 
 3. Compensation and Related Matters . 
 (a) Base Salary . During the Term, the Executive s annual base salary shall be 575,000 (the Base Salary ). The Base Salary shall be payable in accordance with the Company s normal payroll procedures in effect from time to time and may be increased, but not decreased, at the discretion of the Company. 
 (b) Bonus . During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to receive a bonus (the Bonus for each fiscal year, payable in cash in accordance with, and subject to the terms and conditions of, the Company s bonus or other cash incentive program (each, a Bonus Program ), if either (or both) are then applicable to Company executives. Any Bonus 
 1 
 
 502470188v.1 

compensation payable to the Executive shall be payable in accordance with the Company s Bonus Program (if applicable), subject to the condition that the Executive remain employed by the Company through the end of the relevant Bonus year, except as set forth in Section 5 herein. 
 (c) Business Expenses . During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable business expenses incurred by him in performing services hereunder, in accordance with the policies and procedures then in effect and established by the Company for its senior executive officers. 
 (d) Other Benefits . During the Term and subject to any contribution therefor required of employees of the Company, the Executive shall be eligible to participate in all equity, pension, savings and retirement plans, welfare and insurance plans, practices, policies, programs and perquisites of employment applicable generally to other senior executives of the Company, except to the extent any employee benefit plan provides for benefits otherwise provided to the Executive hereunder (e.g., bonuses and severance). Such participation shall be subject to (i) requirements of applicable law, (ii) the terms of the applicable plan documents, (iii) generally applicable Company policies, and (iv) the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board or any administrative or other committee provided for under or contemplated by such plan. The Executive shall have no recourse against the Company under this Agreement in the event that the Company should alter, modify, add to or eliminate any or all of its employee benefit plans. 
 (e) Vacation Holidays . During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to take vacation and other holiday time in accordance with the policies applicable to senior executives of the Company generally. 
 4. Termination . The Executive s employment may be terminated prior to the expiration of the Term hereof and this Agreement may be terminated under the following circumstances 
 (a) Expiration . Executive s employment shall terminate on the Expiration Date. 
 (b) Death . The Executive s employment shall terminate upon his death. 
 (c) Disability . The Company may terminate the Executive s employment if the Executive becomes subject to a Disability. For purposes of this Agreement, Disability means the Executive is unable to perform the essential functions of his position, with or without a reasonable accommodation, for a period of 90 consecutive calendar days or 180 non-consecutive calendar days within any rolling 12-month period. 
 (d) Termination by Company for Cause . The Company may terminate the Executive s employment for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause means (i) the Executive s repeated and habitual failure to perform his duties or obligations hereunder (ii) engaging in any act that has a direct, substantial and adverse effect on the Company s interests (iii) personal dishonesty, willful misconduct, or breach of fiduciary duty involving personal profit (iv) intentional failure to perform his stated duties (v) willful violation or reckless disregard of any law, rule or regulation which materially adversely affects his ability to discharge his duties or has a direct, substantial and adverse effect on the Company s interests (vi) any material breach of his contract by Executive or (vii) conduct authorizing termination under Cal. Labor Code 2924. 
 2 
 502470188v.1 

(e) Termination by the Company without Cause . The Company may terminate the Executive s employment at any time without Cause upon 30 days prior written notice. 
 (f) Termination by the Executive . The Executive may terminate his employment at any time for any reason other than a Good Reason, upon 60 days prior written notice. 
 (g) Termination by the Executive for Good Reason . The Executive may terminate his employment for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason means the existence of any one or more of the following conditions without the Executive s consent, provided Executive submit written notice to the Company within 45 days that such condition(s) first arose specifying the condition(s) (i) a material change in or reduction of the Executive s authority, duties and responsibilities, or the assignment to the Executive of duties materially inconsistent with the Executive s position with the Company (ii) a material reduction in the Executive s then-current compensation or (iii) the requirement that Executive relocate to an office location more than fifty (50) miles from the Executive s place of residence. The Executive s continued employment subsequent to an event that may constitute Good Reason shall not be deemed to be a waiver of his rights under this provision (subject to the 45-day time period specified herein). Upon receipt of written notice from the Executive regarding a condition constituting Good Reason, the Company shall then have 30 days to correct the condition (the Cure Period ). If such condition is not corrected by the last day of the Cure Period, the Executive s resignation for Good Reason shall become effective on the 31st day following the Executive s written notice specifying the events giving rise to a Good Reason termination. 
 (h) The Termination Date means (i) if the Executive s employment is terminated by his death under Section 4(b), the date of his death (ii) if the Executive s employment is terminated on account of his Disability under Section 4(c), the date on which the Company provides the Executive a written termination notice (iii) if the Company terminates the Executive s employment for Cause under Section 4(d), the date on which the Company provides the Executive a written termination notice (iv) if the Company terminates the Executive s employment without Cause under Section 4(e), 30 days after the date on which the Company provides the Executive a written termination notice (v) if the Executive resigns his employment without Good Reason under Section 4(f), 60 days after the date on which the Executive provides the Company a written termination notice (vi) if the Executive resigns his employment with Good Reason under Section 4(g), the 31st day following the day the Executive provides the Company with written notice of the conditions constituting same, if the Company has not cured such conditions by the 30th day and (vii) the Expiration Date if the Executive s employment terminates upon the Expiration Date. 
 (i) Actions on Termination Date . Executive agrees that on or before the Termination Date, Executive shall resign from all board and officer positions with the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates, and this Agreement shall constitute an agreement to so resign upon the effective date of Executive s termination. 
 (j) Access to Company Property . Upon delivery of any notice of intent not to renew or any notice of termination, the Company may, immediately or at any time after such notice, preclude Executive from having access to the Company s facilities, equipment, computers and any related processes and property. 
 5. Compensation upon Termination . 
 3 
 502470188v.1 

(a) Accrued Obligations Payable upon any Termination . Upon the termination of Executive s employment with the Company for any reason, the Company shall pay or provide to the Executive (or Executive s estate) the following amounts through the Termination Date any earned but unpaid Base Salary, unpaid expense reimbursements, any vested benefits the Executive may have under any employee benefit plan of the Company, and if a Bonus Program is in existence, any earned but unpaid Bonus for the fiscal year prior to the fiscal year in which the Termination Date occurs (the Accrued Obligations on or before the time required by law but in no event more than 30 days after the Executive s Termination Date. 
 (b) Termination by the Company without Cause or by the Executive with Good Reason . If, prior to the expiration of the Term, the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause pursuant to Section 4(e), or the Executive terminates his employment for Good Reason pursuant to Section 4(g), then the Executive shall be entitled to the following, subject to Section 6 
 (i)If a Bonus Program is in existence, the Company shall pay the Executive a pro rata portion of the Bonus earned as of the Termination Date with respect to the bonus year in which the Termination Date occurs (the Pro-Rata Bonus 
 (ii)Subject to the timely election of continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended COBRA ), the Company shall continue to contribute to the premium cost of the Executive s participation and that of his eligible dependents in the Company s group health plan (to the extent permitted under applicable law and the terms of such plan) which covers the Executive (and the Executive s eligible dependents) for a period of twelve (12) months provided (x) the Executive pays the remainder of the premium cost of such participation by payroll deduction (if any) (y) the Executive is eligible and remains eligible for COBRA coverage and (z) the Executive reports to the Company on a monthly basis any health care premium payments received from another employer during such 12-month period, as such amounts shall be deducted from any Company-paid COBRA premium contribution. If the reimbursement of any COBRA premiums would violate the nondiscrimination rules or cause the reimbursement of claims to be taxable under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, together with the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the Act or Section 105(h) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), the Company-paid premiums shall be treated as taxable payments and be subject to imputed income tax treatment to the extent, necessary to eliminate any discriminatory treatment or taxation under the Act or Section 105(h) of the Code. If the Executive s participation or that of his eligible dependents participation would give rise to penalties or taxes against the Company under the Act, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, the Company shall instead make cash payments to the Executive over the same period in monthly installments in an amount equal to the Company s portion of the monthly cost of providing such benefits under its group health plan for such period and 
 (iii)The Company shall pay the Executive severance in an amount equal to one times the Base Salary at the rate in effect on the Termination Date (but without giving effect to any reduction if one or all of the bases for the Executive s resignation for Good Reason is a reduction in compensation) in 24 equal installments (totaling twelve months) as set forth in Section 6. 
 (c) Termination by the Company for Disability . If, prior to the expiration of the Term, the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company for Disability pursuant to Section 4(c), then the Executive shall be entitled to the following subject to Section 6 
 4 
 502470188v.1 

(i)If a Bonus Program is in existence, the Company shall pay the Executive a Pro-Rata Bonus 
 (ii)Subject to the timely election of continuation coverage under COBRA, the Company shall continue to contribute to the premium cost of the Executive s participation and that of his eligible dependents in the Company s group health plan (to the extent permitted under applicable law and the terms of such plan) which covers the Executive (and the Executive s eligible dependents) for a period of 12 months provided (x) the Executive pays the remainder of the premium cost of such participation by payroll deduction (if any) (y) the Executive is eligible and remains eligible for COBRA coverage and (z) the Executive reports to the Company on a monthly basis any health care premium payments received from another employer during such 12-month period, as such amounts shall be deducted from any Company-paid COBRA premium contribution. If the reimbursement of any COBRA premiums would violate the nondiscrimination rules or cause the reimbursement of claims to be taxable under the Act or Section 105(h) of the Code, the Company-paid premiums shall be treated as taxable payments and be subject to imputed income tax treatment to the extent, necessary to eliminate any discriminatory treatment or taxation under the Act or Section 105(h) of the Code. If the Executive s participation or that of his eligible dependents participation would give rise to penalties or taxes against the Company under the Act, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, the Company shall instead make cash payments to the Executive over the same period in monthly installments in an amount equal to the Company s portion of the monthly cost of providing such benefits under its group health plan for such period 
 (iii)The Company shall pay the Executive severance in an amount equal to one times the Base Salary at the rate in effect on the Termination Date in 24 equal installments (totaling twelve months) as set forth in Section 6 provided , however , that the Company shall deduct from such severance any earned income (other than passive investment income) or disability payments received by Executive during such 12-month period, and as to which Executive covenants to report to the Company such income on a bi-weekly basis. 
 (d) Termination by the Company due to Executive s Death . If, prior to the expiration of the Term, the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company due to Executive s Death pursuant to Section 4(b), then the Executive s estate shall be entitled to the following subject to Section 6 
 (i)If a Bonus Program is in existence, the Company shall pay the Executive a Pro-Rata Bonus 
 (ii)Subject to the timely election of continuation coverage under COBRA, the Company shall continue to contribute to the premium cost of Executive s eligible dependents in the Company s group health plan (to the extent permitted under applicable law and the terms of such plan) for a period of twelve (12) months provided (x) the Executive s estate pays the remainder of the premium cost of such participation by payroll deduction (if any) and (y) the Executive s dependents remain eligible for COBRA coverage. If the reimbursement of any COBRA premiums would violate the nondiscrimination rules or cause the reimbursement of claims to be taxable under the Act or Section 105(h) of the Code, the Company paid premiums shall be treated as taxable payments and be subject to imputed income tax treatment to the extent, necessary to eliminate any discriminatory treatment or taxation under the Act or Section 105(h) of the Code. If the participation of Executive s eligible dependents would give rise to penalties or taxes against the Company under the Act, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, the Company shall instead make cash payments to the Executive s estate over the same period in monthly installments in an amount equal to the Company s portion of the monthly cost of providing such benefits under its group health plan for such period. 
 5 
 502470188v.1 

(e) Termination by the Company Due to Cause or by Executive without Good Reason and Without Notice . If, prior to the expiration of the Term, the Company terminates Executive s employment for Cause pursuant to Section 4(d), or by Executive without Good Reason and without notice pursuant to Section 4(f), then the Executive shall be entitled only to the Accrued Obligations in Section 5(a) and shall be entitled to no other benefits from the Company. 
 (f) Termination by Executive without Good Reason and With Notice . If, prior to the expiration of the Term, Executive terminates without Good Reason but provides the minimum of 60 days notice of such termination pursuant to Section 4(f), and such notice makes the Termination Date at or after the time period encompassed by the relevant bonus year, then in addition to the Accrued Obligations set forth in Section 5(a), Executive shall be entitled to Executive s accrued but unpaid Bonus, to the extent such a Bonus Program exists. In such event, the Bonus shall be paid on the date the bonuses are paid to other Executives pursuant to the applicable Bonus Program, without reference to the actual Termination Date. 
 6. Release Payment . Except for the Accrued Obligations provided for in Section 5(a), any other payments and benefits provided for in Section 5 shall be conditioned on (a) the Executive s continued compliance with the obligations of the Executive under Sections 8 and 9 and (b) the Executive or, in the event of his death, his estate, executing and delivering to the Company a full release of all claims that the Executive, his heirs and assigns may have against the Company, its affiliates and subsidiaries and each of their respective directors, officers, employees and agents, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company, which shall include an affirmation by Executive that Executive shall fully comply with Sections 8 and 9 of this Agreement (the Release ). The Release must become enforceable and irrevocable on or before the sixtieth (60th) day following the Termination Date. If the Executive (or his estate) fails to execute without revocation the Release, he shall be entitled to the Accrued Obligations only and no other benefits. The installments of severance provided under Sections 5(b)(iii) and 5(c)(iii) shall commence in the calendar month following the month in which the Release becomes enforceable and irrevocable. If, however, the 60-day period in which the Release must become enforceable and irrevocable begins in one year and ends in the following year, the Company shall commence payment of the severance installments in the second year in the later of January and the first calendar month following the month in which the Release becomes effective and irrevocable. The first installment shall include, however, all amounts that would otherwise have been paid to the Executive between the Termination Date and the Executive s receipt of the first installment, assuming the first installment would otherwise have been paid in the month following the month in which the Termination Date occurs. Any Pro-Rata Bonus payable in Section 5 shall be paid on the later of the date it is to be paid under the applicable Bonus Program and the date that the severance payments commence to be paid under this Section 6. 
 7. Section 409A Compliance . 
 (a) All in-kind benefits provided and expenses eligible for reimbursement under this Agreement shall be provided by the Company or incurred by the Executive during the time periods set forth in this Agreement. All reimbursements shall be paid as soon as administratively practicable, but in no event shall any reimbursement be paid after the last day of the taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense was incurred. The amount of in-kind benefits provided or reimbursable expenses incurred in one taxable year shall not affect the in-kind benefits to be provided or the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other taxable year. Such right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 6 
 502470188v.1 

(b) To the extent that any of the payments or benefits provided for in Section 5 are deemed to constitute non-qualified deferred compensation benefits subject to Section 409A of the Code, the following interpretations apply to Section 5 
 (i)Any termination of the Executive s employment triggering payment of benefits under Section 5 must constitute a separation from service under Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Code and Treas. Reg. 1.409A-l(h) before distribution of such benefits can commence. To the extent that the termination of the Executive s employment does not constitute a separation of service under Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Code and Treas. Reg. 1.409A- 1(h) (as the result of further services that are reasonably anticipated to be provided by the Executive to the Company or any of its parents, subsidiaries or affiliates at the time the Executive s employment terminates), any benefits payable under Section 5 that constitute deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code shall be delayed until after the date of a subsequent event constituting a separation of service under Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Code and Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(h). For purposes of clarification, this Section 7(b)(i) shall not cause any forfeiture of benefits on the Executive s part, but shall only act as a delay until such time as a separation from service occurs. 
 (ii)Because the Executive is a specified employee (as that term is used in Section 409A of the Code and regulations and other guidance issued thereunder) on the date his separation from service becomes effective, any benefits payable under Section 5 that constitute non-qualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code shall be delayed until the earlier of (A) the business day following the six-month anniversary of the date his separation from service becomes effective, and (B) the date of the Executive s death, but only to the extent necessary to avoid such penalties under Section 409A of the Code. On the earlier of (A) the business day following the six-month anniversary of the date his separation from service becomes effective, and (B) the Executive s death, the Company shall pay the Executive in a lump sum the aggregate value of the non-qualified deferred compensation that the Company otherwise would have paid the Executive prior to that date under Section 5 of this Agreement. 
 (iii)It is intended that each installment of the payments and benefits provided under Section 5 of this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. In particular, the installment severance payments set forth in Section 6 of this Agreement shall be divided into two portions. That number of installments commencing on the first payment date set forth in Section 7 of this Agreement that are in the aggregate less than two times the applicable compensation limit under Section 401(a)(17) of the Code for the year in which the Termination Date occurs (provided the termination of the Executive s employment is also a separation from service) shall be payable in accordance with Treas. Reg. 1.409A-l(b)(9)(iii) as an involuntary separation plan. The remainder of the installments shall be paid in accordance with Sections 7(b)(i) and (ii) above. 
 8. Confidentiality and Restrictive Covenants . 
 (a) The Executive acknowledges that 
 (i)the Company (which, for purposes of this Section 8 shall include the Company and each of its subsidiaries and affiliates) operates membership warehouse clubs in Central America, Colombia and the Caribbean (the Business 
 (ii)the Company is dependent on the efforts of a certain limited number of persons who have developed, or will be responsible for developing the Company s Business 
 (iii)the Company s Business is international in scope 
 7 
 502470188v.1 

(iv)the Business in which the Company is engaged is intensely competitive and that Executive s employment by the Company will require that he have access to and knowledge of nonpublic confidential information of the Company and the Company s Business, including, but not limited to, certain all of the Company s products, plans for creation, acquisition or disposition of products or publications, strategic and expansion plans, formulas, research results, marketing plans, financial status and plans, budgets, forecasts, profit or loss figures, distributors and distribution strategies, pricing strategies, improvements, sales figures, contracts, agreements, then existing or then prospective suppliers and sources of supply and customer lists, undertakings with or with respect to the Company s customers or prospective customers, and patient information, product development plans, rules and regulations, personnel information and trade secrets of the Company, all of which are of vital importance to the success of the Company s business (collectively, Confidential Information 
 (v)the direct or indirect disclosure of any Confidential Information would place the Company at a serious competitive disadvantage and would do serious damage, financial and otherwise, to the Company s business 
 (vi)by his training, experience and expertise, the Executive s services to the Company is special and unique 
 (vii)the covenants and agreements of the Executive contained in this Section 8 are essential to the business and goodwill of the Company and 
 (viii)if the Executive leaves the Company s employ to work for a competitive business, in any capacity, it would cause the Company irreparable harm. 
 (b) Covenant Against Disclosure . All Confidential Information relating to the Business is, shall be and shall remain the sole property and confidential business information of the Company, free of any rights of the Executive. The Executive shall not make any use of the Confidential Information except in the performance of his duties hereunder and shall not disclose any Confidential Information to third parties, without the prior written consent of the Company. 
 (c) Return of Company Documents . On the Termination Date or on any prior date upon the Company s written demand, the Executive will return all memoranda, notes, lists, records, property and other tangible product and documents concerning the Business, including all Confidential Information, in his possession, directly or indirectly, that is in written or other tangible form (together with all duplicates thereof) and that he will not retain or furnish any such Confidential Information to any third party, either by sample, facsimile, film, audio or video cassette, electronic data, verbal communication or any other means of communication. 
 (d) Further Covenant . During the Term and through the second anniversary of the Termination Date, the Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, take any of the following actions, and, to the extent the Executive owns, manages, operates, controls, is employed by or participates in the ownership, management, operation or control of, or is connected in any manner with, any business, the Executive will use his best efforts to ensure that such business does not take any of the following actions 
 (i)Persuade or attempt to persuade any customer of the Company to cease doing business with the Company, or to reduce the amount of business any customer does with the Company 
 (ii)Take any action that interferes with the Company s contracts or prospective contracts with its customers or 
 8 
 502470188v.1 

(iii)Persuade or attempt to persuade any employee or independent contractor of the Company to leave the service of the Company, where such individual was an employee or independent contractor of the Company within one year prior to the Executive s Termination Date. 
 (e) Enforcement . The Executive acknowledges and agrees that any breach by him of any of the provisions of this Section 8 (the Restrictive Covenants would result in irreparable injury and damage for which money damages would not provide an adequate remedy. Therefore, if the Executive breaches or threatens to commit a breach of any of the provisions of Section 8, the Company shall have the ability to seek the following rights and remedies, each of which rights and remedies shall be independent of the other and severally enforceable, and all of which rights and remedies shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights and remedies available to the Company under law or in equity (including, without limitation, the recovery of damages) (i) the right and remedy to have the Restrictive Covenants specifically enforced (without posting bond and without the need to prove damages) by any court having equity jurisdiction, including, without limitation, the right to an entry against the Executive of restraining orders and injunctions (preliminary, mandatory, temporary and permanent) against violations, threatened or actual, and whether or not then continuing, of such covenants and (ii) the right and remedy to require the Executive to account for and pay over to the Company all compensation, profits, monies, accruals, increments or other benefits (collectively, Benefits derived or received by him as the result of any transactions constituting a breach of the Restrictive Covenants, and the Executive shall account for and pay over such Benefits to the Company and, if applicable, its affected subsidiaries and or affiliates. The Executive agrees that in any action seeking specific performance or other equitable relief, he will not assert or contend that any of the provisions of this Section 8 are unreasonable or otherwise unenforceable. Other than a material breach of this Agreement, the existence of any claim or cause of action by the Executive, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement of the Restrictive Covenants. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that any claim, action, or suit is brought for the purpose of determining or enforcing the rights of the Company under this Section 8, and the Company is the prevailing party in such claim, action, or suit, the Company shall be entitled to recover from the Executive all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by it, including reasonable attorneys fees. 
 (f) Defend Trade Secrets Act . Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit the Executive from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity including but not limited to the Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, and any Inspector General, or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal law or regulation. The Executive does not need the prior authorization of the Company to make any such reports or disclosures and the Executive is not required to notify the Company that the Executive has made such reports or disclosures. Under the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, the Company hereby provides notice and Executive hereby acknowledges that Executive may not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (B) is solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 
 9. Intellectual Property . 
 (a) Works for Hire . All creations, inventions, ideas, designs, software, copyrightable materials, trademarks, and other technology and rights (and any related improvements or modifications), whether or not subject to patent or copyright protection 
 9 
 502470188v.1 

(collectively, Creations ), relating to any activities of the Company which were, are, or will be conceived by the Executive or developed by the Executive in the course of his employment or other services with the Company, whether conceived alone or with others and whether or not conceived or developed during regular business hours, and if based on Confidential Information, after the termination of the Executive s employment, shall be the sole property of the Company and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, shall be deemed works made for hire as that term is used in the United States Copyright Act. The Executive agrees to assign and hereby does assign to the Company all Creations conceived or developed from the start of this employment with the Company through to the Termination Date, and after the Termination Date if the Creation incorporates or is based on any Confidential Information. 
 (b) Assignment . To the extent, if any, that the Executive retains any right, title or interest with respect to any Creations delivered to the Company or related to his employment with the Company, the Executive hereby grants to the Company an irrevocable, paid-up, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide right and license (i) to modify all or any portion of such Creations, including, without limitation, the making of additions to or deletions from such Creations, regardless of the medium (now or hereafter known) into which such Creations may be modified and regardless of the effect of such modifications on the integrity of such Creations and (ii) to identify the Executive, or not to identify his, as one or more authors of or contributors to such Creations or any portion thereof, whether or not such Creations or any portion thereof have been modified. The Executive further waives any moral rights, or other rights with respect to attribution of authorship or integrity of such Creations that he may have under any applicable law, whether under copyright, trademark, unfair competition, defamation, right of privacy, contract, tort or other legal theory. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to California Labor Code Section 2870, the foregoing shall not apply to an invention that Executive developed entirely on his own time without using the Company s equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information except for those inventions that either 
 Relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to the Company s business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the Company or 
 Result from any work performed by the Executive for the Company. 
 (c) Disclosure . The Executive will promptly inform the Company of any Creations he conceives or develops during the Term. The Executive shall (whether during his employment or after the termination of his employment) execute such written instruments and do other such acts as may be necessary in the opinion of the Company or its counsel to secure the Company s rights in the Creations, including obtaining a patent, registering a copyright, or otherwise (and the Executive hereby irrevocably appoints the Company and any of its officers as his attorney in fact to undertake such acts in his name). The Executive s obligation to execute written instruments and otherwise assist the Company in securing its rights in the Creations will continue after the termination of his employment for any reason, the Company shall reimburse the Executive for any out-of-pocket expenses (but not attorneys fees) he incurs in connection with his compliance with this Section 9(c). 
 10. Arbitration . 
 (a) All disputes between Executive (and Executive s attorneys, successors, and assigns) and the Company (and its affiliates, subsidiaries, shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, successors, attorneys, and assigns) relating in any manner to Executive s employment or the termination of Executive s employment, including, without limitation, all 
 10 
 502470188v.1 

disputes arising under this Agreement Arbitrable Claims ), shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration to the fullest extent permitted by law. Arbitrable Claims shall include, but are not limited to, contract (express or implied) and tort claims of all kinds, as well as all claims based on any federal, state, or local law, statute, or regulation, excepting only claims under applicable workers compensation law and unemployment insurance claims. By way of example and not in limitation of the foregoing, Arbitrable Claims shall include any claims arising under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, and the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, the Family Medical Leave Act as well as all claims under any applicable state or federal statute including but not limited to the California Labor Code, and any claims asserting wrongful termination, breach of contract, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, negligent or intentional infliction of emotional distress, harassment, discrimination, negligent or intentional misrepresentation, negligent or intentional interference with contract or prospective economic advantage, fraud, defamation, invasion of privacy, all claims related to disability and all wage or benefit claims, including but not limited to claims for salary, bonuses, profit participation, commissions, stock, stock options, vacation pay, fringe benefits or any form of compensation. Arbitration shall be final and binding upon the Parties and shall be the exclusive remedy for all Arbitrable Claims, except that the Parties may seek interim injunctive relief and other provisional remedies in court as set forth in this Agreement. The Parties hereby waive any rights they may have to trial by jury or any other form of administrative hearing or procedure in regard to the Arbitrable Claims. 
 (b) Claims shall be arbitrated in accordance with the then-existing National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes of the American Arbitration Association AAA Employment Rules ), as augmented by this Agreement. Arbitration shall be initiated as provided by the AAA Employment Rules, although the written notice to the other Party initiating arbitration shall also include a statement of the claims asserted and all the facts upon which the claims are based. Either Party may bring an action in court to compel arbitration under this Agreement and to enforce an arbitration award. Otherwise, neither Party shall initiate or prosecute any lawsuit or administrative action in any way related to any Arbitrable Claim. All arbitration hearings under this Agreement shall be conducted at the AAA office located nearest to Miami, Florida. The Federal Arbitration Act shall govern the interpretation and enforcement of this Section. 
 (c) All disputes involving Arbitrable Claims shall be decided by a single arbitrator. The arbitrator shall be selected by mutual agreement of the Parties within 30 days of the effective date of the notice initiating the arbitration. If the Parties cannot agree on an arbitrator, then the complaining Party shall notify the AAA and request selection of an arbitrator in accordance with the AAA Employment Rules. The arbitrator shall have only such authority to award equitable relief, damages, costs, and fees as a court would have for the particular claims asserted and any action of the arbitrator in contravention of this limitation may be the subject of court appeal by the aggrieved Party. No other aspect of any ruling by the arbitrator shall be appealable, and all other aspects of the arbitrator s ruling shall be final and non-appealable. The arbitrator shall have the authority to compel adequate discovery for the resolution of the dispute and to award such relief as would otherwise be permitted by law. The arbitrator shall be required to issue a written arbitration decision including the arbitrator s essential findings, conclusions and a statement of award. The Company shall pay all arbitration fees in excess of what the Executive would have to pay if the dispute were decided in a court of law. The arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to resolve all Arbitrable Claims, including, but not limited to, whether any particular claim is arbitrable and whether all or any part of this Agreement is void or unenforceable. 
 11 
 502470188v.1 

(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in order to provide for interim relief pending the finalization of arbitration proceedings hereunder, nothing in this Section 10 shall prohibit the Parties from pursuing, a claim for interim injunctive relief, for other applicable provisional remedies, and or for related attorneys fees in a court of competent jurisdiction in order to prevent irreparable harm pending the conclusion of the arbitration. 
 (e) If for any reason all or part of this arbitration provision is held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or regulation in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other part of this arbitration provision or any other jurisdiction, but this provision shall be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable part or parts of this arbitration provision had never been contained herein, consistent with the general intent of the Parties, as evidenced herein, insofar as possible. 
 11. Indemnification . This Agreement incorporates, but does not supersede, Executive s Indemnity Agreement with the Company, which survives the execution of this Agreement in all respects. 
 12. Integration . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements between the parties concerning such subject matter. 
 13. Successors . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executive s personal representatives, executors, administrators, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. In the event of the Executive s death after his termination of employment but prior to the completion by the Company of all payments due him under this Agreement, the Company shall continue such payments to the Executive s beneficiary designated in writing to the Company prior to his death (or to his estate, if the Executive fails to make such designation). The Company shall require any successor to the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. 
 14. Enforceability . If any portion or provision of this Agreement (including, without limitation, any portion or provision of any section of this Agreement) shall to any extent be declared illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the remainder of this Agreement, or the application of such portion or provision in circumstances other than those as to which it is so declared illegal or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each portion and provision of this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
 15. Survival . The provisions of this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement and or the termination of the Executive s employment to the extent necessary to effectuate the terms contained herein. 
 16. Waiver . No waiver of any provision hereof shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by the waiving party. The failure of any party to require the performance of any term or obligation of this Agreement, or the waiver by any party of any breach of this Agreement, shall not prevent any subsequent enforcement of such term or obligation or be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach. 
 17. Notices . Any notices, requests, demands and other communications provided for by this Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing and delivered in person or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service or by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return 
 12 
 502470188v.1 

receipt requested, to the Executive at the last address the Executive has filed in writing with the Company or, in the case of the Company, at its main offices, attention of the Board. 
 18. Amendment . This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument signed by the Executive and by a duly authorized representative of the Company. 
 19. Governing Law . This is a Florida contract and shall be construed under and be governed in all respects by the laws of Florida for contracts to be performed in that State and without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles of Florida or any other State. In the event of any alleged breach or threatened breach of this Agreement, the Executive hereby consents and submits to jurisdiction in the State of Florida. 
 20. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be taken to be an original but such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same document. 
 Signature page follows 
 
 13 
 502470188v.1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement effective on the date and year first above written. 
 PriceSmart, Inc. 
 By s Francisco Velasco 
 Name Francisco Velasco 
 Title Executive Vice President General Counsel, Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary 
 s Wayne Sadin 
 Wayne Sadin 

14 
 502470188v.1 

</EX-10.36>

<EX-10.37>
 3
 psmt-20230831x10kxexx1037.htm
 EX-10.37

Document 

AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 This Amended and Restated Employment Agreement Agreement is made as of August 4, 2023, between PriceSmart, Inc. (the Company and David Price (the Executive ). 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive previously entered into an Employment Agreement dated January 26, 2023 (the Prior Agreement ). 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive desire to amend and restate the Prior Agreement as set forth herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Position and Duties . 
 (a) The Executive shall serve as the Company s Executive Vice President and Chief Transformation Officer. Mr. Price will report to the Company s Interim Chief Executive Officer. 
 (b) The Executive shall perform those services customary to this office and such other lawful duties that the Company s Chief Executive Officer may reasonably assign to him. The Executive shall devote all of his business time and best efforts to the performance of his duties under this Agreement and shall be subject to, and shall comply with the Company policies, practices and procedures and all codes of ethics or business conduct applicable to his position, as in effect from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive shall be entitled to (i) serve as a member of the board of directors of a reasonable number of other companies, subject to the advance approval of the Chief Executive Officer, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, (ii) serve on civic, charitable, educational, religious, public interest or public service boards, subject to the advance approval of the Chief Executive Officer, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, and (iii) manage the Executive s personal and family investments, in each case, to the extent such activities do not materially interfere, as determined by the Chief Executive Officer in good faith, with the performance of the Executive s duties and responsibilities hereunder. 
 2. Term . This Agreement and the Executive s employment pursuant to this Agreement shall begin on August 1, 2023 (the Effective Date and end on the first anniversary of the Effective Date, unless terminated earlier by the Company or the Executive pursuant to Section 4 of this Agreement. This Agreement shall renew automatically for another one-year term on each anniversary of the Effective Date, unless either the Company or Executive notifies the other, in writing and in accordance with Section 17 herein, at least 60 days prior to the end of the then-current one-year term (the Expiration Date that either the Company or Executive wishes to terminate this Agreement (in which case this Agreement shall terminate in accordance with Section 4(a) herein). The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and end on the Expiration Date, unless terminated earlier by the Company or the Executive pursuant to Section 4 of this Agreement (the Term ). 
 3. Compensation and Related Matters . 
 (a) Base Salary . During the Term, the Executive s annual base salary shall be 625,000 (the Base Salary ). The Base Salary shall be payable in accordance with the 
 1 
 
 507901308v.2 

Company s normal payroll procedures in effect from time to time and may be increased, but not decreased, at the discretion of the Company. 
 (b) Bonus . During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to receive a bonus (the Bonus for each fiscal year, payable in cash in accordance with, and subject to the terms and conditions of, the Company s bonus or other cash incentive program (each, a Bonus Program ), if either (or both) are then applicable to Company executives. Any Bonus compensation payable to the Executive shall be payable in accordance with the Company s Bonus Program (if applicable), subject to the condition that the Executive remain employed by the Company through the end of the relevant Bonus year, except as set forth in Section 5 herein. For the 2023 fiscal year, Executive s target Bonus shall be a pro rated amount based on an annual target of 60,000 applicable to the first three months an annual target of 140,000 for the next eight months and an annual target of 250,000 for the last month. 
 (c) Business Expenses . During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable business expenses incurred by him in performing services hereunder, in accordance with the policies and procedures then in effect and established by the Company for its senior executive officers. 
 (d) Other Benefits . During the Term and subject to any contribution therefor required of employees of the Company, the Executive shall be eligible to participate in all equity, pension, savings and retirement plans, welfare and insurance plans, practices, policies, programs and perquisites of employment applicable generally to other senior executives of the Company, except to the extent any employee benefit plan provides for benefits otherwise provided to the Executive hereunder (e.g., bonuses and severance). Such participation shall be subject to (i) requirements of applicable law, (ii) the terms of the applicable plan documents, (iii) generally applicable Company policies, and (iv) the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board or any administrative or other committee provided for under or contemplated by such plan. The Executive shall have no recourse against the Company under this Agreement in the event that the Company should alter, modify, add to or eliminate any or all of its employee benefit plans. 
 (e) Vacation Holidays . During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to take vacation and other holiday time in accordance with the policies applicable to senior executives of the Company generally. 
 4. Termination . The Executive s employment may be terminated prior to the expiration of the Term hereof and this Agreement may be terminated under the following circumstances 
 (a) Expiration . Executive s employment shall terminate on the Expiration Date following the Company s or Executive s written notice indicating that either the Company or Executive will not renew this Agreement in accordance with Section 2 herein. 
 (b) Death . The Executive s employment shall terminate upon his death. 
 (c) Disability . The Company may terminate the Executive s employment if the Executive becomes subject to a Disability. For purposes of this Agreement, Disability means the Executive is unable to perform the essential functions of his position, with or without a reasonable accommodation, for a period of 90 consecutive calendar days or 180 non-consecutive calendar days within any rolling 12-month period. 
 2 
 507901308v.2 

(d) Termination by Company for Cause . The Company may terminate the Executive s employment for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause means (i) the Executive s repeated and habitual failure to perform his duties or obligations hereunder (ii) engaging in any act that has a direct, substantial and adverse effect on the Company s interests (iii) personal dishonesty, willful misconduct, or breach of fiduciary duty involving personal profit (iv) intentional failure to perform his stated duties (v) willful violation or reckless disregard of any law, rule or regulation which materially adversely affects his ability to discharge his duties or has a direct, substantial and adverse effect on the Company s interests (vi) any material breach of his contract by Executive or (vii) conduct authorizing termination under Cal. Labor Code 2924. 
 (e) Termination by the Company without Cause . The Company may terminate the Executive s employment at any time without Cause upon 30 days prior written notice. 
 (f) Termination by the Executive . The Executive may terminate his employment at any time for any reason other than a Good Reason, upon 60 days prior written notice. 
 (g) Termination by the Executive for Good Reason . The Executive may terminate his employment for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason means the existence of any one or more of the following conditions without the Executive s consent, provided Executive submit written notice to the Company within 45 days that such condition(s) first arose specifying the condition(s) (i) a material change in or reduction of the Executive s authority, duties and responsibilities, or the assignment to the Executive of duties materially inconsistent with the Executive s position with the Company (ii) a material reduction in the Executive s then -current compensation or (iii) the requirement that Executive relocate to an office location more than fifty (50) miles from San Diego, California. The Executive s continued employment subsequent to an event that may constitute Good Reason shall not be deemed to be a waiver of his rights under this provision (subject to the 45-day time period specified herein). Upon receipt of written notice from the Executive regarding a condition constituting Good Reason, the Company shall then have 30 days to correct the condition (the Cure Period ). If such condition is not corrected by the last day of the Cure Period, the Executive s resignation for Good Reason shall become effective on the 31st day following the Executive s written notice specifying the events giving rise to a Good Reason termination. 
 (h) The Termination Date means (i) if the Executive s employment is terminated by his death under Section 4(b), the date of his death (ii) if the Executive s employment is terminated on account of his Disability under Section 4(c), the date on which the Company provides the Executive a written termination notice (iii) if the Company terminates the Executive s employment for Cause under Section 4(d), the date on which the Company provides the Executive a written termination notice (iv) if the Company terminates the Executive s employment without Cause under Section 4(e), 30 days after the date on which the Company provides the Executive a written termination notice (v) if the Executive resigns his employment without Good Reason under Section 4(f), 60 days after the date on which the Executive provides the Company a written termination notice (vi) if the Executive resigns his employment with Good Reason under Section 4(g), the 31st day following the day the Executive provides the Company with written notice of the conditions constituting same, if the Company has not cured such conditions by the 30th day and (vii) the Expiration Date in the event of a termination pursuant to Section 4(a). 
 (i) Actions on Termination Date . Executive agrees that on or before the Termination Date, Executive shall resign from all board and officer positions with the Company 
 3 
 507901308v.2 

and its subsidiaries and affiliates, and this Agreement shall constitute an agreement to so resign upon the effective date of Executive s termination. 
 (j) Access to Company Property . Upon delivery of any notice of intent not to renew or any notice of termination, the Company may, immediately or at any time after such notice, preclude Executive from having access to the Company s facilities, equipment, computers and any related processes and property. 
 5. Compensation upon Termination . 
 (a) Accrued Obligations Payable upon Any Termination . Upon the termination of Executive s employment with the Company for any reason, the Company shall pay or provide to the Executive (or Executive s estate) the following amounts through the Termination Date any earned but unpaid Base Salary, unpaid expense reimbursements, any vested benefits the Executive may have under any employee benefit plan of the Company, and if a Bonus Program is in existence, any earned but unpaid Bonus for the fiscal year prior to the fiscal year in which the Termination Date occurs (the Accrued Obligations on or before the time required by law but in no event more than 30 days after the Executive s Termination Date. 
 (b) Termination by the Company without Cause, or by the Executive with Good Reason, or Due to Expiration of the Term following the Company s Delivery to Executive of a Notice of Intent Not to Renew . If, prior to the expiration of the Term, the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause pursuant to Section 4(e), or the Executive terminates his employment for Good Reason pursuant to Section 4(g), or the Executive s employment terminates due to the expiration of the Term following the Company s delivery to Executive of a notice of intent not to renew pursuant to Section 4(a), then the Executive shall be entitled to the following, subject to Section 6 
 (i)If a Bonus Program is in existence, the Company shall pay the Executive a pro rata portion of the Bonus earned as of the Termination Date with respect to the bonus year in which the Termination Date occurs (the Pro-Rata Bonus 
 (ii)Subject to the timely election of continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended COBRA ), the Company shall continue to contribute to the premium cost of the Executive s participation and that of his eligible dependents in the Company s group health plan (to the extent permitted under applicable law and the terms of such plan) which covers the Executive (and the Executive s eligible dependents) for a period of twelve (12) months provided (x) the Executive pays the remainder of the premium cost of such participation by payroll deduction (if any) (y) the Executive is eligible and remains eligible for COBRA coverage and (z) the Executive reports to the Company on a monthly basis any health care premium payments received from another employer during such 12-month period, as such amounts shall be deducted from any Company-paid COBRA premium contribution. If the reimbursement of any COBRA premiums would violate the nondiscrimination rules or cause the reimbursement of claims to be taxable under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, together with the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the Act or Section 105(h) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), the Company-paid premiums shall be treated as taxable payments and be subject to imputed income tax treatment to the extent, necessary to eliminate any discriminatory treatment or taxation under the Act or Section 105(h) of the Code. If the Executive s participation or that of his eligible dependents participation would give rise to penalties or taxes against the Company under the Act, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, the Company shall instead make cash payments to the Executive over the same period 
 4 
 507901308v.2 

in monthly installments in an amount equal to the Company s portion of the monthly cost of providing such benefits under its group health plan for such period and 
 (iii)The Company shall pay the Executive severance in an amount equal to one times the Base Salary at the rate in effect on the Termination Date (but without giving effect to any reduction if one or all of the bases for the Executive s resignation for Good Reason is a reduction in compensation) in 24 equal installments (totaling twelve months) as set forth in Section 6. 
 (c) Termination by the Company for Disability . If, prior to the expiration of the Term, the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company for Disability pursuant to Section 4(c), then the Executive shall be entitled to the following subject to Section 6 
 (i)If a Bonus Program is in existence, the Company shall pay the Executive a Pro-Rata Bonus 
 (ii)Subject to the timely election of continuation coverage under COBRA, the Company shall continue to contribute to the premium cost of the Executive s participation and that of his eligible dependents in the Company s group health plan (to the extent permitted under applicable law and the terms of such plan) which covers the Executive (and the Executive s eligible dependents) for a period of 12 months provided (x) the Executive pays the remainder of the premium cost of such participation by payroll deduction (if any) (y) the Executive is eligible and remains eligible for COBRA coverage and (z) the Executive reports to the Company on a monthly basis any health care premium payments received from another employer during such 12-month period, as such amounts shall be deducted from any Company-paid COBRA premium contribution. If the reimbursement of any COBRA premiums would violate the nondiscrimination rules or cause the reimbursement of claims to be taxable under the Act or Section 105(h) of the Code, the Company-paid premiums shall be treated as taxable payments and be subject to imputed income tax treatment to the extent, necessary to eliminate any discriminatory treatment or taxation under the Act or Section 105(h) of the Code. If the Executive s participation or that of his eligible dependents participation would give rise to penalties or taxes against the Company under the Act, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, the Company shall instead make cash payments to the Executive over the same period in monthly installments in an amount equal to the Company s portion of the monthly cost of providing such benefits under its group health plan for such period 
 (iii)The Company shall pay the Executive severance in an amount equal to one times the Base Salary at the rate in effect on the Termination Date in 24 equal installments (totaling twelve months) as set forth in Section 6 provided , however , that the Company shall deduct from such severance any earned income (other than passive investment income) or disability payments received by Executive during such 12-month period, and as to which Executive covenants to report to the Company such income on a bi-weekly basis. 
 (d) Termination by the Company due to Executive s Death . If, prior to the expiration of the Term, the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company due to Executive s Death pursuant to Section 4(b), then the Executive s estate shall be entitled to the following subject to Section 6 
 (i)If a Bonus Program is in existence, the Company shall pay the Executive a Pro-Rata Bonus 
 (ii)Subject to the timely election of continuation coverage under COBRA, the Company shall continue to contribute to the premium cost of Executive s eligible dependents in 
 5 
 507901308v.2 

the Company s group health plan (to the extent permitted under applicable law and the terms of such plan) for a period of twelve (12) months provided (x) the Executive s estate pays the remainder of the premium cost of such participation by payroll deduction (if any) and (y) the Executive s dependents remain eligible for COBRA coverage. If the reimbursement of any COBRA premiums would violate the nondiscrimination rules or cause the reimbursement of claims to be taxable under the Act or Section 105(h) of the Code, the Company paid premiums shall be treated as taxable payments and be subject to imputed income tax treatment to the extent, necessary to eliminate any discriminatory treatment or taxation under the Act or Section 105(h) of the Code. If the participation of Executive s eligible dependents would give rise to penalties or taxes against the Company under the Act, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, the Company shall instead make cash payments to the Executive s estate over the same period in monthly installments in an amount equal to the Company s portion of the monthly cost of providing such benefits under its group health plan for such period. 
 (e) Termination by the Company Due to Cause or Due to Expiration of the Term following Executive s Delivery to the Company of a Notice of Intent Not to Renew or by Executive without Good Reason and Without Notice . If, prior to the expiration of the Term, the Company terminates Executive s employment for Cause pursuant to Section 4(d), or Executive s employment terminates due to the expiration of the Term following Executive s delivery to the Company of a notice of intent not to renew pursuant to Section 4(a) or by Executive without Good Reason and without notice pursuant to Section 4(f), then the Executive shall be entitled only to the Accrued Obligations in Section 5(a) and shall be entitled to no other benefits from the Company. 
 (f) Termination by Executive without Good Reason and With Notice . If, prior to the expiration of the Term, Executive terminates without Good Reason but provides the minimum of 60 days notice of such termination pursuant to Section 4(f), and such notice makes the Termination Date at or after the time period encompassed by the relevant bonus year, then in addition to the Accrued Obligations set forth in Section 5(a), Executive shall be entitled to Executive s accrued but unpaid Bonus, to the extent such a Program exists. In such event, the Bonus shall be paid on the date the bonuses are paid to other Executives pursuant to the applicable Bonus Program, without reference to the actual Termination Date. 
 6. Release Payment . Except for the Accrued Obligations provided for in Section 5(a), any other payments and benefits provided for in Section 5 shall be conditioned on (a) the Executive s continued compliance with the obligations of the Executive under Sections 8 and 9 and (b) the Executive or, in the event of his death, his estate, executing and delivering to the Company a full release of all claims that the Executive, his heirs and assigns may have against the Company, its affiliates and subsidiaries and each of their respective directors, officers, employees and agents, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company, which shall include an affirmation by Executive that Executive shall fully comply with Sections 8 and 9 of this Agreement (the Release ). The Release must become enforceable and irrevocable on or before the sixtieth (60th) day following the Termination Date. If the Executive (or his estate) fails to execute without revocation the Release, he shall be entitled to the Accrued Obligations only and no other benefits. The installments of severance provided under Sections 5(b)(iii) and 5(c)(iii) shall commence in the calendar month following the month in which the Release becomes enforceable and irrevocable. If, however, the 60-day period in which the Release must become enforceable and irrevocable begins in one year and ends in the following year, the Company shall commence payment of the severance installments in the second year in the later of January and the first calendar month following the month in which the Release becomes effective and irrevocable. The first installment shall include, however, all amounts that would otherwise have been paid to the Executive between the Termination Date and the Executive s receipt of the first installment, assuming the first installment would otherwise have been paid in the month 
 6 
 507901308v.2 

following the month in which the Termination Date occurs. Any Pro-Rata Bonus payable in Section 5 shall be paid on the later of the date it is to be paid under the applicable Bonus Program and the date that the severance payments commence to be paid under this Section 6. 
 7. Section 409A Compliance . 
 (a) All in-kind benefits provided and expenses eligible for reimbursement under this Agreement shall be provided by the Company or incurred by the Executive during the time periods set forth in this Agreement. All reimbursements shall be paid as soon as administratively practicable, but in no event shall any reimbursement be paid after the last day of the taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense was incurred. The amount of in-kind benefits provided or reimbursable expenses incurred in one taxable year shall not affect the in-kind benefits to be provided or the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other taxable year. Such right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 (b) To the extent that any of the payments or benefits provided for in Section 5 are deemed to constitute non-qualified deferred compensation benefits subject to Section 409A of the Code, the following interpretations apply to Section 5 
 (i)Any termination of the Executive s employment triggering payment of benefits under Section 5 must constitute a separation from service under Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Code and Treas. Reg. 1.409A-l(h) before distribution of such benefits can commence. To the extent that the termination of the Executive s employment does not constitute a separation of service under Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Code and Treas. Reg. 1.409A- 1(h) (as the result of further services that are reasonably anticipated to be provided by the Executive to the Company or any of its parents, subsidiaries or affiliates at the time the Executive s employment terminates), any benefits payable under Section 5 that constitute deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code shall be delayed until after the date of a subsequent event constituting a separation of service under Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Code and Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(h). For purposes of clarification, this Section 7(b)(i) shall not cause any forfeiture of benefits on the Executive s part, but shall only act as a delay until such time as a separation from service occurs. 
 (ii)Because the Executive is a specified employee (as that term is used in Section 409A of the Code and regulations and other guidance issued thereunder) on the date his separation from service becomes effective, any benefits payable under Section 5 that constitute non-qualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code shall be delayed until the earlier of (A) the business day following the six-month anniversary of the date his separation from service becomes effective, and (B) the date of the Executive s death, but only to the extent necessary to avoid such penalties under Section 409A of the Code. On the earlier of (A) the business day following the six-month anniversary of the date his separation from service becomes effective, and (B) the Executive s death, the Company shall pay the Executive in a lump sum the aggregate value of the non-qualified deferred compensation that the Company otherwise would have paid the Executive prior to that date under Section 5 of this Agreement. 
 (iii)It is intended that each installment of the payments and benefits provided under Section 5 of this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. In particular, the installment severance payments set forth in Section 6 of this Agreement shall be divided into two portions. That number of installments commencing on the first payment date set forth in Section 7 of this Agreement that are in the aggregate less than two times the applicable compensation limit under Section 401(a)(17) of the Code for the year in which the Termination Date occurs (provided the termination of the 
 7 
 507901308v.2 

Executive s employment is also a separation from service) shall be payable in accordance with Treas. Reg. 1.409A-l(b)(9)(iii) as an involuntary separation plan. The remainder of the installments shall be paid in accordance with Sections 7(b)(i) and (ii) above. 
 8. Confidentiality and Restrictive Covenants . 
 (a) The Executive acknowledges that 
 (i)the Company (which, for purposes of this Section 8 shall include the Company and each of its subsidiaries and affiliates) operates membership warehouse clubs in Central America, Colombia and the Caribbean (the Business 
 (ii)the Company is dependent on the efforts of a certain limited number of persons who have developed, or will be responsible for developing the Company s Business 
 (iii)the Company s Business is international in scope 
 (iv)the Business in which the Company is engaged is intensely competitive and that Executive s employment by the Company will require that he have access to and knowledge of nonpublic confidential information of the Company and the Company s Business, including, but not limited to, certain all of the Company s products, plans for creation, acquisition or disposition of products or publications, strategic and expansion plans, formulas, research results, marketing plans, financial status and plans, budgets, forecasts, profit or loss figures, distributors and distribution strategies, pricing strategies, improvements, sales figures, contracts, agreements, then existing or then prospective suppliers and sources of supply and customer lists, undertakings with or with respect to the Company s customers or prospective customers, and patient information, product development plans, rules and regulations, personnel information and trade secrets of the Company, all of which are of vital importance to the success of the Company s business (collectively, Confidential Information 
 (v)the direct or indirect disclosure of any Confidential Information would place the Company at a serious competitive disadvantage and would do serious damage, financial and otherwise, to the Company s business 
 (vi)by his training, experience and expertise, the Executive s services to the Company is special and unique 
 (vii)the covenants and agreements of the Executive contained in this Section 8 are essential to the business and goodwill of the Company and 
 (viii)if the Executive leaves the Company s employ to work for a competitive business, in any capacity, it would cause the Company irreparable harm. 
 (b) Covenant Against Disclosure . All Confidential Information relating to the Business is, shall be and shall remain the sole property and confidential business information of the Company, free of any rights of the Executive. The Executive shall not make any use of the Confidential Information except in the performance of his duties hereunder and shall not disclose any Confidential Information to third parties, without the prior written consent of the Company. 
 (c) Return of Company Documents . On the Termination Date or on any prior date upon the Company s written demand, the Executive will return all memoranda, notes, lists, records, property and other tangible product and documents concerning the Business, including all Confidential Information, in his possession, directly or indirectly, that is in written or other 
 8 
 507901308v.2 

tangible form (together with all duplicates thereof) and that he will not retain or furnish any such Confidential Information to any third party, either by sample, facsimile, film, audio or video cassette, electronic data, verbal communication or any other means of communication. 
 (d) Further Covenant . During the Term and through the second anniversary of the Termination Date, the Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, take any of the following actions, and, to the extent the Executive owns, manages, operates, controls, is employed by or participates in the ownership, management, operation or control of, or is connected in any manner with, any business, the Executive will use his best efforts to ensure that such business does not take any of the following actions 
 (i)Persuade or attempt to persuade any customer of the Company to cease doing business with the Company, or to reduce the amount of business any customer does with the Company 
 (ii)Take any action that interferes with the Company s contracts or prospective contracts with its customers or 
 (iii)Persuade or attempt to persuade any employee or independent contractor of the Company to leave the service of the Company, where such individual was an employee or independent contractor of the Company within one year prior to the Executive s Termination Date. 
 (e) Enforcement . The Executive acknowledges and agrees that any breach by him of any of the provisions of this Section 8 (the Restrictive Covenants would result in irreparable injury and damage for which money damages would not provide an adequate remedy. Therefore, if the Executive breaches or threatens to commit a breach of any of the provisions of Section 8, the Company shall have the ability to seek the following rights and remedies, each of which rights and remedies shall be independent of the other and severally enforceable, and all of which rights and remedies shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights and remedies available to the Company under law or in equity (including, without limitation, the recovery of damages) (i) the right and remedy to have the Restrictive Covenants specifically enforced (without posting bond and without the need to prove damages) by any court having equity jurisdiction, including, without limitation, the right to an entry against the Executive of restraining orders and injunctions (preliminary, mandatory, temporary and permanent) against violations, threatened or actual, and whether or not then continuing, of such covenants and (ii) the right and remedy to require the Executive to account for and pay over to the Company all compensation, profits, monies, accruals, increments or other benefits (collectively, Benefits derived or received by him as the result of any transactions constituting a breach of the Restrictive Covenants, and the Executive shall account for and pay over such Benefits to the Company and, if applicable, its affected subsidiaries and or affiliates. The Executive agrees that in any action seeking specific performance or other equitable relief, he will not assert or contend that any of the provisions of this Section 8 are unreasonable or otherwise unenforceable. Other than a material breach of this Agreement, the existence of any claim or cause of action by the Executive, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement of the Restrictive Covenants. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that any claim, action, or suit is brought for the purpose of determining or enforcing the rights of the Company under this Section 8, and the Company is the prevailing party in such claim, action, or suit, the Company shall be entitled to recover from the Executive all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by it, including reasonable attorneys fees. 
 (f) Defend Trade Secrets Act . Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit the Executive from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental 
 9 
 507901308v.2 

agency or entity including but not limited to the Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, and any Inspector General, or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal law or regulation. The Executive does not need the prior authorization of the Company to make any such reports or disclosures and the Executive is not required to notify the Company that the Executive has made such reports or disclosures. Under the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, the Company hereby provides notice and Executive hereby acknowledges that Executive may not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (B) is solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 
 9. Intellectual Property . 
 (a) Works for Hire . All creations, inventions, ideas, designs, software, copyrightable materials, trademarks, and other technology and rights (and any related improvements or modifications), whether or not subject to patent or copyright protection (collectively, Creations ), relating to any activities of the Company which were, are, or will be conceived by the Executive or developed by the Executive in the course of his employment or other services with the Company, whether conceived alone or with others and whether or not conceived or developed during regular business hours, and if based on Confidential Information, after the termination of the Executive s employment, shall be the sole property of the Company and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, shall be deemed works made for hire as that term is used in the United States Copyright Act. The Executive agrees to assign and hereby does assign to the Company all Creations conceived or developed from the start of this employment with the Company through to the Termination Date, and after the Termination Date if the Creation incorporates or is based on any Confidential Information. 
 (b) Assignment . To the extent, if any, that the Executive retains any right, title or interest with respect to any Creations delivered to the Company or related to his employment with the Company, the Executive hereby grants to the Company an irrevocable, paid-up, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide right and license (i) to modify all or any portion of such Creations, including, without limitation, the making of additions to or deletions from such Creations, regardless of the medium (now or hereafter known) into which such Creations may be modified and regardless of the effect of such modifications on the integrity of such Creations and (ii) to identify the Executive, or not to identify his, as one or more authors of or contributors to such Creations or any portion thereof, whether or not such Creations or any portion thereof have been modified. The Executive further waives any moral rights, or other rights with respect to attribution of authorship or integrity of such Creations that he may have under any applicable law, whether under copyright, trademark, unfair competition, defamation, right of privacy, contract, tort or other legal theory. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to California Labor Code Section 2870, the foregoing shall not apply to an invention that Executive developed entirely on his own time without using the Company s equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information except for those inventions that either 
 Relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to the Company s business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the Company or 
 Result from any work performed by the Executive for the Company. 
 10 
 507901308v.2 

(c) Disclosure . The Executive will promptly inform the Company of any Creations he conceives or develops during the Term. The Executive shall (whether during his employment or after the termination of his employment) execute such written instruments and do other such acts as may be necessary in the opinion of the Company or its counsel to secure the Company s rights in the Creations, including obtaining a patent, registering a copyright, or otherwise (and the Executive hereby irrevocably appoints the Company and any of its officers as his attorney in fact to undertake such acts in his name). The Executive s obligation to execute written instruments and otherwise assist the Company in securing its rights in the Creations will continue after the termination of his employment for any reason, the Company shall reimburse the Executive for any out-of-pocket expenses (but not attorneys fees) he incurs in connection with his compliance with this Section 9(c). 
 10. Arbitration . 
 (a) All disputes between Executive (and Executive s attorneys, successors, and assigns) and the Company (and its affiliates, subsidiaries, shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, successors, attorneys, and assigns) relating in any manner to Executive s employment or the termination of Executive s employment, including, without limitation, all disputes arising under this Agreement Arbitrable Claims ), shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration to the fullest extent permitted by law. Arbitrable Claims shall include, but are not limited to, contract (express or implied) and tort claims of all kinds, as well as all claims based on any federal, state, or local law, statute, or regulation, excepting only claims under applicable workers compensation law and unemployment insurance claims. By way of example and not in limitation of the foregoing, Arbitrable Claims shall include any claims arising under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, and the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, the Family Medical Leave Act as well as all claims under any applicable state or federal statute including but not limited to the California Labor Code, and any claims asserting wrongful termination, breach of contract, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, negligent or intentional infliction of emotional distress, harassment, discrimination, negligent or intentional misrepresentation, negligent or intentional interference with contract or prospective economic advantage, fraud, defamation, invasion of privacy, all claims related to disability and all wage or benefit claims, including but not limited to claims for salary, bonuses, profit participation, commissions, stock, stock options, vacation pay, fringe benefits or any form of compensation. Arbitration shall be final and binding upon the Parties and shall be the exclusive remedy for all Arbitrable Claims, except that the Parties may seek interim injunctive relief and other provisional remedies in court as set forth in this Agreement. The Parties hereby waive any rights they may have to trial by jury or any other form of administrative hearing or procedure in regard to the Arbitrable Claims. 
 (b) Claims shall be arbitrated in accordance with the then-existing National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes of the American Arbitration Association AAA Employment Rules ), as augmented by this Agreement. Arbitration shall be initiated as provided by the AAA Employment Rules, although the written notice to the other Party initiating arbitration shall also include a statement of the claims asserted and all the facts upon which the claims are based. Either Party may bring an action in court to compel arbitration under this Agreement and to enforce an arbitration award. Otherwise, neither Party shall initiate or prosecute any lawsuit or administrative action in any way related to any Arbitrable Claim. All arbitration hearings under this Agreement shall be conducted at the AAA office located nearest to San Diego, California. The Federal Arbitration Act shall govern the interpretation and enforcement of this Section. 
 11 
 507901308v.2 

(c) All disputes involving Arbitrable Claims shall be decided by a single arbitrator. The arbitrator shall be selected by mutual agreement of the Parties within 30 days of the effective date of the notice initiating the arbitration. If the Parties cannot agree on an arbitrator, then the complaining Party shall notify the AAA and request selection of an arbitrator in accordance with the AAA Employment Rules. The arbitrator shall have only such authority to award equitable relief, damages, costs, and fees as a court would have for the particular claims asserted and any action of the arbitrator in contravention of this limitation may be the subject of court appeal by the aggrieved Party. No other aspect of any ruling by the arbitrator shall be appealable, and all other aspects of the arbitrator s ruling shall be final and non-appealable. The arbitrator shall have the authority to compel adequate discovery for the resolution of the dispute and to award such relief as would otherwise be permitted by law. The arbitrator shall be required to issue a written arbitration decision including the arbitrator s essential findings, conclusions and a statement of award. The Company shall pay all arbitration fees in excess of what the Executive would have to pay if the dispute were decided in a court of law. The arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to resolve all Arbitrable Claims, including, but not limited to, whether any particular claim is arbitrable and whether all or any part of this Agreement is void or unenforceable. 
 (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in order to provide for interim relief pending the finalization of arbitration proceedings hereunder, nothing in this Section 10 shall prohibit the Parties from pursuing, a claim for interim injunctive relief, for other applicable provisional remedies, and or for related attorneys fees in a court of competent jurisdiction in order to prevent irreparable harm pending the conclusion of the arbitration. 
 (e) If for any reason all or part of this arbitration provision is held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or regulation in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other part of this arbitration provision or any other jurisdiction, but this provision shall be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable part or parts of this arbitration provision had never been contained herein, consistent with the general intent of the Parties, as evidenced herein, insofar as possible. 
 11. Indemnification . This Agreement incorporates, but does not supersede, Executive s Indemnity Agreement with the Company, which survives the execution of this Agreement in all respects. 
 12. Integration . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements between the parties concerning such subject matter. 
 13. Successors . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executive s personal representatives, executors, administrators, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. In the event of the Executive s death after his termination of employment but prior to the completion by the Company of all payments due him under this Agreement, the Company shall continue such payments to the Executive s beneficiary designated in writing to the Company prior to his death (or to his estate, if the Executive fails to make such designation). The Company shall require any successor to the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. 
 14. Enforceability . If any portion or provision of this Agreement (including, without limitation, any portion or provision of any section of this Agreement) shall to any extent be declared illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the remainder of this 
 12 
 507901308v.2 

Agreement, or the application of such portion or provision in circumstances other than those as to which it is so declared illegal or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each portion and provision of this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
 15. Survival . The provisions of this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement and or the termination of the Executive s employment to the extent necessary to effectuate the terms contained herein. 
 16. Waiver . No waiver of any provision hereof shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by the waiving party. The failure of any party to require the performance of any term or obligation of this Agreement, or the waiver by any party of any breach of this Agreement, shall not prevent any subsequent enforcement of such term or obligation or be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach. 
 17. Notices . Any notices, requests, demands and other communications provided for by this Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing and delivered in person or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service or by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to the Executive at the last address the Executive has filed in writing with the Company or, in the case of the Company, at its main offices, attention of the Board. 
 18. Amendment . This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument signed by the Executive and by a duly authorized representative of the Company. 
 19. Governing Law . This is a California contract and shall be construed under and be governed in all respects by the laws of California for contracts to be performed in that State and without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles of California or any other State. In the event of any alleged breach or threatened breach of this Agreement, the Executive hereby consents and submits to jurisdiction in the State of California. 
 20. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be taken to be an original but such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same document. 
 Signature page follows 
 
 13 
 507901308v.2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement effective on the date and year first above written. 
 PriceSmart, Inc. 
 By s Francisco Velasco 
 Name Francisco Velasco 
 Title Executive Vice President General Counsel, Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary 
 s David Price 
 David Price 

14 
 507901308v.2 

</EX-10.37>

<EX-10.38>
 4
 psmt-20230831x10kxexx1038.htm
 EX-10.38

Document 

CONFIDENTIAL SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND 
 GENERAL RELEASE OF ALL CLAIMS 
 
 This Confidential Separation Agreement and General Release of All Claims Agreement is made by and between Frank R. Diaz Employee or you and PriceSmart, Inc. (the Company (collectively referred to as the Parties or individually referred to as a Party ). 
 RECITALS 

A. Employee was employed in an executive capacity by the Company under a series of employment agreements originally executed on or about November 1, 2015 (the Employment Agreement and renewed annually thereafter and supplemented with ancillary awards (collectively, the Employment Agreements 
 B. By notice from the Company given August 4, 2023, and by mutual agreement, Employee s employment with the Company will terminate effective September 3, 2023 (the Termination Date and 
 C. The Parties wish to resolve any and all disputes, claims, complaints, grievances, charges, actions, petitions, and demands that the Employee may have against the Company and any of the Released Parties (as defined below), including, but not limited to, any and all claims arising out of or in any way related to Employee s employment with or separation from the Company, including any claims arising from or related to the Employment Agreements which are, with the execution of this Agreement, fully honored by and superseded by this Agreement in their entirety except as stated further below. 
 In consideration of the mutual promises made herein, the Company and Employee hereby agree as follows 
 1. Duties in Transition and Termination Date . During the period between August 4, 2023 and September 3, 2023 (the Notice Period ), Employee will continue to be paid his normal salary and will continue to enjoy Company health and other welfare benefits. During the Notice Period, Employee will be relieved of his normal day to day responsibilities to enable him to focus on a smooth transition and will make himself available to work with the Company on transition items as requested by the Company from time to time. Employee acknowledges that his computer access may be disabled at some point during the Notice Period. Employee will submit any outstanding expense reimbursement requests during this period and will review and continue to be bound by paragraph 8(c) of his November 1, 2015, Employment Agreement concerning return of Company documents, and the terms of paragraphs 8 and 9 of your Agreement concerning ongoing confidentiality and fiduciary obligations and other restrictive covenants. The obligations set out in paragraphs 8 and 9 of the November 1, 2015, Employment Agreement will survive the end of employment and continue thereafter and are incorporated in this Agreement as though set forth at length herein. 

2. Consideration upon Termination . 
 a. Accrued Obligations . Pursuant to paragraph 5(a) of the Employment Agreement, on or before September 4, 2023, Employee will be paid or provided 
 
 (i) A check for your accrued but unpaid salary through September 3, 2023. 

(ii) A check for any accrued but unused vacation you have on the books as of September 3, 2023, estimated to be 38,981 USD. 
 (iii) A check for any receipted unpaid expense reimbursements. 
 
 b. Supplemental payments . Pursuant to paragraph 5(b) of your Employment Agreement, the Company will pay to you the amounts there described at the times and upon the conditions there set forth. These payments will include 
 
 (i) Payment of any accrued and unpaid bonus earned for the bonus year ending August 31, 2023 (Paragraph 5(b)(i)), not subject to any overachievement award, in the gross amount of 172,000 USD and 
 
 (ii) Subject to your election to do so, provision of continued health care premium direct payment or reimbursement (to be determined) for coverage of you and eligible dependents, as provided by COBRA, for a period of 12 months, as more fully described in paragraph 5 (b) (ii) of your Employment Agreement, and the conditions there stated, which paragraph is incorporated herein by reference (if made for the full period, estimated to be 32,541 USD) and 
 
 (iii) Payment in twenty-four equal semi-monthly payments of your Base Salary of 430,000 USD, divided by twenty-four, as provided by paragraphs 5(b)(iii) and paragraph 6 of your Employment Agreement. 
 
 All payments other than those related to expense reimbursements may be subject to mandated federal and state payroll deductions, as required by law. The obligation to make these payments is contingent upon your continued honoring of your obligations under paragraphs 8 and 9 of the Agreement, and your execution and non-revocation of this Agreement , as provided in paragraph 6 of your Employment Agreement. Payments will be made at or before the times specified in said paragraph 6 of your Employment Agreement. 
 
 c. Equity amounts . The Company and Employee further agree that Employee has accumulated the following equity balances that will vest on August 31, 2023 in accordance with the current grant agreements 
 
 (i) 2,544 units of RSA s 
 
 The following shares will remain unvested and will be forfeited as part of this agreement 
 (i) Unvested RSA s as of August 31, 2023 of 2,795 units 
 (ii) Unvested PSU s as of August 31, 2023 (including overachievement) of 3,178 units 
 Total forfeited shares 5,973 units 

Employee will not vest further shares after August 31, 2023 and will forfeit all unvested shares as of August 31, 2023. The terms and conditions regarding exercise of rights pertaining the shares shall be governed by the Equity Incentive Award Plan as modified from time to time. 
 
 3. Payment of Salary and Receipt of All Benefits . Employee agrees that with the payment of expenses, salary and vacation up until the Termination Date he has been paid (i) the full amount of earned but unused vacation pay or vacation to which he is entitled, and that he is 

not owed any amounts as reimbursement for expenses incurred during the course of his employment and (ii) all other compensation due to him, including but not limited to all salary, bonuses, deferred compensation, incentives and all other compensation of any nature whatsoever. 
 
 4. General Release . As a material inducement for the Company to enter into this Agreement and in consideration of the payments to be made by the Company to Employee, in accordance with Section 2 above and other promises and covenants contained herein, Employee, on behalf of himself, his representatives, agents, estate, heirs, successors and assigns, and with full understanding of the contents and legal effect of this Agreement and having the right and opportunity to consult with his counsel, releases and discharges the Company, its stockholders, officers, directors, supervisors, members, managers, employees, agents, representatives, attorneys, insurers, divisions, subsidiaries, affiliates, and all employee benefit plans sponsored by or contributed to by the Company (including any fiduciaries thereof), and all related entities of any kind or nature, and its and their predecessors, successors, heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns (collectively, the Released Parties from any and all claims, actions, causes of action, grievances, suits, charges, or complaints of any kind or nature whatsoever, that he ever had or now has, whether fixed or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, and whether arising in tort, contract (specifically including his Employment Agreements and any Incentive Bonus or Equity agreements), statute, or equity, before any federal, state, local, or private court, agency, arbitrator, mediator, or other entity, regardless of the relief or remedy. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it being the intention of the parties to make this Agreement as broad and as general as the law permits, this Agreement specifically includes, but is not limited to, and is intended to explicitly release, any and all subject matter and claims arising from or in connection with any alleged violation by any of the Released Parties under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (the ADEA ), as amended the Fair Labor Standards Act Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended the Civil Rights Act of 1866, as amended by the Civil Rights Act of 1991 (42 U.S.C. 1981) the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (whether such subject matter or claims are brought on an individual basis, a class representative basis, or otherwise on behalf of an employee benefit plan or trust) the Americans with Disabilities Act the Family and Medical Leave Act the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008 the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act the Equal Pay Act Executive Order 11246 Executive Order 11141 California Fair Employment and Housing Act (FEHA) California Whistleblower Protection Act (CWA), the California Labor Code, claims related to California Business and Professions Code section 17200 or any common law unfair competition law, the California Family Rights Act, the California Labor Code Private Attorneys General Act of 2004 (PAGA) the Employment Agreements and any other statutory claim, tort claim, employment or other contract or implied contract claim, or common law claim for wrongful discharge, breach of an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, defamation, invasion of privacy, or any other claim, arising out of or in connection with or involving his employment with the Company, the termination of his employment with the Company, or involving any other matter, including but not limited to the continuing effects of his employment with the Company or termination of employment with the Company. This release of all claims also includes a release of any claim or right to further wages, compensation, stock options, equity grants, benefits, damages, penalties, attorneys fees, costs, or expenses of any kind from the Company or any of the other Released Parties to the maximum extent permitted by law. 

This release is not applicable to workers compensation claims, unemployment insurance claims, or any rights Employee may have in any Company 401(k) or similar retirement plan, or claims arising after the Effective Date of this Separation Agreement not otherwise released herein. 
 
 5. Covenant Not to Sue . The Employee, for himself, his heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns agrees not to bring, file, claim, sue or cause, assist, or permit to be brought, filed, or claimed any action, cause of action or proceeding regarding or in any way related to any of the claims described in Section 4 , and further agrees that this Agreement is, will constitute and may be pleaded as, a bar to any such claim, action, cause of action or proceeding. If the Employee files a charge or participates in an investigative proceeding of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the California Civil Rights Department, or another governmental agency, or is otherwise made a party to any proceedings described in Section 4 , the Employee will not seek and will not accept any personal equitable or monetary relief in connection with such charge or investigative or other proceeding provided, however, that this Agreement does not limit the Employee s right to receive an award for information provided to any governmental agencies under any whistleblower program. The Employee further understands that this Agreement does not limit his ability to communicate with any governmental agencies or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any governmental agencies, including providing documents or other information, without notice to the Company. 
 
 6. No Disparaging, Untrue or Misleading Statements . The Employee represents that he has not made, and agrees that he will not make, to any third party any disparaging, untrue, or misleading written or oral statements about or relating to the Released Parties or their products or services (or about or relating to any officer, director, agent, employee, or other person acting on the Released Parties behalf). Neither this provision nor anything else in this Agreement bars the Employee from communicating with, directly or indirectly, or sharing truthful information with any governmental agency. In addition, nothing in this Agreement is intended to suppress or limit Employee s right to testify in any administrative, legislative or judicial forum about alleged criminal conduct or sexual harassment, or to prevent the disclosure of factual information related to claims filed in a civil or administrative action regarding sexual assault, sexual harassment or other forms of sex-based workplace harassment, discrimination or retaliation, to the extent such communications are expressly protected by law. The Company s directors, officers or the Released Parties represent that they have not made, and agree that they will not make, to any third party any disparaging, untrue, or misleading written or oral statements about or relating to the Employee. Neither this provision nor anything else in this Agreement bars the Company s directors and officers from communicating with, directly or indirectly, or sharing truthful information with any governmental agency. If PriceSmart, Inc. is contacted by any prospective employer regarding Frank Diaz, PriceSmart, Inc. agrees to only provide or confirm Mr. Diaz s dates of service and position(s) held. 
 
 7. Acknowledgment of Waiver of Claims under ADEA . Employee acknowledges that he is waiving and releasing any rights he may have under the ADEA, and that this waiver and release is knowing and voluntary. Employee agrees that this waiver and release does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise under the ADEA after the Effective Date of this Agreement. Employee acknowledges that the consideration given for this waiver and release is in addition to anything of value to which Employee was already entitled. Employee further acknowledges that he has been advised by this writing that (a) he should consult with an 

attorney prior to executing this Agreement (b) he has twenty-one (21) days within which to consider this Agreement (c) he has seven (7) days following his execution of this Agreement to revoke this Agreement (d) this Agreement shall not be effective until the day after the revocation period has expired (the Effective Date and (e) nothing in this Agreement prevents or precludes Employee from challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of this waiver under the ADEA, nor does it impose any condition precedent, penalties, or costs for doing so, unless specifically authorized by federal law. In the event Employee signs this Agreement and returns it to the Company in less than the 21-day period identified above, Employee hereby acknowledges that he has freely and voluntarily chosen to waive the time period allotted for considering this Agreement. Employee acknowledges and understands that revocation must be accomplished by a written notification to the person executing this Agreement on the Company s behalf that is received prior to the Effective Date. The parties agree that changes, whether material or immaterial, do not restart the running of the 21-day period. 
 
 8. Release of Unknown and Known Claims . 
 Employee expressly acknowledges and agrees that all rights under Section 1542 of the California Civil Code are expressly waived. That section provides 
 A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY. 
 Employee acknowledges that he has been advised to consult with legal counsel and has been advised concerning any laws with respect to unknown claims, and being so advised agrees that this Release shall extend to all claims, known or unknown, so that the Parties may effectuate a complete release. 
 
 9. No Pending Claims . Employee represents that he has no lawsuits, claims, or actions pending in his name, or on behalf of any other person or entity, against the Company or any of the other Released Parties. Employee further represents that he has not suffered any workplace injury and there are no facts or circumstances that could support a claim by him for worker s compensation benefits. 
 
 10. Confidentiality . Employee agrees to maintain in complete confidence the existence of this Agreement, the contents and terms of this Agreement, and the consideration for this Agreement (hereinafter collectively referred to as Separation Information ). Except as required by law or permitted under this Agreement, Employee may disclose Separation Information only to his immediate family members, the court in any proceedings to enforce the terms of this Agreement, Employee s attorney(s), and Employee s accountant and any professional tax advisor to the extent that they need to know the Separation Information in order to provide advice on tax treatment or to prepare tax returns, and must prevent disclosure of any Separation Information to all other third parties. Employee agrees that he will not publicize, directly or indirectly, any Separation Information. Employee also agrees he has read paragraph 8 of his Employment Agreement and understands and agrees that his obligations thereunder will continue after the cessation of his employment with the Company. Employee also certifies, by signing this Agreement, under penalty of perjury, that he has returned and not made copies of all Company Documents developed or obtained by Employee during his employment with the 

Company, or otherwise belonging to the Company, and that he will continue to abide by his obligations under paragraph 8 (c) and 9 of his Employment Agreement. 
 
 11. Trade Secrets and Confidential Information Company Property . Employee reaffirms and agrees to observe and abide by the terms of the Company s Policy(ies) With Respect to Handling of Confidential Information, specifically including the provisions therein regarding nondisclosure of the Company s trade secrets and confidential and proprietary information, and those obligations set forth in paragraph 9 of his Employment Agreement. 
 
 12. No Cooperation . Except as provided in Section 5 , Employee agrees that he will not knowingly encourage, counsel, or assist any attorneys or their clients in the presentation or prosecution of any disputes, differences, grievances, claims, charges, or complaints by any third party against any of the Released Parties, unless under a subpoena or other court order to do so or as related directly to the ADEA waiver in this Agreement. Employee agrees both to immediately notify the Company upon receipt of any such subpoena or court order, and to furnish, within three (3) business days of its receipt, a copy of such subpoena or other court order. 
 
 13. Breach . In addition to the rights provided in the Attorneys Fees section below, Employee acknowledges and agrees that any material breach of this Agreement, unless such breach constitutes a legal action by Employee challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of the waiver herein under the ADEA shall entitle the Company immediately to recover and or cease providing the consideration provided to Employee under this Agreement, except as provided by law, as liquidated damages for his breach. Employee agrees that this sum represents fair and reasonable liquidated damages since the amount of actual damages to the Company in the event of such breach is uncertain. 
 
 14. No Admission of Liability . Employee understands and acknowledges that this Agreement constitutes a compromise and settlement of any and all actual or potential disputed claims by Employee. No action taken by the Company hereto, either previously or in connection with this Agreement, shall be deemed or construed to be (a) an admission of the truth or falsity of any actual or potential claims or (b) an acknowledgment or admission by the Company of any fault or liability whatsoever to Employee or to any third party. 
 
 15. Costs and Fees . The Parties shall each bear their own costs, attorneys fees, and other fees incurred in connection with the negotiation and preparation of this Agreement. 
 
 16. Arbitration . 
 i. All disputes between Employee (and Employee s attorneys, successors, and assigns) and the Company (and its affiliates, subsidiaries, shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, successors, attorneys, and assigns) relating in any manner to Employee s employment or the termination of Employee s employment, including, without limitation, all disputes arising under this Agreement Arbitrable Claims ), shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration to the fullest extent permitted by law. Arbitrable Claims shall include, but are not limited to, contract (express or implied) and tort claims of all kinds, as well as all claims based on any federal, state, or local law, statute, or regulation, excepting only claims under applicable workers compensation law and unemployment insurance claims. Arbitration shall be final and binding upon the 

Parties and shall be the exclusive remedy for all Arbitrable Claims, except that the Parties may seek interim injunctive relief and other provisional remedies in court as set forth in this Agreement. The Parties hereby waive any rights they may have to trial by jury or any other form of administrative hearing or procedure in regard to the Arbitrable Claims. 
 
 ii. Claims shall be arbitrated in accordance with the then-existing National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes of the American Arbitration Association AAA Employment Rules ), as augmented by this Agreement. Arbitration shall be initiated as provided by the AAA Employment Rules, although the written notice to the other Party initiating arbitration shall also include a statement of the claims asserted and all the facts upon which the claims are based. Either Party may bring an action in court to compel arbitration under this Agreement and to enforce an arbitration award. Otherwise, neither Party shall initiate or prosecute any lawsuit or administrative action in any way related to any Arbitrable Claim. All arbitration hearings under this Agreement shall be conducted at the AAA office located nearest to San Diego, California. The Federal Arbitration Act shall govern the interpretation and enforcement of this Section. 
 
 iii. All disputes involving Arbitrable Claims shall be decided by a single arbitrator. The arbitrator shall be selected by mutual agreement of the Parties within thirty (30) days of the effective date of the notice initiating the arbitration. If the Parties cannot agree on an arbitrator, then the complaining Party shall notify the AAA and request selection of an arbitrator in accordance with the AAA Employment Rules. The arbitrator shall have only such authority to award equitable relief, damages, costs, and fees as a court would have for the particular claims asserted and any action of the arbitrator in contravention of this limitation may be the subject of court appeal by the aggrieved Party. No other aspect of any ruling by the arbitrator shall be appealable, and all other aspects of the arbitrator s ruling shall be final and non-appealable. The arbitrator shall have the authority to compel adequate discovery for the resolution of the dispute and to award such relief as would otherwise be permitted by law. The arbitrator shall be required to issue a written arbitration decision, including the arbitrator s essential findings, conclusions and a statement of award. The Company shall pay all arbitration fees in excess of what the Employee would have to pay if the dispute were decided in a court of law. The arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to resolve all Arbitrable Claims, including, but not limited to, whether any particular claim is arbitrable and whether all or any part of this Agreement is void or unenforceable. 
 
 iv. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in order to provide for interim relief pending the finalization of arbitration proceedings hereunder, nothing in this Section 16 shall prohibit the Parties from pursuing a claim for interim injunctive relief, for other applicable provisional remedies, and or for related attorneys fees in a court of competent jurisdiction in order to prevent irreparable harm pending the conclusion of the arbitration. In the event of any alleged breach or threatened breach of this Agreement, the Employee hereby consents and submits to jurisdiction in the State of California. 

v. If for any reason all or part of this arbitration provision is held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or regulation in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other part of this arbitration provision or any other jurisdiction, but this provision shall be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable part or parts of this arbitration provision had never been contained herein, consistent with the general intent of the Parties, as evidenced herein, insofar as possible. 
 
 17. Cooperation . Employee agrees that he shall, without any additional compensation, respond to reasonable requests for information from the Company regarding matters that may arise in the Company s business. Employee agrees that he will respond to any such requests from the Company promptly. Employee further agrees to fully and completely cooperate with the Company, its advisors and its legal counsel with respect to any litigation or claims that are pending against the Company and any claim or action that may be filed against the Company in the future. Such cooperation shall include making himself available at reasonable times and places for interviews, reviewing documents, testifying in a deposition or a legal or administrative proceeding, and providing advice to the Company in preparing defenses to any pending or potential future claims against the Company. The Company agrees to pay reimburse Employee for any approved travel expenses incurred as a result of his cooperation with the Company. 
 
 18. Tax Consequences . The Company makes no representations or warranties with respect to the tax consequences of the payments and any other consideration provided to Employee or made on his behalf under the terms of this Agreement. Employee agrees and understands that he is responsible for payment, if any, of local, state, and or federal taxes on the payments and any other consideration provided hereunder by the Company and any penalties or assessments thereon. Employee further agrees to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any claims, demands, deficiencies, penalties, interest, assessments, executions, judgments, or recoveries by any government agency against the Company for any amounts claimed due on account of (a) Employee s failure to pay or delayed payment of federal or state taxes, or (b) damages sustained by the Company by reason of any such claims, including attorneys fees and costs. 
 
 19. Section 409A. It is intended that this Agreement comply with, or be exempt from, Code Section 409A and the final regulations and official guidance thereunder Section 409A and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so comply and or be exempt from Section 409A. Each payment and benefit to be paid or provided under this Agreement is intended to constitute a series of separate payments for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations. In no event will the Company reimburse Employee for any taxes that may be imposed on Employee as a result of Section 409A. 
 
 20. Authority . The Company represents and warrants that the undersigned has the authority to act on behalf of the Company and to bind the Company and all who may claim through it to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Employee represents and warrants that he has the capacity to act on his own behalf and on behalf of all who might claim through him to bind them to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Each Party warrants and represents that there are no liens or claims of lien or assignments in law or equity or otherwise of or against any of the claims or causes of action released herein. 

21. No Representations . Employee represents that he has had an opportunity to consult with an attorney, and has carefully read and understands the scope and effect of the provisions of this Agreement. Employee has not relied upon any representations or statements made by the Company that are not specifically set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 22. Severability . In the event that any provision or any portion of any provision hereof or any surviving agreement made a part hereof becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator to be illegal, unenforceable, or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision or portion of provision. 
 
 23. Attorneys Fees . Except with regard to a legal action challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of the waiver herein under the ADEA, in the event that either Party brings an action to enforce or effect its rights under this Agreement, the prevailing Party shall be entitled to recover its costs and expenses, including the costs of mediation, arbitration, litigation, court fees, and reasonable attorneys fees incurred in connection with such an action. 
 
 24. Entire Agreement . This Agreement represents the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and Employee concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and Employee s employment with and separation from the Company and the events leading thereto and associated therewith, and supersedes and replaces any and all prior agreements and understandings concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and Employee s relationship with the Company 
 
 25. No Oral Modification . This Agreement may only be amended in a writing signed by Employee and the Company s Chief Employee Officer. 
 
 26. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard for choice-of-law provisions. Employee consents to personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the State of California. 
 
 27. Effective Date . Employee understands that this Agreement shall be null and void if not executed by him within twenty-one (21) days of its tender to him. Employee has seven (7) days after he signs this Agreement to revoke it. This Agreement will become effective (the Effective Date on the eighth (8th) day after Employee signed this Agreement, so long as it has been signed by the Parties and has not been revoked by Employee before that date. Employee waives the right to sixty (60) days notice provided by section 6 of his Employment Agreement. 
 
 28. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and by facsimile, and each counterpart and facsimile shall have the same force and effect as an original and shall constitute an effective, binding agreement on the part of each of the undersigned. 

29. Voluntary Execution of Agreement . Employee understands and agrees that he executed this Agreement voluntarily, without any duress or undue influence on the part or behalf of the Company or any third party, with the full intent of releasing all of his claims against the Company and any of the other Releasees. Employee acknowledges that (a) he has read this Agreement (b) he has been represented in the preparation, negotiation, and execution of this Agreement by legal counsel of his own choice or has elected not to retain legal counsel (c) he understands the terms and consequences of this Agreement and of the releases it contains and (d) he is fully aware of the legal and binding effect of this Agreement. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement on the respective dates set forth below. 
 FRANK R. DIAZ, an individual 
 Dated August 30, 2023 s Frank R. Diaz 
 Frank R. Diaz 

PRICESMART, INC. 
 Dated August 30, 2023 s Francisco Velasco 
 Name Francisco Velasco 
 Title EVP 

</EX-10.38>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 exhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF PRICESMART, INC. 
 
 The following table sets forth a list of the Company s subsidiaries as of August 31, 2023 
 
 Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation and Organization Ownership PriceSmart Panama, S.A. Panama 100 
 GolfPark Plaza, S.A. Panama 50 
 PriceSmart (Guatemala), S.A. Guatemala 100 
 PSMT Caribe, Inc. British Virgin Islands 100 
 PriceSmart El Salvador, S.A. de C.V. El Salvador 100 
 Prismar de Costa Rica, S.A. Costa Rica 100 
 Plaza Price Alajuela PPA, S.A. Costa Rica 50 
 PriceSmart Honduras, S.A. de C.V. Honduras 100 
 PriceSmart Dominicana, S.R.L. Dominican Republic 100 
 PriceSmart Exempt SRL Barbados 100 
 PSMT Trinidad Tobago Limited Trinidad & Tobago St. Lucia 100 
 PriceSmart Realty (TT) Limited Trinidad & Tobago 100 
 PriceSmart Clubs (TT) Limited Trinidad & Tobago 100 
 PSMT, LLC U.S. Virgin Islands 100 
 PriceSmart Holdings, Inc. St. Lucia 100 
 PSMT (Barbados), Inc. Barbados 100 
 Island Foods and Distributors, N.V. Aruba 100 
 PriceSmart Jamaica (SL), Inc. Trinidad & Tobago 100 
 PriceSmart (Jamaica) Limited Jamaica 100 
 PriceSmart Realty (Jamaica) Limited Jamaica 100 
 PS Exportadora Latinoamericana, S.A. de CV. Mexico 100 
 PSMT Nicaragua (BVI), Inc British Virgin Islands 100 
 PSMT Nicaragua, S.A. Nicaragua 100 
 Inmobiliaria PSMT Nicaragua, S.A. Nicaragua 100 
 PriceSmart Colombia SAS Colombia 100 
 PSCR Exportadora, S.A. Costa Rica 100 
 PriceSmart Latinoamerica SL Spain 100 
 AP Marketplace IP, LLC Delaware 100 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 exhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-38345, 333-61067, 333-82220, 333-102947, 333-132173, 333-158615, 333-187722 and 333-274216) of PriceSmart, Inc., and 
 
 (2) Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-42374, 333-67106, 333-83412, 333-86552, 333-96811, 333-100757 and 333-140290) of PriceSmart, Inc. 
 
 of our reports dated October 30, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of PriceSmart, Inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of PriceSmart, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of PriceSmart, Inc. for the year ended August 31, 2023. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 San Diego, California 
 
 October 30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 psmt-20230831x10kxexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification 
 I, Robert E. Price, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PriceSmart, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date 
 October 30, 2023 s ROBERT E. PRICE 
 Robert E. Price 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 psmt-20230831x10kxexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification 
 I, Michael L. McCleary, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PriceSmart, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 30, 2023 s MICHAEL L. MCCLEARY Michael L. McCleary Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 psmt-20230831x10kxexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of PriceSmart, Inc. (the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 (i) the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended August 31, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated October 30, 2023 s ROBERT E. PRICE Robert E. Price Interim Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 psmt-20230831x10kxexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of PriceSmart, Inc. (the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 (i) the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended August 31, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated October 30, 2023 s MICHAEL L. MCCLEARY Michael L. McCleary Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 11
 rebpricesmartclawbackpolic.htm
 EX-97.1

Document 

COMPENSATION RECOUPMENT (CLAWBACK) POLICY 
 
 I. Introduction 
 The Compensation and Human Capital Committee (the Committee of the Board of Directors of PriceSmart, Inc. (the Company believes that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to create and maintain a culture that emphasizes integrity and accountability. The Committee has therefore adopted this policy which provides for the recoupment of certain executive compensation in the event of an accounting restatement resulting from material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements under the federal securities laws (the Policy ). This Policy is designed to comply with Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), final rules and amendments adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC to implement the aforementioned legislation, and the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq ). 
 II. Administration 
 This Policy shall be administered by the Committee. Any determinations made by the Committee shall be final and binding on all affected individuals. 
 III. Covered Executives 
 This Policy applies to the Company s current and former executive officers, as determined by the Committee in accordance with the requirements of Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or standards adopted by the SEC and Nasdaq, and such other employees who may from time to time be deemed subject to the Policy by the Committee Covered Executives ). 
 IV. Incentive-Based Compensation 
 For purposes of this Policy, incentive-based compensation Incentive-Based Compensation includes any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of any financial reporting measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements and any measures derived wholly or in part from such measures GAAP Measures ), as well as non-GAAP Measures, stock price, and total stockholder return (collectively, Financial Reporting Measures however, it does not include (i) base salaries (ii) discretionary cash bonuses (iii) awards (either cash or equity) that are solely based upon subjective, strategic or operational standards or standards unrelated to Financial Reporting Measures, and (iv) equity awards that vest solely on completion of a specified employment period or without any performance condition. Incentive-Based Compensation is considered received in the fiscal period during which the applicable reporting measure is attained, even if the payment or grant of such award occurs after the end of that period. If an award is subject to both time-based and performance-based vesting conditions, the award is considered received upon satisfaction of the performance-based conditions, even if such an award continues to be subject to the time-based vesting conditions. 
 For the purposes of this Policy, Incentive-Based Compensation may include, among other things, any of the following 
 Annual bonuses and other short- and long-term cash incentives 
 
 509949362v.2 

Restricted stock or restricted stock units 
 Performance stock units 
 
 For purposes of this Policy, Financial Reporting Measures may include, among other things, any of the following 
 Company stock price 
 Total stockholder return 
 Revenues 
 Net income 
 Opening income 
 Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA) 
 Earnings per share 
 
 V. Recoupment Accounting Restatement 
 In the event the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement of its financial statements due to the Company s material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under U.S. securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that (i) is material to the previously issued financial statements or (ii) is not material to previously issued financial statements, but that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period, the Committee will require reimbursement or forfeiture of any excess Incentive-Based Compensation received by any Covered Executive during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date on which the Company is required to prepare the accounting restatement (the Look-Back Period ). For the purposes of this Policy, the date on which the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement is the earlier of (i) the date the Committee concludes or reasonably should have concluded that the Company is required to prepare a restatement to correct a material error, and (ii) the date a court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to restate its previously issued financial statements to correct a material error. The Company s obligation to recover erroneously awarded compensation is not dependent on if or when the restated financial statements are filed. 
 Recovery of the Incentive-Based Compensation is only required when the excess award is received by a Covered Executive (i) after the beginning of their service as a Covered Executive, (ii) who served as a Covered Executive at any time during the performance period for that Incentive-Based Compensation, (iii) while the Company has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national securities association, and (iv) during the Look-Back Period immediately preceding the date on which the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement. 
 VI. Excess Incentive Compensation Amount Subject to Recovery 
 The amount of Incentive-Based Compensation subject to recovery is the amount the Covered Executive received in excess of the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation that would have been paid to the Covered Executive had it been based on the restated financial statements, as determined by the Committee. The amount subject to recovery will be calculated on a pre-tax basis. 
 For Incentive-Based Compensation received as cash awards, the erroneously awarded compensation is the difference between the amount of the cash award that was received (whether payable in a lump sum or over time) and the amount that should have been received applying the restated Financial Reporting Measure. 
 For Incentive-Based Compensation received as equity awards that are still held at the time of recovery, the amount subject to recovery is the number of shares or other equity awards received or vested in excess of the number that should have been received or vested applying the 
 2 
 509949362v.2 

restated Financial Reporting Measure. If the equity award has been exercised, but the underlying shares have not been sold, the erroneously awarded compensation is the number of shares underlying the award. 
 In instances where the Company is not able to determine the amount of erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation directly from the information in the accounting restatement, the amount will be based on the Company s reasonable estimate of the effect of the accounting restatement on the applicable measure. In such instances, the Company will maintain documentation of the determination of that reasonable estimate and, if required, provide such documentation to any national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. 
 VII. Method of Recoupment 
 The Committee will determine, in its sole discretion, subject to applicable law, the method for recouping Incentive-Based Compensation hereunder, which may include, without limitation 
 requiring reimbursement of cash Incentive-Based Compensation previously paid 
 seeking recovery of any gain realized on the vesting, exercise, settlement, sale, transfer, or other disposition of any equity-based awards 
 offsetting the recouped amount from any compensation otherwise owed by the Company to the Covered Executive 
 cancelling outstanding vested or unvested equity awards and or 
 taking any other remedial and recovery action permitted by law, as determined by the Committee. 
 VIII. No Indemnification Successors 
 The Company shall not indemnify any Covered Executives against the loss of any incorrectly awarded Incentive-Based Compensation. This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. 
 IX. Exception to Enforcement 
 The Committee shall recover any excess Incentive-Based Compensation in accordance with this Policy unless such recovery would be impracticable, as determined by the Committee in accordance with Rule 10D-1 of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or standards adopted by the SEC and the listing standards of any national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. 
 X. Interpretation 
 The Committee is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate, or advisable for the administration of this Policy. It is intended that this Policy be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or standards adopted by the SEC and any national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. 
 XI. Effective Date 
 This Policy shall be effective as of the date it is adopted by the Committee (the Effective Date and shall apply to Incentive-Based Compensation that is received by a Covered Executive on or after that date, as determined by the Committee in accordance with applicable rules or standards adopted by the SEC and the listing standards of any national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. 
 XII. Amendment Termination 
 3 
 509949362v.2 

The Committee may amend this Policy from time to time in its discretion and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary to comply with any rules or standards adopted by the SEC and the listing standards of any national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. The Committee may terminate this Policy at any time. 
 XIII. Other Recoupment Rights 
 Any right of recoupment under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recoupment that may be available to the Company pursuant to the terms of any similar policy or any employment agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement and any other legal remedies available to the Company. 
 4 
 509949362v.2 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 psmt-20230831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 psmt-20230831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 psmt-20230831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 psmt-20230831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 psmt-20230831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

