<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231206_10-K_edgar_data_1002590_0000950170-23-068567.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18141760</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>341327</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2251987</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7303119</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2771793</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4846731</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-068567.hdr.sgml : 20231206
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231206161540
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-068567
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		117
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231206
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STAR GROUP, L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001002590
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-RETAIL STORES, NEC [5990]
		IRS NUMBER:				061437793
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14129
		FILM NUMBER:		231469778

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9 WEST BROAD STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 310
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06902
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2033287300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9 WEST BROAD STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 310
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06902

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STAR GROUP LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171025

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STAR GAS PARTNERS LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19951025

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-068567.txt : 20231206

10-K
 1
 sgu-20230930.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 	 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 	 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive office) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Common Unit Purchase Rights 
 
 N/A 
 
 New York Stock Exchange 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common units held by non-affiliates on March 31, 2023 was approximately 
 As of November 30, 2023, the registrant had common units outstanding. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference: None 
 
 1 
 
 STAR GROUP, L.P. 
 2023 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 3 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 13 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 24 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 24 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings Litigation 
 
 24 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 24 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for the Registrant s Units and Related Matters 
 
 25 

Item 6. 
 
 (Reserved) 
 
 26 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 27 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 41 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 41 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 41 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 41 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 42 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 42 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 43 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 48 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 
 59 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 
 60 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 62 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 63 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 63 

2 
 
 PART I 
 Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Disclosure 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report includes forward-looking statements which represent our expectations or beliefs concerning future events that involve risks and uncertainties, including the impact of geopolitical events on wholesale product cost volatility, the price and supply of the products that we sell, our ability to purchase sufficient quantities of product to meet our customer s needs, rapid increases in levels of inflation, the consumption patterns of our customers, our ability to obtain satisfactory gross profit margins, the effect of weather conditions on our financial performance, our ability to obtain new customers and retain existing customers, our ability to make strategic acquisitions, the impact of litigation, natural gas conversions and electrification of heating systems, pandemic and future global health pandemics, recessionary economic conditions, future union relations and the outcome of current and future union negotiations, the impact of current and future governmental regulations, including climate change, environmental, health, and safety regulations, the ability to attract and retain employees, customer credit worthiness, counterparty credit worthiness, marketing plans, cyber-attacks, global supply chain issues, labor shortages and new technology, including alternative methods for heating and cooling residences. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this Report including, without limitation, the statements under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere herein, are forward-looking statements. Without limiting the foregoing, the words believe, anticipate, plan, expect, seek, estimate, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Actual results may differ materially from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those set forth in this Report under the headings Risk Factors, Business Strategy and Management s Discussion and Analysis. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations Cautionary Statements are disclosed in this Report. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the Cautionary Statements. Unless otherwise required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise after the date of this Report. 
 ITEM 1. B USINESS 
 Structure 
 Star Group, L.P. Star the Company, we, us, or our is a home heating oil and propane distributor and services provider with one reportable operating segment that principally provides heating related services to residential and commercial customers. Our unitholders voted in favor of proposals to have the Company elect to be treated as a corporation, instead of a partnership, for federal income tax purposes (commonly referred to as a check-the-box election ), along with amendments to our partnership agreement to effect such changes in income tax classification, in each case effective November 1, 2017. In addition, the Company changed its name, effective October 25, 2017, from Star Gas Partners, L.P. to Star Group, L.P. to more closely align our name with the scope of our product and service offerings. Unitholders will receive a Form 1099-DIV and will not receive a Schedule K-1 as in tax years prior to December 31, 2017. Our legal structure has remained a Delaware limited partnership and the distribution provisions under our limited partnership agreement, including the incentive distribution structure has remained unchanged. As of November 30, 2023, we had outstanding 35.6 million common partner units (NYSE: SGU representing a 99.1 limited partner interest in Star, and 0.3 million general partner units, representing a 0.9 general partner interest in Star. 
 3 
 
 The following chart depicts the ownership of Star as of November 30, 2023: 

Star Group, L.P. 

Limited Partners Common Units 99.1 

General Partner (Kestrel Heat) General Partner Units 0.9 

Public Unitholders - Common Units 

88.5 

Officers and Directors - Common Units 

11.5 

Star is organized as follows: 
 Our general partner is Kestrel Heat, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Kestrel Heat or the general partner ). The Board of Directors of Kestrel Heat (the Board is appointed by its sole member, Kestrel Energy Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Kestrel ). 

Our operations are conducted through Petro Holdings, Inc., a Minnesota corporation that is a wholly owned subsidiary of Star Acquisitions, Inc., and its subsidiaries. 

Petroleum Heat and Power Co., Inc. PH P is an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Star. PH P is the borrower and Star is the guarantor of the sixth amended and restated credit agreement s 165 million five-year senior secured term loan and the 400 million 550 million during the heating season of December through April of each year) revolving credit facility, both due July 6, 2027. (See Note 13 Long-Term Debt and Bank Facility Borrowings). 

We file annual, quarterly, current and other reports and information with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. These filings can be viewed and downloaded from the Internet at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. In addition, these SEC filings are available at no cost as soon as reasonably practicable after the filing thereof on our website at www.stargrouplp.com/sec.cfm. You may also obtain copies of these filings and other information at the offices of the New York Stock Exchange located at 11 Wall Street, New York, New York 10005. Please note that any Internet addresses provided in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are for informational purposes only and are not intended to be hyperlinks. Accordingly, no information found and/or provided at such Internet addresses is intended or deemed to be incorporated by reference herein. 
 Legal Structure 
 The following chart summarizes our structure as of September 30, 2023. 

Star Group, L.P. 

Star Acquisitions, Inc. 

Woodbury Insurance Co., Inc. 

Petro Holdings, Inc. 

Petroleum Heat and Power Co., Inc. 
 
 Meenan Oil LLC 

Champion Energy LLC 
 
 Griffith Energy Services, Inc. 

Denotes borrower in the asset based lending facility and the term loan, which are guaranteed by Star Group, L.P. and the other entities listed above, excluding Woodbury Insurance Co., Inc. 

Although Star Group, L.P. is a partnership for state law purposes, it has elected to be treated as a corporation, rather than a partnership, for federal income tax purposes (commonly referred to as a check-the-box election ). 

4 
 
 Business Overview 
 We are a home heating oil and propane distributor and service provider to residential and commercial customers who heat their homes and buildings primarily in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic U.S. regions. As of September 30, 2023, we sold home heating oil and propane to approximately 402,200 full service residential and commercial customers and 52,400 customers on a delivery only basis. Approximately 252,700 of these customers, or 56 , are located in the New York, New Jersey, and Connecticut. We believe we are the largest retail distributor of home heating oil in the United States, based upon sales volume with a market share in excess of 5.5 . We also sell gasoline and diesel fuel to approximately 26,600 customers. We install, maintain, and repair heating and air conditioning equipment and to a lesser extent provide these services outside of our heating oil and propane customer base including 20,800 service contracts for natural gas and other heating systems. During fiscal 2023, total sales were comprised of approximately 62 from home heating oil and propane, 23 from other petroleum products, the majority of which is diesel and gasoline, and 15 from the installation and repair of heating and air conditioning equipment and ancillary services. We provide home heating equipment repair service and natural gas service 24-hours-a-day, 7-days-a-week, 52 weeks a year. These services are an integral part of our business, and are intended to increase customer satisfaction and loyalty. 
 We conduct our business through an operating subsidiary, Petro Holdings, Inc., utilizing multiple local brand names, such as Petro Home Services, Meenan, and Griffith Energy Services, Inc. 
 We also offer several pricing alternatives to our residential home heating oil customers, including a variable price (market based) option and a price-protected option, the latter of which either sets the maximum price or a fixed price that a customer will pay. Users choose the plan they feel best suits them which we believe increases customer satisfaction. Approximately 94 of our full service residential and commercial home heating oil customers automatically receive deliveries based on prevailing weather conditions. In addition, approximately 32 of our residential customers take advantage of our smart pay budget payment plan under which their estimated annual oil and propane deliveries and service billings are paid for in a series of equal monthly installments. We use derivative instruments as needed to mitigate our exposure to market risks associated with our price-protected offerings and the storing of our physical home heating oil inventory. Given our size, we believe we are able to realize certain benefits of scale and provide consistent, strong customer service. 
 Currently, we have heating oil and/or propane customers in the following states: Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont, Virginia, West Virginia and the District of Columbia. 
 
 Industry Characteristics 
 Home heating oil is primarily used as a source of fuel to heat residences and businesses in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions. According to the U.S. Department of Energy Energy Information Administration, Residential Energy Consumption Survey (released May 2022), these regions account for 82 (4.1 million of 5.0 million) of the households in the United States where heating oil is the main space-heating fuel and 19 (4.1 million of 21.9 million) of the homes in these regions use home heating oil as their main space-heating fuel. Our experience has been that customers have a tendency to increase their conservation efforts as the price of home heating oil increases, thereby reducing their consumption. 
 The retail home heating oil industry is mature, with total market demand expected to decline in the foreseeable future due to conversions to natural gas and electricity, availability of other alternative energy sources and the installations of more fuel efficient heating systems. Therefore, our ability to maintain our business or grow within the industry is dependent on the acquisition of other retail distributors, the success of our marketing programs, and the growth of our other service offerings. Based on our records, our customer conversions to natural gas and electricity have ranged between 1.1 and 1.6 per year over the last five years. We believe this may continue or even increase. In addition, there are legislative and regulatory efforts underway in several states seeking to encourage homeowners to reduce or even eliminate the consumption of fossil fuels that we sell. 
 5 
 
 The retail home heating oil industry is highly fragmented, characterized by a large number of relatively small, independently owned and operated local distributors. Some businesses provide full service, as we do, and others offer delivery only on a cash-on-delivery basis, which we also do to a significantly lesser extent. In addition, the industry is complex and costly due to regulations, working capital requirements, and the costs and risks of hedging for price protected customers. 
 Propane is a by-product of natural gas processing and petroleum refining. Propane use falls into three broad categories: residential and commercial applications; industrial applications; and agricultural uses. In the residential and commercial markets, propane is used primarily for space heating, water heating, clothes drying and cooking. Industrial customers use propane generally as a motor fuel to power over-the-road vehicles, forklifts and stationary engines, to fire furnaces, as a cutting gas and in other process applications. In the agricultural market, propane is primarily used for tobacco curing, crop drying, poultry breeding and weed control. 
 The retail propane distribution industry is highly competitive and is generally serviced by large multi-state full-service distributors and small local independent distributors. Like the home heating oil industry, each retail propane distribution provider operates in its own competitive environment because propane distributors typically reside in close proximity to their customers. In most retail propane distribution markets, customers can choose from multiple distributors based on the quality of customer service, safety, reputation and price. 
 It is common practice in our business to price our liquid products to customers based on a per gallon margin over wholesale costs. As a result, we believe distributors such as ourselves generally seek to maintain their per gallon margins by passing wholesale price increases through to customers, thus insulating their margins from the volatility in wholesale prices. However, distributors may be unable or unwilling to pass the entire product cost increases through to customers. We believe this is especially true in the propane business. In these cases, significant decreases in per gallon margins may result. The timing of cost pass-throughs can also significantly affect margins. (See Customers and Pricing for a discussion on our offerings). 
 Business Strategy 
 Our business strategy is to increase Adjusted EBITDA (See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a definition) and cash flow by effectively managing operations while growing and retaining our customer base as a retail distributor of home heating oil and propane and provider of related products and services. The key elements of this strategy include the following: 
 Pursue select acquisitions Our senior management team has developed expertise in identifying acquisition opportunities and integrating acquired customers into our operations. We focus on acquiring companies within and outside our current footprint. 
 We actively pursue home heating oil only companies, propane companies, dual fuel (home heating oil and propane) companies and selectively target motor fuels acquisitions, especially where they are operating in the markets we currently serve. 
 Deliver superior customer service We are dedicated to consistently providing our customers with superior service and a positive customer experience to improve retention and drive additional revenue. We have established programs and conduct surveys to effectively measure customer satisfaction at certain brands. 
 We have deployed a customer relationship management solution at most of our larger brands. We believe this allows us to provide a more consistent customer experience as our employees will have a 360 degree-view of each customer with easy access to key customer information and customized dashboards to track individual employee performance. 
 We have resources dedicated to training employees to provide superior and consistent service and enhance the customer experience. This effort is supported, reinforced and monitored by our local management teams. 
 Provide complementary service offerings These offerings include, but are not limited to, the sales, service and installation of heating and air conditioning equipment, and standby home generators. In addition, we also repair and install natural gas heating systems. 
 6 
 
 Pursue environmental sustainability opportunities We are committed to pursuing initiatives that reduce greenhouse gas emissions across our product offerings, by offering biodiesel blended products (a renewable, biodegradable fuel manufactured from vegetable oils, animal fats, or recycled restaurant grease) and by offering energy efficient heating and air conditioning equipment to our customers . 
 Seasonality 
 Our fiscal year ends on September 30. All references to quarters and years respectively in this document are to fiscal quarters and years unless otherwise noted. The seasonal nature of our business results in the sale of approximately 30 of our volume of home heating oil and propane in the first fiscal quarter and 50 of our volume in the second fiscal quarter of each fiscal year, the peak heating season. Approximately 25 of our volume of motor fuel and other petroleum products is sold in each of the four fiscal quarters. We generally realize net income in our first and second fiscal quarters and net losses during our third and fourth fiscal quarters and we expect that the negative impact of seasonality on our third and fourth fiscal quarter operating results will continue. In addition, sales volume typically fluctuates from year to year in response to variations in weather, wholesale energy prices and other factors. 
 Degree Day 
 A degree day is an industry measurement of temperature designed to evaluate energy demand and consumption. Degree days are based on how far the average daily temperature departs from 65 F. Each degree of temperature above 65 F is counted as one cooling degree day, and each degree of temperature below 65 F is counted as one heating degree day. Degree days are accumulated each day over the course of a year and can be compared to a monthly or a multi-year average to see if a month or a year was warmer or cooler than usual. Degree days are officially observed by the National Weather Service. 
 Every ten years, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration NOAA computes and publishes average meteorological quantities, including the average temperature for the last 30 years by geographical location, and the corresponding degree days. The latest data covers the years from 1991 to 2020. Our calculations of normal weather are based on these published 30 year averages for heating degree days, weighted by volume for the locations where we have existing operations. 
 Competition 
 Most of our operating locations compete with numerous distributors, primarily on the basis of price, reliability of service and response to customer needs. Each such location operates in its own competitive environment. 
 Customer Attrition 
 We measure net customer attrition for our full service residential and commercial home heating oil and propane customers. Net customer attrition is the difference between gross customer losses and customers added through marketing efforts. Customers added through acquisitions are not included in the calculation of gross customer gains. However, additional customers that are obtained through marketing efforts at newly acquired businesses are included in these calculations from the point of closing going forward. Customer attrition percentage calculations include customers added through acquisitions in the denominators of the calculations on a weighted average basis from the closing date. Gross customer losses are the result of a number of factors, including price competition, move outs, credit losses and conversions to natural gas and electrified heating systems. (See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Customer Attrition.) 
 Customers and Pricing 
 The number of home heating oil customers comprise 78 of our product customer base, with propane customers comprising another 17 and motor fuel and other petroleum product customers making up the remaining 5 . (During fiscal 2023, we sold 259.2 million gallons of home heating oil and propane and 139.0 million gallons of motor fuel and other petroleum products.) 
 7 
 
 Our full service home heating oil customer base is comprised of 97 residential customers and 3 commercial customers. Approximately 94 of our full service residential and commercial home heating oil customers have their deliveries scheduled automatically and 6 of our home heating oil customer base call from time to time to schedule a delivery. Automatic deliveries are scheduled based on each customer s historical consumption pattern and prevailing weather conditions. Our practice is to bill customers promptly after delivery. We offer a balanced payment plan to residential customers in which a customer s estimated annual oil purchases and service contract fees are paid for in a series of equal monthly payments. Approximately 32 of our residential home heating oil customers have selected this billing option. 
 We offer several pricing alternatives to our residential home heating oil customers. Our variable pricing program allows the price to float with the heating oil market and other factors. In addition, we offer price-protected programs, which establish either a ceiling or a fixed price per gallon that the customer pays over a defined period. The following chart depicts the percentage of the pricing plans selected by our residential home heating oil customers as of the end of the fiscal year. 

Percentage of Residential Home Heating Oil Customers 

September 30, 

Pricing Programs 
 
 2023 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Variable 

55.6 

57.0 

55.0 

54.4 

53.9 

Ceiling 

37.8 

37.6 

39.0 

38.5 

39.1 

Fixed 

6.6 

5.4 

6.0 

7.1 

7.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

Sales to residential customers ordinarily generate higher per gallon margins than sales to commercial customers. Due to greater price sensitivity, our own internal marketing efforts, and hedging costs of residential price-protected customers, the per gallon margins realized from price-protected customers generally are less than from variable priced residential customers. 
 The propane customer base has a similar profile to heating oil residential and commercial customers. Pricing plans chosen by propane customers are almost exclusively variable in nature where selling prices will float with the propane market and other commercial factors. 
 The motor fuel and other petroleum products customer group includes commercial and industrial customers of unbranded diesel, gasoline, kerosene and related distillate products. We sell products to these customers through contracts of various terms or through a competitive bidding process. 
 Derivatives 
 We use derivative instruments in order to mitigate our exposure to market risk associated with the purchase of home heating oil for our price-protected customers, physical inventory on hand, inventory in transit, priced purchase commitments, and the variable interest rate on a portion of our term loan. Currently, the Company s derivative instruments are with the following counterparties: Bank of America, N.A., Bank of Montreal, Cargill, Inc., Citibank, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Key Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 
 The Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 815-10-05, Derivatives and Hedging, requires that derivative instruments be recorded at fair value and included in the consolidated balance sheet as assets or liabilities. To the extent our interest rate derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges are effective, as defined under this guidance, changes in fair value are recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. We have elected not to designate our commodity derivative instruments as hedging instruments under this guidance, and as a result, the changes in fair value of the derivative instruments during the holding period are recognized in our statement of operations. Therefore, we experience volatility in earnings as outstanding derivative instruments are marked to market and non-cash gains and losses are recorded prior to the sale of the commodity to the customer. The volatility in any given period related to unrealized non-cash gains or losses on derivative instruments can be significant to our overall results. However, we ultimately expect those gains and losses to be offset by the cost of product when purchased. Depending on the risk being hedged, realized gains and losses are recorded in cost of product, cost of installations and services, or delivery and branch expenses. 
 8 
 
 Suppliers and Supply Arrangements 
 We purchase our products for delivery in either barge, pipeline or truckload quantities. As of September 30, 2023 we had contracts with approximately 124 third-party terminal sites for the right to temporarily store petroleum products at their facilities. Home heating oil and propane purchases are made under supply contracts or on the spot market. We have entered into New York Mercantile Exchange NYMEX or Platts American Gulf Coast based physical supply contracts for approximately 76 of our expected home heating oil and propane requirements for our full service residential and commercial customers for the fiscal 2024 heating season. For the fiscal year 2024 heating season, approximately 76 of the Company s contracted home heating oil volume with suppliers has a biofuel component. We also have entered into NYMEX or Platts American Gulf Coast based physical supply contracts for approximately 43 of our expected diesel and gasoline requirements for fiscal 2024. 
 During fiscal 2023, Shell Trading and Shell Oil Products US provided approximately 18 of our petroleum purchases and Motiva Enterprises LLC provided 14 of our petroleum product purchases. During fiscal 2022, Global Companies LLC and Motiva Enterprises LLC provided approximately 17 and 14 of our petroleum product purchases, respectively. Our supply contracts typically have terms of 6 to 12 months. For fiscal 2024, approximately 26 of our physical supply contracts are with Shell Trading and Shell Oil Products US. All of our supply contracts provide for minimum quantities and in most cases do not establish in advance the price of home heating oil or propane. This price is based upon a published index price at the time of delivery or pricing date plus an agreed upon differential. We believe that our policy of contracting for the majority of our anticipated supply needs with diverse and reliable sources will enable us to obtain sufficient product should unforeseen shortages develop in worldwide supplies. 
 Liquid Product Price Volatility 
 Volatility, which is reflected in the wholesale price of liquid products, including home heating oil, propane and motor fuels, has a larger impact on our business when prices rise. Home heating oil consumers are price sensitive to heating cost increases, and this often leads to customer conservation and increased gross customer losses. As a commodity, the price of home heating oil is generally impacted by many factors, including economic and geopolitical forces, and is closely linked to the price of diesel fuel. The volatility in the wholesale cost of diesel fuel as measured by the New York Mercantile Exchange NYMEX ), for the fiscal years ending September 30, 2019, through 2023, on a quarterly basis, is illustrated in the following chart (price per gallon): 

Fiscal 2023 (a) 

Fiscal 2022 

Fiscal 2021 

Fiscal 2020 

Fiscal 2019 

Quarter Ended 
 
 Low 

High 

Low 

High 

Low 

High 

Low 

High 

Low 

High 

December 31 

2.78 

4.55 

2.06 

2.59 

1.08 

1.51 

1.86 

2.05 

1.66 

2.44 

March 31 

2.61 

3.55 

2.36 

4.44 

1.46 

1.97 

0.95 

2.06 

1.70 

2.04 

June 30 

2.23 

2.73 

3.27 

5.14 

1.77 

2.16 

0.61 

1.22 

1.78 

2.12 

September 30 

2.38 

3.48 

3.13 

4.01 

1.91 

2.34 

1.08 

1.28 

1.75 

2.08 

(a) On November 30, 2023, the NYMEX ultra low sulfur diesel contract closed at 2.83 per gallon. 

Acquisitions 
 Part of our business strategy is to pursue select acquisitions. Each acquired company s operating results are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements starting on its acquisition date. Customer lists, other intangibles (excluding goodwill) and trade names are amortized on a straight-line basis over seven to twenty years. 
 During fiscal 2023, the Company acquired one propane and two heating oil businesses for approximately 19.8 million (using 19.8 million in cash). The gross purchase price was allocated 10.4 million to intangible assets, 8.0 million to goodwill, 2.3 million to fixed assets and reduced by 0.9 million of negative working capital. 
 During fiscal 2022, the Company acquired five heating oil businesses for approximately 15.6 million (using 13.1 million in cash and assuming 2.5 million of liabilities). The gross purchase price was allocated 7.3 million to intangible assets, 3.1 million to goodwill, 5.6 million to fixed assets and reduced by 0.4 million of negative working capital. 
 9 
 
 During fiscal 2021, the Company acquired two propane and three heating oil businesses for approximately 42.5 million (using 40.7 million in cash and assuming 1.8 million of liabilities). The gross purchase price was allocated 37.3 million to goodwill and intangible assets, 6.2 million to fixed assets and reduced by 1.0 million of negative working capital. 
 Employees and Human Capital Management 
 We consider our employees a key factor to Star s success and we are focused on attracting and retaining the best employees at all levels of our business. In particular, our dedication to providing superior customer service depends significantly on employee satisfaction and retention. We strive to create a productive and collaborative work environment for our employees. Our human capital measures and objectives focus on safety of our employees, employee benefits, and employee development and training. 
 The safety of our employees and customers is paramount. We strive to ensure that all employees feel safe in their respective work environment. Since March 2020, a portion of our office personnel have worked remotely. We believe that our employees have adapted well and continue to be flexible to the changing working conditions. 
 To attract talent and meet the needs of our employees, we offer benefits packages for full-time employees. We offer a health and welfare and retirement program to all eligible employees. We also provide our employees with resources for professional development including technical training, feedback and performance reviews from supervisors, and management training. 
 As of September 30, 2023, we had 3,052 employees, of whom 822 were office, clerical and customer service personnel; 831 were equipment technicians; 504 were fuel delivery drivers and mechanics; 579 were management and 316 were employed in sales. Of these employees 1,354 (44 are represented by 62 different collective bargaining agreements with local chapters of labor unions. Due to the seasonal nature of our business and depending on the demands of the 2024 heating season, we anticipate that we will augment our current staffing levels during the heating season from among the 279 employees on temporary leave of absence as of September 30, 2023. There are 19 collective bargaining agreements up for renewal in fiscal 2024, covering approximately 289 employees (9 ). We believe that our relations with both our union and non-union employees are generally satisfactory. 
 Government Regulations 
 Regulations in Response to Climate Change . There is increasing attention in the United States and worldwide concerning the issue of climate change and the effect of greenhouse gas GHG emissions, in particular, from the combustion of carbon-based fossil fuels. Our heating oil and propane products are widely considered to be fossil fuels that produce GHG emissions. To combat the cause of global warming domestically, President Biden identified climate change as one of his administration s top priorities and pledged to seek measures that would pave the path for the U.S. to achieve net zero GHG emissions by 2050. In April 2021, President Biden announced the administration s plan to reduce the U.S. GHG emissions by at least 50 by 2030. These environmental goals earned a prominent place in the Biden administration s 1.2 trillion infrastructure bill, which was signed into law on November 15, 2021. On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act which aims to reduce GHG emissions by offering tax and other financial incentives designed to encourage homeowners to switch to alternative sources of energy other than those we sell, including a tax rebate of up to 8,000 per qualified household for the installation of an electric heat pump for a home s primary heat source. States must apply for rebate funding with the U.S. Department of Energy and adopt and administer energy rebate programs within their respective states before homeowners can apply and receive tax rebates under the program. The timing of when the various states within our operating footprint will adopt energy rebate programs in order to distribute homeowner rebates remains uncertain. 
 10 
 
 Numerous states and municipalities have also adopted laws and policies on climate change and emission reduction targets. For example, on July 18, 2019, the State of New York (location of 43 of our residential home heating oil and propane customers) passed the Climate Leadership and Community Protection Act CLCPA ). Among other things, the CLCPA sets out a series of emissions reduction, renewable energy, and energy storage goals to significantly reduce the use of carbon-based fossil fuels and eventually achieve net zero GHG emissions in the state. In December 2022, New York approved the Scoping Plan, which details actions required to advance directives stated in the CLCPA and to enable New York to limit GHG emissions as a percentage of 1990 emissions to 60 by 2030 and to 15 by 2050. The CLCPA gives the New York Department of Energy Conservation until January 1, 2024 to promulgate regulations to ensure that the State of New York meets the CLCPA s GHG emission limits as outlined in the Scoping Plan. 
 On May 2, 2023, the State of New York adopted its 2024 fiscal year budget, which included amendments to New York s Energy Law and to its Executive Law that prohibit the installation of fossil-fuel equipment and building systems in any new buildings under seven stories, except for a new commercial or industrial building greater than 100,000 square feet in conditioned floor area beginning December 31, 2025 (the Fossil Fuel Ban ). The Fossil Fuel Ban applies to equipment that uses heating oil, propane and natural gas for combustion and will then expand to all new buildings beginning January 1, 2029. Specifically, the Energy Law and the Executive Law direct the New York State Fire Prevention and Building Code Council (the Code Council to include the Fossil Fuel Ban on installation of fossil-fuel burning equipment and building systems in new buildings in the State of New York s Energy Conservation Construction Code (the Energy Code and in the Uniform Fire Prevention and Building Code (the Building Code ). We understand that the Code Council has begun the process of integrating the Fossil Fuel Ban into the Energy Code and the Building Code. 
 On October 12, 2023, a coalition of businesses, trade associations and labor unions including the National Propane Gas Association, New York Propane Gas Association and Mulhern Gas Co., filed a federal lawsuit in the Northern District of New York (Mulhern Gas Co., Inc. et al v. Rodriguez, et al., Case No. 1:23-cv-1267) claiming that the Fossil Fuel Ban violates federal law. The lawsuit seeks to declare the Fossil Fuel Ban invalid and to block its enforcement on the grounds that it is preempted by the federal Energy Policy and Conservation Act EPCA ). It relies on a recent decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit (California Restaurant Association v. City of Berkeley) which held that a ban on gas piping in a new building in Berkeley, California was invalid on the basis that it concerned the energy use of appliances covered by the EPCA and was therefore preempted by federal law. As this legal challenge to the Fossil Fuel Ban is in the very early stages, it is uncertain what impact, if any, it will have on the Company s operations in the State of New York. 
 In May 2019, New York City (location of 3 of our residential home heating oil and propane customers) enacted Local Law 97 as a part of the Climate Mobilization Act aimed at reducing GHG emissions by 80 from commercial and residential buildings by 2050. Starting in 2024, this law will place carbon caps on most buildings larger than 25,000 square feet. In addition, in December 2021, New York City passed Local Law 154 of 2021, which will phase out fossil fuel usage in newly constructed residential and commercial buildings starting in 2024 for lower-rise buildings, and in 2027 for taller buildings. With few exceptions, all new buildings constructed in New York City must be fully electric by 2027. 
 In March 2021, the State of Massachusetts (location of 5 of our residential home heating oil and propane customers) signed into law An Act Creating A Next-Generation Roadmap for Massachusetts Climate Policy (the 2021 Climate Law that establishes a 2030 limit of at least a 50 reduction in GHG emissions below the 1990 GHG emissions baseline and requires the Secretary of Energy and Environmental Affairs to set interim emissions limits and sector-specific sublimits every five years. The 2021 Climate Law tasks the Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection (the MassDEP with developing a high-level program to meet the emissions limit for residential, commercial, and industrial heating and identified a Clean Heat Standard CHS as a regulatory option for addressing this requirement. The proposed regulations released by MassDEP in May 2023 could require, among other things, heating energy suppliers to demonstrate the conversion of approximately 3 of their customers to electric heat each year. Such proposed regulations, if adopted, could dramatically negatively impact the Company s Massachusetts operations and impose onerous reporting requirements on the Company. 
 11 
 
 On August 11, 2022, the State of Massachusetts signed into law An Act Driving Clean Energy and Offshore Wind (the 2022 Climate Law ). The 2022 Climate Law establishes a new pilot program to allow up to 10 municipalities to require through zoning that new construction or substantial renovation projects will be fossil-fuel free, and instructs the State s Department of Energy Resources DOER to adopt regulations to structure the pilot program. The DOER adopted final regulations structuring the pilot program in July 2023. The purpose of the pilot program is to allow the DOER to study the implementation of fossil fuel bans in municipalities and evaluate future best practices on decarbonization. 
 These measures, which have or may have the effect of reducing or eliminating GHG emissions from fossil fuel-burning vehicles, boilers and furnaces, could significantly negatively impact the Company s operations in New York City, New York State and Massachusetts, which together constitute a material portion of the Company s business. Other states in which the Company operates and that are material to the Company s operations, such as Connecticut, Rhode Island and New Jersey, have adopted similar GHG laws or have otherwise announced GHG reduction targets. However, while we cannot predict at this time whether and in what manner the New York CLCPA, the Massachusetts 2021 Climate Law, the Massachusetts 2022 Climate Law, or other state and local GHG laws or targets could impact the Company, these measures could over time have a material negative impact on the Company. 
 Environmental and Safety Regulations. We are also subject to various federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. Generally, these laws impose limitations on the discharge or emission of pollutants and establish standards for the handling of solid and hazardous wastes. These laws include the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act CERCLA ), the Clean Air Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Emergency Planning and Community Right to Know Act, the Clean Water Act, the Oil Pollution Act, and comparable state statutes. CERCLA, also known as the Superfund law, imposes joint and several liabilities without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct on certain classes of persons that are considered to have contributed to the release or threatened release of a hazardous substance into the environment. Products stored and/or delivered by us and certain automotive waste products generated by our fleet are hazardous substances within the meaning of CERCLA or otherwise subject to investigation and cleanup under other environmental laws and regulations. While we are currently not involved with any material CERCLA claims, and we have implemented programs and policies designed to address potential liabilities and costs under applicable environmental laws and regulations, failure to comply with such laws and regulations could result in civil or criminal penalties or injunctive relief in cases of non-compliance or impose liability for remediation costs. 
 We have incurred and continue to incur costs to address soil and groundwater contamination at some of our locations, including legacy contamination at properties that we have acquired. A number of our properties are what is currently undergoing remediation, in some instances funded by prior owners or operators contractually obligated to do so. To date, no material issues have arisen with respect to such prior owners or operators addressing such remediation, although there is no assurance that this will continue to be the case. In addition, we have been subject to proceedings by regulatory authorities for alleged violations of environmental and safety laws and regulations. We do not expect any of these liabilities or proceedings of which we are aware to result in material costs to, or disruptions of, our business or operations. 
 Transportation of our products by truck is subject to regulations promulgated under the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Act. These regulations cover the transportation of hazardous materials and are administered by the United States Department of Transportation or similar state agencies. Several of our oil terminals are governed under the United States Coast Guard operations Oversite, Federal OPA 90 FRP programs and Federal Spill Prevention Control and Countermeasure programs. All of our propane bulk terminals are governed under Homeland Security Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards programs. We conduct ongoing training programs to help ensure that our operations are in compliance with applicable regulations. We maintain various permits that are necessary to operate some of our facilities, some of which may be material to our operations. 
 12 
 
 ITEM 1A. 	 RIS K FACTORS 
 You should consider carefully the risk factors discussed below, as well as all other information, as an investment in the Company involves a high degree of risk. We are subject to certain risks and hazards due to the nature of the business activities we conduct. The risks discussed below, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and cash available for distributions to our unitholders, could result in a partial or total loss of your investment, and are not the only risks we face. We may experience additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or, as a result of developments occurring in the future, conditions that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect us. 
 Wholesale Product Price Volatility and Supply Risks Associated with our Business 
 Fluctuations in wholesale product costs may have adverse effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. 
 Increases in wholesale product costs may have adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including the following: 
 reduced profit margins; 

customer conservation; 

customer attrition due to customers converting to lower cost heating products or suppliers; 

reduced liquidity as a result of higher net receivables including customer credit balances, and/or inventory balances as we must fund a portion of any increase in receivables, inventory and hedging costs from our own cash resources and thereby reduce or eliminate funds that would otherwise be available for distributions and other purposes; 

higher interest expense as a result of increased working capital borrowing to finance higher receivables and/or inventory balances; and higher bad debt expense and credit card processing costs as a result of higher selling prices. 

Our business is a margin-based business in which gross profit depends on the excess of sales prices per gallon over supply costs per gallon. Consequently, our profitability is sensitive to increases in the wholesale product cost caused by changes in supply, geopolitical forces and other market conditions. Although our wholesale product costs are closely linked to the price of diesel fuel, diesel fuel prices do not always correspond to increases or decreases in consumer demand for our products. Consequently, our wholesale product prices may rise even though demand for our heating oil products is down due to, among other things, warm winter temperatures. Significant increases in product costs result in higher operating expenses, such as credit card fees, bad debt expense, and vehicle fuels, and also lead to higher working capital requirements, including higher premiums and cash requirements for some of our hedging instruments. In certain cases, we cannot pass on to our customers immediately or in full all cost increases by increasing our retail sales prices. This, in turn, negatively affects our profit margins. We cannot predict with any certainty the impact of periods of high wholesale product costs on future profit margins. 
 During periods of high wholesale product costs, the prices we charge our customers generally increase. High prices can lead to customer conservation and attrition, resulting in reduced demand for our products. Additionally, in an effort to retain existing accounts and attract new customers we may offer discounts, which will impact the net per gallon gross margin realized. Increases in in wholesale product prices may also slow our customer collections as customers are more likely to delay the payment of their bills, leading to higher accounts receivable. 
 If increases in wholesale product costs cause our working capital requirements to exceed the amounts available under our revolving credit facility or should we fail to maintain the required availability or fixed charge coverage ratio, we would not have sufficient working capital to operate our business or cash available for distributions to unitholders. 
 When the wholesale price of home heating oil declines significantly after a customer enters into a price protection arrangement, some customers attempt to renegotiate their arrangement in order to enter into a lower cost pricing plan with us or terminate their arrangement and switch to a competitor, which may which may adversely impact our gross profit and operating results. 
 13 
 
 If, due to supply constraints or shortages, we cannot purchase sufficient quantities of products to meet our customer s needs, our business and operations will be adversely affected. 
 Constraints in physical product supplies have been caused by numerous factors, including imbalances in supply and demand of liquid product, exacerbated by geopolitical forces, such as the wars in the Ukraine and in the Middle East. In addition, backwardated energy markets, which exist when the current market price of wholesale product is higher than the futures price, have caused and may in the future cause suppliers to reduce physical inventories. We expect to cover a substantial majority of our expected heating oil and propane needs during the heating season for our full service residential and commercial customers with physical supply contracts and inventory on-hand at the beginning of the heating season. The remainder of our customer s needs are satisfied through spot product purchases. During periods when supplies are constrained, we have paid and may continue to pay significant premiums over the wholesale product cost to ensure prompt delivery of spot purchases. In certain cases, these premium payments cannot be passed on to our customers, thereby reducing our profit margins. 
 Our hedging strategy may adversely affect our liquidity. 
 We purchase derivatives, futures and swaps of diesel fuel primarily from members of our lending group and Cargill in order to mitigate exposure to market risk associated with our inventory and the purchase of home heating oil for price-protected customers. Future positions require an initial cash margin deposit and daily mark to market maintenance margin, whereas options are generally paid either upfront or when they expire. Any cash payment reduces our liquidity, as we must pay for the option before any sales are made to the customer. Mark-to-market exposure with our bank group reduces our borrowing base and as such can reduce the amount available to us under our Credit Agreement. 
 A significant portion of our home heating oil volume is sold to price-protected customers (ceiling and fixed), and our gross margins could be adversely affected if we are not able to effectively hedge against fluctuations in the volume and cost of product sold to these customers. 
 A significant portion of our home heating oil volume is sold to individual customers under arrangements pre-establishing the ceiling sales price or a fixed price of home heating oil over a fixed period. When the customer makes a purchase commitment for the next period, we currently purchase option contracts, swaps and futures contracts for diesel fuel covering a substantial majority of the heating oil that we expect to sell to these price-protected customers. The price of heating oil is closely linked to the price of diesel fuel. The amount of home heating oil volume that we hedge per price-protected customer with diesel fuel derivatives is based upon the estimated fuel consumption per average customer, per month by location. If the actual usage exceeds the amount of the hedged volume on a monthly basis, we could be required to obtain additional volume at unfavorable margins. In addition, should actual usage in any month be less than the hedged volume (including, for example, as a result of warm winters and early terminations by price protected customers), we may incur additional hedging costs which reduce our gross profit margins. Currently, we have elected not to designate our derivative instruments as hedging instruments under FASB ASC 815-10-05 Derivatives and Hedging, and the change in fair value of the derivative instruments is recognized in our statement of operations. Therefore, we experience volatility in earnings as these currently outstanding derivative contracts are marked to market and non-cash gains or losses are recorded in the statement of operations. 
 Our risk management policies cannot eliminate all commodity price risk or the impact of adverse market conditions which can adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. In addition, any noncompliance with our risk management policies could result in significant financial losses. 
 While our hedging policies are designed to minimize commodity risk, some degree of exposure to unforeseen fluctuations in market conditions remains. For example, we change our hedged position daily in response to movements in our inventory. Any difference between the estimated future sales from inventory and actual sales will create a mismatch between the amount of inventory and the hedges against that inventory, and thus change the commodity risk position that we are trying to maintain. We monitor processes and procedures to reduce the risk of unauthorized trading and to maintain substantial balance between purchases and sales or future delivery obligations. We can provide no assurance, however, that these steps will detect and/or prevent all violations of such risk management policies and procedures, particularly if deception or other intentional misconduct is involved. 
 14 
 
 We rely on the continued solvency of our wholesale product suppliers and derivatives, insurance and weather hedge counterparties. 
 If one of our wholesale product suppliers were to fail, our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted, as we may be required to purchase product from other sources which may be at higher prices than we were prepared to pay. If counterparties to the derivative instruments that we use to hedge the cost of home heating oil sold to price-protected customers, physical inventory and our vehicle fuel costs were to fail, our liquidity, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted, as we would be obligated to fulfill our operational requirement of purchasing, storing and selling home heating oil and vehicle fuel, while losing the mitigating benefits of economic hedges with a failed counterparty. If one of our insurance carriers were to fail, our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted, as we would have to fund any catastrophic loss. If our weather hedge counterparty were to fail, we would lose the protection of our weather hedge contract. 
 Risks Related to Customer Attrition, Competition, and Demand for Our Products 
 Our operating results will be adversely affected if we continue to experience significant net customer attrition in our home heating oil and propane customer base. 
 The following table depicts our gross customer gains, losses and net attrition from fiscal year 2019 to fiscal year 2023. Net customer attrition is the difference between gross customer losses and customers added through marketing efforts. Customers added through acquisitions are not included in the calculation of gross customer gains. However, additional customer gains that are obtained through marketing efforts or lost at newly acquired businesses are included in these calculations from the point of closing going forward. Customer attrition percentage calculations include customers added through acquisitions in the denominators of the calculations on a weighted average basis from the closing date. 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Gross customer gains 

12.0 

11.9 

10.7 

12.2 

12.9 

Gross customer losses 

15.6 

15.6 

14.6 

15.6 

18.3 

Net attrition 

(3.6) 

(3.7) 

(3.9) 

(3.4) 

(5.4) 

The gain of a new customer does not fully compensate for the loss of an existing customer because of the expenses incurred during the first year to add a new customer. Typically, the per gallon margin realized from a new account added is less than the margin of a customer that switches to another provider. Customer losses are the result of various factors, including but not limited to, wholesale product price volatility, price competition, warmer than normal weather, customer relocations and home sales/foreclosures, credit worthiness, service disruptions, and conversions to natural gas and electricity. 
 Periods of high wholesale product costs due to energy market volatility and inflation have added to our difficulty in reducing net customer attrition. Warmer than normal weather has also contributed to an increase in attrition as customers perceive less need for a full-service provider like ourselves. 
 If we are not able to reduce the current level of net customer attrition or if such level should increase, attrition will have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and cash available for distributions to unitholders. For additional information about customer attrition, see Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Customer Attrition. 
 Because of the highly competitive nature of our business, we may not be able to retain existing customers or acquire new customers, which would have an adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our business is subject to substantial competition. Most of our operating locations compete with numerous distributors, primarily on the basis of price, reliability of service and responsiveness to customer service needs. Each operating location operates in its own competitive environment. 
 15 
 
 We compete with distributors offering a broad range of services and prices, from full-service distributors, such as ourselves, to those offering delivery only. As do many companies in our business, we provide home heating equipment repair service on a 24-hour-a-day, seven-day-a-week, 52 weeks a year basis. We believe that this tends to build customer loyalty. In some instances, homeowners have formed buying cooperatives that seek to purchase home heating oil from distributors at a price lower than individual customers are otherwise able to obtain. We also compete for retail customers with suppliers of alternative energy products, principally natural gas, propane (in the case of our home heating oil operations) and electricity. If we are unable to compete effectively, we may lose existing customers and/or fail to acquire new customers, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our operating results will be adversely affected if we experience significant net customer attrition from conversions to alternative energy products, principally natural gas or electricity. 
 The following table depicts our estimated customer losses to natural gas conversions for the last five fiscal years. Losses to natural gas in our footprint for the home heating oil industry could be greater or less than our estimates. 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Customer losses to natural gas conversion and electricity 

(1.6) 

(1.5) 

(1.1) 

(1.1) 

(1.4) 

In addition to our direct customer losses to natural gas and electricity competition, any conversion to natural gas or electricity by a heating oil consumer in our geographic footprint reduces the pool of available customers from which we can gain new heating oil customers, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 If we do not make acquisitions on economically acceptable terms, we will not be able to replace or grow our declining customer base. 
 Generally, heating oil and propane are secondary energy choices for new housing construction, because natural gas is usually selected when the infrastructure exists. In certain areas in our operating footprint, state and local legislatures are mandating the replacement of heating systems using fossil fuels, such as heating oil and propane, with systems using electricity in new building construction. As such, our industry is declining. Accordingly, our ability to maintain or grow our customer base will depend on our ability to make acquisitions on economically acceptable terms. We cannot assure that we will be able to identify attractive acquisition candidates in the future or that we will be able to acquire businesses on economically acceptable terms. Adverse operating and financial results may limit our access to capital and adversely affect our ability to make acquisitions. 
 Our acquisition activities could result in operational difficulties, unrecoverable costs and other negative consequences, any of which may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Any acquisition may involve potential risks to us and ultimately to our unitholders, including an increase in our indebtedness, an increase in our working capital requirements, an inability to integrate the operations of the acquired business, an excess of customer loss from the acquired business, loss of key employees from the acquired business and the assumption of additional liabilities, including environmental liabilities . 
 Since weather conditions may adversely affect the demand for home heating oil and propane, our business, operating results and financial condition are vulnerable to warm winters. 
 Weather conditions in regions in which we operate have a significant impact on the demand for home heating oil and propane because our customers depend on this product largely for space heating purposes. As a result, weather conditions may materially adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition. During the peak-heating season of October through March, sales of home heating oil and propane historically have represented approximately 80 of our annual volume sold. Actual weather conditions can vary substantially from year to year or from month to month, significantly affecting our financial performance. Climate change may result in increased weather volatility. See We face possible risks and costs associated with the effects of changes in climate and severe weather in these Risk Factors. Warmer than normal temperatures in one or more regions in which we 
 16 
 
 operate can significantly decrease the total volume we sell and the gross profit realized and, consequently, our results of operations. 
 To partially mitigate the adverse effect of warm weather on cash flows, we have used weather hedge contracts for a number of years. In general, such weather hedge contracts provide that we are entitled to receive a specific payment per heating degree-day shortfall, when the total number of heating degree-days in the hedge period is less than the ten year average. The payment thresholds, or strikes, are set at various levels. The hedge period runs from November 1, through March 31, of a fiscal year taken as a whole. Although we have entered into weather hedges for fiscal 2024 and in prior years' periods, there can be no assurance that weather hedge contracts on historical terms and prices will continue to be available past fiscal 2024. There can be no assurance that our weather hedge contracts, if any, will fully or substantially offset the adverse effects of warmer weather on our business and operating results or that colder weather will result in enough profit to offset our hedging costs. 
 Our operating results are subject to seasonal fluctuations. 
 Our operating results are subject to seasonal fluctuations since the demand for home heating oil and propane is greater during the first and second fiscal quarter of our fiscal year, which is the peak heating season. The seasonal nature of our business has resulted on average in the last five years in the sale of approximately 30 of our volume of home heating oil and propane in the first fiscal quarter and 50 of our volume in the second fiscal quarter of each fiscal year. As a result, we generally realize net income in our first and second fiscal quarters and net losses during our third and fourth fiscal quarters and we expect that the negative impact of seasonality on our third and fourth fiscal quarter operating results will continue. Thus, any material reduction in the profitability of the first and second quarters for any reason, including warmer than normal weather and wholesale product price volatility, generally cannot be made up by any significant profitability improvements in the results of the third and fourth quarters. 
 We face possible risks and costs associated with effects of changes in climate and severe weather. 
 We cannot predict changes in climate. The physical effects of changes in climate could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. Since weather conditions may adversely affect the demand for home heating oil and propane, our business, operating results and financial condition are vulnerable to warm winters. To the extent that changes in climate impact weather patterns, our markets could experience severe weather. If the frequency or magnitude of severe weather conditions or natural disasters such as hurricanes, blizzards or earthquakes increase, as a result of changes in climate or for other reasons, our results of operations and our financial performance could be negatively impacted by the extent of damage to our facilities or to our customers residential homes and business structures, or of disruption to the supply or delivery of the products we sell . 
 Risks Related to Regulatory and Environmental Matters - See also Item 1 Business Government Regulations 
 Federal, state and local legislation in response to climate change has the potential to adversely impact the Company s operations and reduce demand for our products and services. 
 There is increasing attention in the United States and worldwide concerning the issue of climate change and the effect of greenhouse gas GHG emissions, from the combustion of carbon-based fossil fuels. Our heating oil and propane products are widely considered to be fossil fuels that produce GHG emissions. To combat the cause of global warming domestically, President Biden identified climate change as one of his administration s top priorities and pledged to seek measures that would pave the path for the U.S. to achieve net zero GHG emissions by 2050. On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act which aims to reduce GHG emissions by offering tax and other incentives desired to encourage homeowners to switch to alternative sources of energy than the ones we sell. In addition, the State of New York, where a majority of our operations are located, Massachusetts, Rhode Island and Connecticut and certain municipalities in our operating footprint have adopted laws, regulations and policies addressing climate change and restricting GHG emissions from fossil fuel burning systems. For additional information about climate change regulations affecting us, See Item 1 Business Government Regulations for a summary of certain laws, regulations and policies adopted by states and municipalities in our operating footprint addressing climate change and/or restricting GHG emissions from fossil-fuel burning systems. The federal, state and local climate change regulatory landscape is highly complex and rapidly and continuously evolving. At this time, while we cannot predict whether, when, which, or in what form climate change legislation provisions and GHG emission restrictions may be enacted and what the impact of any such legislation or standards 
 17 
 
 may have on our business, financial conditions or operations in the future, these measures could have a negative impact on our business over time or in the future. 
 Our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by environmental regulations, and regulatory costs. 
 Our business is subject to a wide range of federal, state and local laws and regulations related to environmental and other matters. Such laws and regulations have become increasingly stringent over time. We may experience increased costs due to stricter pollution control requirements or liabilities resulting from noncompliance with operating or other regulatory permits. New regulations, such as those relating to underground storage, transportation, and delivery of the products that we sell, might adversely impact operations or make them more costly. In addition, there are environmental risks inherently associated with home heating oil operations, such as the risks of accidental releases or spills. We have incurred and continue to incur costs to remediate soil and groundwater contamination at some of our locations. We cannot be sure that we have identified all such contamination, that we know the full extent of our obligations with respect to contamination of which we are aware, or that we will not become responsible for additional contamination not yet discovered. It is possible that material costs and liabilities will be incurred, including those relating to claims for damages to property and persons and the environment. For additional information about environmental and other regulations we are subject to, see Item 1 Business-Governmental Regulations. 
 We are subject to operating and litigation risks that could adversely affect our operating results whether or not covered by insurance. 
 Our operations are subject to all operating hazards and risks normally incidental to handling, storing, transporting and otherwise providing customers with our products such as natural disasters, adverse weather, accidents, fires, explosions, hazardous material releases, mechanical failures and other events beyond our control. If any of these events were to occur, we could incur substantial losses because of personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment, and pollution or other environmental damage resulting in curtailment or suspension of our related operations. As a result, we may be a defendant in legal proceedings and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company records a liability when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable. 
 As we self-insure workers compensation, automobile general liability and medical claims up to pre-established limits, we establish liabilities based upon expectations as to what our ultimate liability will be for claims based on our historical factors. We evaluate on an annual basis the potential for changes in loss estimates with the support of qualified actuaries. 
 Other than matters for which we self-insure, we maintain insurance policies with insurers in amounts and with coverage and deductibles that we believe are reasonable and prudent. However, there can be no assurance that the ultimate settlement of these claims will not differ materially from the assumptions used to calculate the liabilities or that the insurance we maintain will be adequate to protect us from all material expenses related to potential future claims. 
 
 Changes in tax laws or regulations may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 New income, sales, use or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be enacted at any time, which could adversely affect our business operations and financial performance. Further, existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to us. Changes to existing tax laws or the enactment of future reform legislation could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions to our unitholders. 
 
 18 
 
 Risks Related to Information Technology and Cybersecurity 
 We depend on the use of information technology systems that have been and may in the future be a target of cyber-attacks. 
 We rely on multiple information technology systems and networks that are maintained internally and by third-party vendors, and their failure or breach could significantly impede operations. In addition, our systems and networks, as well as those of our vendors, banks and counterparties, may receive and store personal or proprietary information in connection with human resources operations, customer offerings, and other aspects of our business. A cyber-attack or material network breach in the security of these systems could include the exfiltration, or other unauthorized access or disclosure, of proprietary information or employee and customer information, as well as disrupt our operations or damage our information technology infrastructure or those of third parties. 
 For example, in July 2021, we detected a security incident that resulted in the encryption of certain of our information technology systems. Promptly upon discovery of the incident, we launched an investigation with the assistance of an outside cybersecurity firm, notified law enforcement, and took steps to address the incident and restore full operations. As a result of our investigation of the incident, we do not believe any personal information belonging to customers was involved. However, we believe that an unauthorized third party exfiltrated and/or accessed certain employee personal identifying information PII and/or protected health information PHI relating to employee health insurance plans and human resources information, residing on some of the affected systems. We were able to continue to serve our customers without interruption. We do not believe that this incident had a material adverse effect on our business, operations or financial results. However, we cannot be certain that that similar cyber-attacks will not occur in the future. Any future cyber-attacks or incidents may have a material adverse effect on our business, operations or financial results. 
 Cyber-attacks are increasing in their frequency, levels of persistence, and sophistication and intensity. Furthermore, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to, or to disrupt, information technology systems change frequently, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement security measures that would prevent them. We may also experience security breaches that may remain undetected for an extended period. In addition, the information technology controls or legacy third party providers of an acquired business may be inadequate to prevent a future cyber-attack, unauthorized access or other data security breaches. If another cyber-attack were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and increase our operating and capital costs, which could reduce the amount of cash otherwise available for distribution. To the extent that a future cyber-attack, security breach or other such disruption results in a loss or damage to the Company s data, or the disclosure of PII, PHI or other personal or proprietary information, including customer or employee information, it could cause significant damage to the Company s reputation, affect relationships with its customers, vendors and employees, lead to claims against the Company, and ultimately harm our business. In addition, we may be required to incur additional costs to mitigate, remediate and protect against damage caused by cyber-attacks, security breaches or other such disruptions in the future. We have paid and may continue to pay significantly higher insurance premiums to maintain cyber insurance coverage, and even if we are able to maintain cyber insurance coverage, it may not be sufficient in amounts and scope to cover all harm sustained by the Company in any future cyber-attack or other data security incident. 
 19 
 
 Risks Related to Our Workforce 
 Our inability to identify, hire and retain qualified individuals for our workforce could slow our growth and adversely impact our ability to operate our business. 
 Our success depends in part upon our ability to attract, motivate and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees to meet the needs of our business. We have experienced and may continue to experience shortages of qualified individuals to fill available positions. We place a heavy emphasis on the qualification and training of our personnel and spend a significant amount of time and money on training our team members. Any inability to recruit and retain qualified individuals may result in higher turnover and increased labor costs, could compromise the quality of our service, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A substantial portion of our workforce is unionized, and we may face labor actions that could disrupt our operations or lead to higher labor costs and adversely affect our business. 
 As of September 30, 2023, approximately 44 of our employees were covered under 62 different collective bargaining agreements. As a result, we are usually involved in union negotiations with several local bargaining units at any given time. There can be no assurance that we will be able to negotiate the terms of any expired or expiring agreement on terms satisfactory to us. Although we consider our relations with our employees to be generally satisfactory, we may experience strikes, work stoppages or slowdowns in the future. If our unionized workers were to engage in a strike, work stoppage or other slowdown, we could experience a significant disruption of our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, our non-union employees may become subject to labor organizing efforts. If any of our current non-union facilities were to unionize, we could incur increased risk of work stoppages and potentially higher labor costs. 
 Our obligation to fund multi-employer pension plans to which we contribute may have an adverse impact on us. 
 We participate in a number of multi-employer pension plans for current and former union employees covered under collective bargaining agreements. The risks of participating in multi-employer plans are different from single-employer plans in that assets contributed are pooled and may be used to provide benefits to current and former employees of other participating employers. Several factors could require us to make significantly higher future contributions to these plans, including the funding status of the plan, unfavorable investment performance, insolvency or withdrawal of participating employers, changes in demographics and increased benefits to participants. Several of these multi-employer plans to which we contribute are underfunded, meaning that the value of such plans assets are less than the actuarial value of the plans benefit obligations. 
 We may be subject to additional liabilities imposed by law as a result of our participation in multi-employer defined benefit pension plans. Various Federal laws impose certain liabilities upon an employer who is a contributor to a multi-employer pension plan if the employer withdraws from the plan or the plan is terminated or experiences a mass withdrawal, potentially including an allocable share of the unfunded vested benefits in the plan for all plan participants, not just our retirees. Accordingly, we could be assessed our share of unfunded liabilities should we terminate participation in these plans, or should there be a mass withdrawal from these plans, or if the plans become insolvent or otherwise terminate. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Units 
 Conflicts of interest have arisen and could arise in the future. 
 Conflicts of interest have arisen and could arise in the future as a result of relationships between the general partner and its affiliates, on the one hand, and us or any of our limited partners, on the other hand. As a result of these conflicts, the general partner may favor its own interests and those of its affiliates over the interests of the unitholders. The nature of these conflicts is ongoing and includes the following considerations: 
 The general partner s affiliates are not prohibited from engaging in other business or activities, including direct competition with us. 

20 
 
 The general partner determines the amount and timing of asset purchases and sales, capital expenditures, distributions to unitholders, unit repurchases, and our capital structure, each of which can impact the amount of cash, if any, available for distribution to unitholders, and available to pay principal and interest on debt and the amount of incentive distributions payable in respect of the general partner units. 

The general partner decides whether to retain its counsel or engage separate counsel to perform services for us. 

Unitholders are deemed to have consented to some actions and conflicts of interest under the Partnership Agreement that might otherwise be deemed a breach of fiduciary or other duties under applicable state law. 

Under the Partnership Agreement, the general partner is allowed to take into account the interests of parties in addition to the Company in resolving conflicts of interest, thereby limiting its fiduciary duty to the unitholders. 

The general partner determines whether to issue additional units or other of our securities. 

The general partner is not restricted from causing us to pay the general partner or its affiliates for any services rendered on terms that are fair and reasonable to us or entering into additional contractual arrangements with any of these entities on our behalf. 

Cash distributions (if any) are not guaranteed and may fluctuate with performance and reserve requirements. 
 Distributions of available cash, if any, by us to unitholders will depend on the amount of cash generated, and distributions may fluctuate based on our performance. The actual amount of cash that is available for distribution will depend upon numerous factors, many of which are out of our control. 
 Our Credit Agreement imposes restrictions on our ability to pay distributions to unitholders, including the need to maintain certain covenants. (See the sixth amended and restated credit agreement and Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Long-Term Debt and Bank Facility Borrowings). 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, then we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, current and potential unitholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our common units. 
 Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports, prevent fraud and operate successfully as a public company. We may experience difficulties in implementing effective internal controls as part of our integration of acquisitions from private companies, which are not subject to the internal control requirements imposed on public companies. If we are unable to maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future or if the businesses we acquire have ineffective internal controls, our operating results could be harmed or we may fail to meet our reporting obligations. Ineffective internal controls over financial reporting could cause our unitholders to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our common units. 
 Our unitholder rights plan may discourage potential acquirers of the Company . 
 In March 2023, we adopted a unitholder rights plan, which provides, among other things, that when specified events occur, our unitholders will be entitled to purchase additional common units. The unitholders rights plan will expire on March 24, 2028, unless further extended. The common unit purchase rights are triggered ten days after the date of a public announcement that a person or group acting in concert has acquired, or obtained the right to acquire, beneficial ownership of 15 or more of our outstanding common units. The common unit purchase rights would cause significant dilution to a person or group that attempts to acquire the Company on terms that are not approved by the board of directors of the general partner. These provisions, either alone or in combination with each other, give our general partner a substantial ability to influence the outcome of a proposed acquisition of the Company. These provisions would apply even if an acquisition or other significant corporate transaction was considered beneficial by some of our unitholders. 
 21 
 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 Our substantial debt and other financial obligations could impair our financial condition and our ability to obtain additional financing and have a material adverse effect on us if we fail to meet our financial and other obligations. 
 At September 30, 2023, we had outstanding under our sixth amended and restated revolving credit facility agreement a 148.5 million term loan, 0.2 million under the revolver portion of the agreement, 3.2 million of letters of credit, 0.1 million hedge positions were secured under the credit agreement and our availability was 202.1 million. (See the sixth amended and restated credit agreement and Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Long-Term Debt and Bank Facility Borrowings). Our debt is often substantially higher during the heating season as we access our revolving credit facilities to finance accounts receivable and inventory balances. For example, our borrowings under the revolver peaked at 125.6 million during the fiscal 2023 heating season. Our substantial indebtedness and other financial obligations could: 
 impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, unit repurchases, paying distributions or general partnership purposes; 

have a material adverse effect on us if we fail to comply with financial and affirmative and restrictive covenants in our debt agreements and an event of default occurs that is not cured or waived; 

expose us to interest rate risk because certain of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest; 

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; and 

If we are unable to meet our debt service obligations and other financial obligations, we could be forced to restructure or refinance our indebtedness and other financial transactions, seek additional equity capital or sell our assets. We might then be unable to obtain such financing or capital or sell our assets on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
 We are not required to accumulate cash for the purpose of meeting our future obligations to our lenders, which may limit the cash available to service the final payment due on the term loan outstanding under our Credit Agreement. 
 Subject to the limitations on restricted payments that are contained in our Credit Agreement, we are not required to accumulate cash for the purpose of meeting our future obligations to our lenders. As a result, we may be required to refinance the final payment of our term loan, which is expected to be 82.6 million. Our ability to refinance the term loan will depend upon our future results of operation and financial condition as well as developments in the capital markets. Our general partner will determine the future use of our cash resources and has broad discretion in determining such uses and in establishing reserves for such uses, which may include but are not limited to, complying with the terms of any of our agreements or obligations providing for distributions of cash to our unitholders in accordance with the requirements of our Partnership Agreement, providing for future capital expenditures and other payments deemed by our general partner to be necessary or advisable, including to make acquisitions, and repurchasing common units. Depending on the timing and amount of our use of cash, this could significantly reduce the cash available to us in subsequent periods to make payments on borrowings under our Credit Agreement. 
 Restrictive covenants in our Credit Agreement may reduce our operating flexibility. 
 Our Credit Agreement contains various covenants that limit our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to, among other things, incur indebtedness, make distributions to our unitholders, purchase or redeem our outstanding equity interests, sell assets, and engage in other lines of business. 
 These restrictions could limit our ability to obtain future financings, make capital expenditures, withstand a future downturn in our business or the economy in general, conduct operations or otherwise take advantage of business opportunities that may arise. Our Credit Agreement also requires us to maintain specified financial ratios and satisfy other financial conditions. Our ability to meet those financial ratios and conditions can be affected by events beyond our control, such as weather conditions and general economic conditions. Accordingly, we may be unable to meet those ratios and conditions. 
 22 
 
 Any breach of any of these covenants, failure to meet any of these ratios or conditions, or occurrence of a change of control would result in a default under the terms of the Credit Agreement and cause the amounts borrowed to become immediately due and payable. If we were unable to repay those amounts, the lenders could initiate a bankruptcy proceeding or liquidation proceeding or proceed against the collateral, if any. If the lenders of our indebtedness or other financial obligations accelerate the repayment of borrowings or other amounts owed, we may not have sufficient assets to repay our indebtedness or other financial obligations. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Recessionary Economic Conditions and rapid inflation could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our business and results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in national or global economic conditions, including inflation, interest rates, availability of capital markets, consumer spending rates, unemployment rates, rising health care costs, energy availability and costs, the negative impacts caused by global conflicts, pandemics and public health crises, and the effects of governmental initiatives to manage economic conditions. Volatility in financial markets and deterioration of national and global economic conditions, including rapid increases in inflation, have impacted, and may again impact, our business and operations in a variety of ways. Uncertainty about economic conditions poses a risk as our customers may reduce or postpone spending in response to tighter credit, negative financial news and/or declines in income or asset values, which could have a material negative effect on the demand for our products and services and could lead to increased conservation, as we have seen certain of our customers seek lower cost providers. In addition, recessionary economic conditions could negatively impact the spending and financial viability of our customers. As a result, we could experience an increase in bad debts from financially distressed customers, which would have a negative effect on our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition . 
 Disruptions in our supply chain and other factors affecting the delivery of our products and services could adversely impact our business. 
 A disruption within our supply chain network due to unforeseen events beyond our control could adversely affect our ability to deliver our products and services in a timely manner, cause an increase in wholesale prices and a decrease in supply, lost sales, customer attrition, increased supply chain costs, or damage to our reputation. Such disruptions may result from weather-related events; natural disasters; international trade disputes or trade policy changes or restrictions; tariffs or import-related taxes; third-party strikes, lock-outs, work stoppages or slowdowns; shortages of supply chain labor, including truck drivers; shipping capacity constraints, including shortages of related equipment; third-party contract disputes; supply or shipping interruptions or costs; military conflicts; acts of terrorism; public health issues, including pandemics and related shut-downs, re-openings, or other actions by the government; civil unrest; or other factors beyond our control. Disruptions to our supply chain due to any of the factors listed above could negatively impact our financial performance or financial condition. 
 If service at our third-party terminals, the common carrier pipelines used or the barge companies we hire to move product is interrupted, our operations would be adversely affected. 
 The products that we sell are transported in either barge, pipeline or in truckload quantities to third-party terminals where we have contracts to temporarily store our products. Any significant interruption in the service of these third-party terminals, the common carrier pipelines used or the barge companies that we hire to move product would adversely affect our ability to obtain product. 
 Energy efficiency and new technology may reduce the demand for our products and adversely affect our operating results. 
 Increased conservation and technological advances, including installation of improved insulation and the development of more efficient furnaces and other heating devices, such as electric heat pumps, have adversely affected the demand for our products by retail customers. Future conservation measures or technological advances in heating, conservation, energy generation or other devices might reduce demand and adversely affect our operating results. 
 23 
 
 The risk of global terrorism, political unrest and war may adversely affect the economy and the price and availability of the products that we sell and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Terrorist attacks, political unrest and war may adversely impact the price and availability of the products that we sell, our results of operations, our ability to raise debt or equity capital and our future growth. As discussed above under Risk Factors - Increases in wholesale product costs may have adverse effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity, we believe that the war in Ukraine and other geopolitical forces have caused a sustained period of high wholesale product costs, which has impacted our profit margins and operating results. An act of terror could result in disruptions of crude oil supplies, markets and facilities, and the source of the products that we sell could be direct or indirect targets. Terrorist activity may also hinder our ability to transport our products if our normal means of transportation become damaged as a result of an attack. Instability in the financial markets as a result of terrorism could also affect our ability to raise capital. Terrorist activity could likely lead to increased volatility in the prices of our products. 
 ITEM 1B. 	 UNRESOLVE D STAFF COMMENTS 
 Not applicable. 
 ITEM 2. 	 PR O PERTIES 
 We currently provide services to our customers in the United States in twelve states and the District of Columbia, ranging from Massachusetts to Maryland from 40 principal operating locations and 78 depots, 55 of which are owned and 63 of which are leased. As of September 30, 2023, we had a fleet of approximately 1,118 truck and transport vehicles, the majority of which were owned, 1,189 service and 389 support vehicles, the majority of which were leased. Our obligations under our Credit Agreement are secured by liens and mortgages on substantially all of the Company s and subsidiaries real and personal property. 
 ITEM 3. 	 LEGAL PROCE EDINGS LITIGATION 
 We are involved from time to time in litigation incidental to the conduct of our business, but we are not currently a party to any material lawsuit or proceeding. 
 ITEM 4. 	 MINE SAF ETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 24 
 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5. 	 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S UNITS AND RELATED MATTERS 
 The common units, representing limited partner interests in Star, are listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. NYSE under the symbol SGU. 
 The following tables set forth the range of the daily high and low sales prices per common unit and the cash distributions declared on each unit for the periods indicated. 

SGU Common Unit Price Range 

Distributions Declared 

High 

Low 

per Unit 

Fiscal 

Fiscal 

Fiscal 

Fiscal 

Fiscal 

Fiscal 

Year 

Year 

Year 

Year 

Year 

Year 

Quarter Ended 
 
 2023 

2022 

2023 

2022 

2023 

2022 

December 31, 

12.20 

11.35 

8.10 

9.85 

0.1525 

0.1425 

March 31, 

13.33 

11.28 

10.98 

9.75 

0.1525 

0.1425 

June 30, 

15.22 

11.67 

12.34 

9.08 

0.1625 

0.1525 

September 30, 

14.00 

10.15 

11.31 

8.00 

0.1625 

0.1525 

As of November 30, 2023, there were approximately 189 holders of record of common units. 
 There is no established public trading market for the Company s 0.3 million general partner units. 
 Distribution Provisions 
 We are required to make distributions in an amount equal to our Available Cash, as defined in our Partnership Agreement, no more than 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, to holders of record on the applicable record dates. Available Cash, as defined in our Partnership Agreement, generally means all cash on hand at the end of the relevant fiscal quarter less the amount of cash reserves established by the Board of Directors of our general partner in its reasonable discretion for future cash requirements. These reserves are established for the proper conduct of our business (including reserves for future capital expenditures) for minimum quarterly distributions during the next four quarters and to comply with applicable laws and the terms of any debt agreements or other agreement to which we are subject. The Board of Directors of our general partner reviews the level of Available Cash each quarter based upon information provided by management. 
 According to the terms of our Partnership Agreement, minimum quarterly distributions on the common units accrue at the rate of 0.0675 per quarter 0.27 on an annual basis). The information concerning restrictions on distributions required by Item 5 of this Report is incorporated by reference to Note 4 to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements - Quarterly Distribution of Available Cash. The Credit Agreement imposes certain restrictions on our ability to pay distributions to unitholders. In order to pay any distributions to unitholders or repurchase Common Units, the Company must maintain Availability (as defined in the Credit Agreement) of 60 million, 15 of the facility size of 400 million (assuming the non-seasonal aggregate commitment is in effect), on a historical pro forma and forward-looking basis, and a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.0 through February 27, 2024 and 1.15 thereafter measured as of the date of repurchase or distribution. (See Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Long-Term Debt and Bank Facility Borrowings). 
 On October 10, 2023, we declared a quarterly distribution of 0.1625 per unit, or 0.65 per unit on an annualized basis, on all Common Units with respect to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, paid on October 30, 2023, to holders of record on October 20, 2023. The amount of distributions in excess of the minimum quarterly distribution of 0.0675, were distributed in accordance with our Partnership Agreement, subject to management incentive compensation plan. As a result, 5.8 million was paid to the Common Unit holders, 0.3 million to the general partner unit holders (including 0.3 million of incentive distribution as provided in our Partnership Agreement) and 0.3 million to management pursuant to the management incentive compensation plan which provides for certain members of management to receive incentive distributions that would otherwise be payable to the General Partner. 
 25 
 
 Common Unit Repurchase Plans and Retirement 
 Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements concerning the Company s repurchase of Common Units during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 is incorporated into this Item 5 by reference. 
 
 ITEM 6. 	 (RES E RVED) 
 26 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Disclosure 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report includes forward-looking statements which represent our expectations or beliefs concerning future events that involve risks and uncertainties, including the impact of geopolitical events on wholesale product cost volatility, the price and supply of the products that we sell, our ability to purchase sufficient quantities of product to meet our customer s needs, rapid increases in levels of inflation, the consumption patterns of our customers, our ability to obtain satisfactory gross profit margins, the effect of weather conditions on our financial performance, our ability to obtain new customers and retain existing customers, our ability to make strategic acquisitions, the impact of litigation, natural gas conversions and electrification of heating systems, pandemic and future global health pandemics, recessionary economic conditions, future union relations and the outcome of current and future union negotiations, the impact of current and future governmental regulations, including climate change, environmental, health, and safety regulations, the ability to attract and retain employees, customer credit worthiness, counterparty credit worthiness, marketing plans, cyber-attacks, global supply chain issues, labor shortages and new technology, including alternative methods for heating and cooling residences. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this Report including, without limitation, the statements under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere herein, are forward-looking statements. Without limiting the foregoing, the words believe, anticipate, plan, expect, seek, estimate, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Actual results may differ materially from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those set forth in this Report under the headings Risk Factors, Business Strategy and Management s Discussion and Analysis. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations Cautionary Statements are disclosed in this Report. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the Cautionary Statements. Unless otherwise required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise after the date of this Report. 
 Liquid Product Price Volatility 
 Volatility, which is reflected in the wholesale price of liquid products, including home heating oil, propane and motor fuels, has a larger impact on our business when prices rise. Home heating oil consumers are sensitive to heating cost increases, and this often leads to customer conservation and increased gross customer losses. As a commodity, the price of home heating oil is generally impacted by many factors, including economic and geopolitical forces and is closely linked to the price of diesel fuel. The volatility in the wholesale cost of diesel fuel as measured by the New York Mercantile Exchange NYMEX ), for the fiscal years ending September 30, 2019, through 2023, on a quarterly basis, is illustrated in the following chart (price per gallon): 

Fiscal 2023 (a) 

Fiscal 2022 

Fiscal 2021 

Fiscal 2020 

Fiscal 2019 

Quarter Ended 
 
 Low 

High 

Low 

High 

Low 

High 

Low 

High 

Low 

High 

December 31 

2.78 

4.55 

2.06 

2.59 

1.08 

1.51 

1.86 

2.05 

1.66 

2.44 

March 31 

2.61 

3.55 

2.36 

4.44 

1.46 

1.97 

0.95 

2.06 

1.70 

2.04 

June 30 

2.23 

2.73 

3.27 

5.14 

1.77 

2.16 

0.61 

1.22 

1.78 

2.12 

September 30 

2.38 

3.48 

3.13 

4.01 

1.91 

2.34 

1.08 

1.28 

1.75 

2.08 

a) On November 30, 2023, the NYMEX ultra low sulfur diesel contract closed at 2.83 per gallon. 

Income Taxes 
 Book versus Tax Deductions 
 The amount of cash flow generated in any given year depends upon a variety of factors including the amount of cash income taxes required, which will increase as depreciation and amortization decreases. The amount of depreciation and amortization that we deduct for book (i.e., financial reporting) purposes will differ from the amount 
 27 
 
 that the Company can deduct for Federal tax purposes. The table below compares the estimated depreciation and amortization for book purposes to the amount that we expect to deduct for Federal tax purposes, based on currently owned assets. While we file our tax returns based on a calendar year, the amounts below are based on our September 30 fiscal year, and the tax amounts include any 100 bonus depreciation available for fixed assets purchased. However, this table does not include any forecast of future annual capital purchases. 
 Estimated Depreciation and Amortization Expense 

(in thousands) Fiscal Year 
 
 Book 

Tax 

2023 

33,434 

32,739 

2024 

28,251 

25,263 

2025 

23,566 

22,261 

2026 

19,182 

21,406 

2027 

17,122 

19,534 

2028 

13,494 

18,247 

Weather Hedge Contracts 
 Weather conditions have a significant impact on the demand for home heating oil and propane because certain customers depend on these products principally for space heating purposes. Actual weather conditions may vary substantially from year to year, significantly affecting the Company s financial performance. To partially mitigate the adverse effect of warm weather on cash flow, we have used weather hedging contracts for a number of years with several providers. 
 Under these contracts, we are entitled to a payment if the total number of degree days within the hedge period is less than the applicable Payment Thresholds, or strikes. For fiscal 2022 and 2023 we entered into weather hedging contracts under which we were entitled to an annual payment capped at 12.5 million if degree days were less than the Payment Threshold and we were obligated to make an annual payment capped at 5.0 million if degree days exceed the Payment Threshold. The hedge period ran from November 1 through March 31, taken as a whole, for each respective fiscal year. The temperatures experienced during the hedge period through March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 were warmer than the Payment Thresholds in our weather hedge contracts. As a result for the fiscal 2023 and 2022, the Company reduced delivery and branch expenses for the gains realized under those contracts of 12.5 million and 1.1 million, respectively. The amounts were received in full in April 2023 and April 2022, respectively. 
 For fiscal 2024, the Company entered into a weather hedge contract with the similar hedge period described above. The maximum that the Company can receive is 12.5 million annually and the Company has no obligation to pay the counterparty beyond the initial premium should degree days exceed the Payment Threshold. 
 Per Gallon Gross Profit Margins 
 We believe home heating oil and propane margins should be evaluated on a cents per gallon basis (before the effects of increases or decreases in the fair value of derivative instruments), as we believe that such per gallon margins are best at showing profit trends in the underlying business, without the impact of non-cash changes in the market value of hedges before the settlement of the underlying transaction. 
 A significant portion of our home heating oil volume is sold to individual customers under an arrangement pre-establishing a ceiling price or fixed price for home heating oil over a set period of time, generally twelve to twenty-four months price-protected customers). When these price-protected customers agree to purchase home heating oil from us for the next heating season, we purchase option contracts, swaps and futures contracts for a substantial majority of the heating oil that we expect to sell to these customers. The amount of home heating oil volume that we hedge per price-protected customer is based upon the estimated fuel consumption per average customer per month. In the event that the actual usage exceeds the amount of the hedged volume on a monthly basis, we may be required to obtain additional volume at unfavorable costs. In addition, should actual usage in any month be less than the hedged volume, our hedging costs and losses could be greater, thus reducing expected margins. 
 28 
 
 Derivatives 
 FASB ASC 815-10-05 Derivatives and Hedging requires that derivative instruments be recorded at fair value and included in the consolidated balance sheet as assets or liabilities. To the extent our interest rate derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges are effective, as defined under this guidance, changes in fair value are recognized in other comprehensive income until the forecasted hedged item is recognized in earnings. We have elected not to designate our commodity derivative instruments as hedging instruments under this guidance and, as a result, the changes in fair value of the derivative instruments are recognized in our statement of operations. Therefore, we experience volatility in earnings as outstanding derivative instruments are marked to market and non-cash gains and losses are recorded prior to the sale of the commodity to the customer. The volatility in any given period related to unrealized non-cash gains or losses on derivative instruments can be significant to our overall results. However, we ultimately expect those gains and losses to be offset by the cost of product when purchased. 
 Customer Attrition 
 We measure net customer attrition on an ongoing basis for our full service residential and commercial home heating oil and propane customers. Net customer attrition is the difference between gross customer losses and customers added through marketing efforts. Customers added through acquisitions are not included in the calculation of gross customer gains. However, additional customers that are obtained through marketing efforts or lost at newly acquired businesses are included in these calculations from the point of closing going forward. Customer attrition percentage calculations include customers added through acquisitions in the denominators of the calculations on a weighted average basis from the closing date. Gross customer losses are the result of a number of factors, including price competition, move-outs, credit losses, conversions to natural gas and service disruptions. When a customer moves out of an existing home, we count the move out as a loss, and if we are successful in signing up the new homeowner, the move in is treated as a gain. The impact of certain geopolitical forces on liquid product prices could increase future attrition due to higher losses from credit related issues. 
 Customer gains and losses of home heating oil and propane customers 

Fiscal Year Ended 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Net 

Net 

Net 

Gross Customer 

Gains / 

Gross Customer 

Gains / 

Gross Customer 

Gains / 

Gains 

Losses 

(Attrition) 

Gains 

Losses 

(Attrition) 

Gains 

Losses 

(Attrition) 

First Quarter 

26,500 

19,500 

7,000 

19,800 

18,500 

1,300 

19,100 

19,900 

(800) 

Second Quarter 

9,300 

18,100 

(8,800) 

12,700 

17,300 

(4,600) 

12,600 

17,800 

(5,200) 

Third Quarter 

5,300 

12,600 

(7,300) 

6,400 

14,300 

(7,900) 

6,700 

12,300 

(5,600) 

Fourth Quarter 

8,900 

14,600 

(5,700) 

11,400 

15,800 

(4,400) 

9,500 

14,900 

(5,400) 

Total 

50,000 

64,800 

(14,800) 

50,300 

65,900 

(15,600) 

47,900 

64,900 

(17,000) 

Customer gains (attrition) as a percentage of home heating oil and propane customer base 

Fiscal Year Ended 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Gross Customer 

Net 

Gross Customer 

Net 

Gross Customer 

Net 

Gains 

Losses 

Gains / (Attrition) 

Gains 

Losses 

Gains / (Attrition) 

Gains 

Losses 

Gains / (Attrition) 

First Quarter 

6.4 

4.7 

1.7 

4.7 

4.4 

0.3 

4.4 

4.6 

(0.2) 

Second Quarter 

2.2 

4.3 

(2.1) 

3.0 

4.1 

(1.1) 

2.9 

4.1 

(1.2) 

Third Quarter 

1.3 

3.1 

(1.8) 

1.5 

3.4 

(1.9) 

1.3 

2.6 

(1.3) 

Fourth Quarter 

2.1 

3.5 

(1.4) 

2.7 

3.7 

(1.0) 

2.1 

3.3 

(1.2) 

Total 

12.0 

15.6 

(3.6) 

11.9 

15.6 

(3.7) 

10.7 

14.6 

(3.9) 

29 
 
 For fiscal 2023, the Company lost 14,800 accounts (net), or 3.6 , of its home heating oil and propane customer base, compared to 15,600 accounts lost (net), or 3.7 , of its home heating oil and propane customer base, during fiscal 2022. Gross customer gains were 300 lower than the prior year s comparable period, and gross customer losses were 1,100 accounts lower primarily due to reduction in the number of customer relocations. 
 For fiscal 2022, the Company lost 15,600 accounts (net), or 3.7 , of its home heating oil and propane customer base, compared to 17,000 accounts lost (net), or 3.9 , of its home heating oil and propane customer base, during fiscal 2021. Gross customer gains were 2,400 higher than the prior year s comparable period, and gross customer losses were 1,000 accounts higher primarily due to product prices, customer credit cancellations and fuel conversions. 
 During fiscal 2023, we estimate that we lost (1.6 of our home heating oil and propane accounts to natural gas and electricity conversions versus (1.5 for fiscal 2022 and (1.1 for fiscal 2021. Losses to natural gas and electricity in our footprint for the heating oil and propane industry could be greater or less than the Company s estimates. 
 Acquisitions 
 The timing of acquisitions and the types of products sold by acquired companies impact year-over-year comparisons. Subsequent to September 30, 2023 the Company acquired two heating oil businesses for approximately 2.5 million. During fiscal 2023, the Company acquired two heating oil businesses and one propane business for approximately 19.8 million. During fiscal 2022, the Company acquired five heating oil businesses for approximately 15.6 million. The following tables detail the Company s acquisition activity and the associated volume sold during the 12-month period prior to the date of acquisition. 

(in thousands of gallons) 

Fiscal 2024 Acquisitions 

Acquisition Number 
 
 Month of Acquisition 
 
 Home Heating Oil and Propane 

Motor Fuel and Other Petroleum Products 

Total 

1 
 
 November 

1,210 

222 

1,432 

2 
 
 November 

885 

369 

1,254 

2,095 

591 

2,686 

(in thousands of gallons) 

Fiscal 2023 Acquisitions 

Acquisition Number 
 
 Month of Acquisition 
 
 Home Heating Oil and Propane 

Motor Fuel and Other Petroleum Products 

Total 

1 
 
 October 

556 

403 

959 

2 
 
 November 

494 

494 

3 
 
 August 

1,447 

1,447 

2,497 

403 

2,900 

(in thousands of gallons) 

Fiscal 2022 Acquisitions 

Acquisition Number 
 
 Month of Acquisition 
 
 Home Heating Oil and Propane 

Motor Fuel and Other Petroleum Products 

Total 

1 
 
 October 

437 

48 

485 

2 
 
 December 

741 

741 

3 
 
 December 

1,768 

1,768 

4 
 
 March 

1,225 

446 

1,671 

5 
 
 April 

3,678 

166 

3,844 

7,849 

660 

8,509 

30 
 
 Sale of Certain Assets 
 In October 2022 we sold certain assets, which included a customer list of approximately 6,500 customers, for 2.7 million (including a deferred purchase price of 0.5 million). The following table details sales generated from the assets sold: 

Years Ended September 30, 

(in thousands) 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Volume: 

Home heating oil and propane 
 
 2,147 

2,163 

2,345 

Motor fuel and other petroleum products 
 
 27 

37 

38 

Sales: 

Petroleum products 
 
 9,355 

6,102 

6,524 

Installations and services 
 
 1,323 

1,384 

1,292 

Total Sales 
 
 10,678 

7,486 

7,816 

Protected Price Account Renewals 
 A substantial majority of the Company s price-protected customers have agreements with us that are subject to annual renewal in the period between April and November of each fiscal year. If a significant number of these customers elect not to renew their price-protected agreements with us and do not continue as our customers under a variable price-plan, the Company s near term profitability, liquidity and cash flow will be adversely impacted. 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 The following is a discussion of the consolidated results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries and should be read in conjunction with the historical financial and operating data and Notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 31 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2023 
 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2022 
 Volume 
 For fiscal 2023, the retail volume of home heating oil and propane sold decreased by 36.9 million gallons, or 12.5 , to 259.2 million gallons, compared to 296.1 million gallons for fiscal 2022. For those locations where we had existing operations during both periods, which we sometimes refer to as the base business (i.e., excluding acquisitions), temperatures (measured on a heating degree day basis) for fiscal 2023 were the third warmest in the last 123 years in the New York City metropolitan area. For fiscal 2023 temperatures were 7.7 warmer than fiscal 2022 and 16.3 warmer than normal, as reported by NOAA. For fiscal 2023, net customer attrition for the base business was 3.5 . The impact of fuel conservation, along with any period-to-period differences in delivery scheduling, the timing of accounts added or lost during the fiscal years, equipment efficiency, and other volume variances not otherwise described, are included in the chart below under the heading Other. An analysis of the change in the retail volume of home heating oil and propane, which is based on management s estimates, sampling, and other mathematical calculations and certain assumptions, is found below: 

Heating Oil 

(in millions of gallons) 
 
 and Propane 

Volume - Fiscal 2022 

296.1 

Net customer attrition 

(12.1) 

Impact of warmer temperatures 

(20.7) 

Acquisitions 

3.5 

Sale of certain assets 

(2.0) 

Other 

(5.6) 

Change 

(36.9) 

Volume - Fiscal 2023 

259.2 

The following chart sets forth the percentage by volume of total home heating oil sold to residential variable-price customers, residential price-protected customers, and commercial/industrial/other customers for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022: 

Twelve Months Ended 

Customers 
 
 September 30, 2023 

September 30, 2022 

Residential Variable 

42.1 

44.0 

Residential Price-Protected (Ceiling and Fixed Price) 

44.9 

43.3 

Commercial/Industrial/Other 

13.0 

12.7 

Total 

100.0 

100.0 

Volume of motor fuel and other petroleum products sold decreased by 11.1 million gallons, or 7.4 , to 139.0 million gallons for fiscal 2023, compared to 150.1 million gallons for fiscal 2022. 
 Product Sales 
 For fiscal 2023, product sales decreased 47.6 million, or 2.8 , to 1,650.7 million, compared to 1,698.3 million in fiscal 2022, due to a decrease in total volume sold of 10.8 that was partially offset by a 0.2457 per gallon, or 8.8 increase in wholesale product cost. Product volumes and wholesale product cost include heating oil, propane, motor fuels and other petroleum products. 
 Installations and Services Sales 
 For fiscal 2023, installation and service sales decreased 6.2 million, or 2.0 , to 302.1 million, compared to 308.3 million for fiscal 2022, as a decrease in installation sales of 6.3 million primarily as a result of the warmer temperatures was partially offset by an increase in service revenue of 0.1 million. 
 32 
 
 Cost of Product 
 For fiscal 2023, cost of product decreased 35.4 million, or 2.9 , to 1,204.2 million, compared to 1,239.6 million for fiscal 2022, due to a decrease in total volume sold of 10.8 that was partially offset by a 0.2457 per gallon, or 8.8 , increase in wholesale product. 
 Gross Profit Product 
 The table below calculates our per gallon margins and reconciles product gross profit for home heating oil and propane and motor fuel and other petroleum products. We believe the change in home heating oil and propane margins should be evaluated before the effects of increases or decreases in the fair value of derivative instruments, as we believe that realized per gallon margins should not include the impact of non-cash changes in the market value of hedges before the settlement of the underlying transaction. On that basis, home heating oil and propane margins for fiscal 2023 increased by 0.1561 per gallon, or 11.2 , to 1.5496 per gallon, from 1.3935 per gallon during fiscal 2022. We cannot assume that the per gallon margins realized during fiscal 2023 are sustainable for future periods. Product sales and cost of product include home heating oil, propane, motor fuel, other petroleum products and liquidated damages billings. 

Twelve Months Ended 

September 30, 2023 

September 30, 2022 

Home Heating Oil and Propane 
 
 Amount (in millions) 

Per Gallon 

Amount (in millions) 

Per Gallon 

Volume 

259.2 

296.1 

Sales 

1,202.2 

4.6384 

1,170.6 

3.9539 

Cost 

800.6 

3.0888 

758.0 

2.5604 

Gross Profit 

401.6 

1.5496 

412.6 

1.3935 

Motor Fuel and Other Petroleum Products 
 
 Amount (in millions) 

Per Gallon 

Amount (in millions) 

Per Gallon 

Volume 

139.0 

150.1 

Sales 

448.5 

3.2266 

527.7 

3.5156 

Cost 

403.6 

2.9034 

481.6 

3.2083 

Gross Profit 

44.9 

0.3232 

46.1 

0.3073 

Total Product 
 
 Amount (in millions) 

Amount (in millions) 

Sales 

1,650.7 

1,698.3 

Cost 

1,204.2 

1,239.6 

Gross Profit 

446.5 

458.7 

For fiscal 2023, total product gross profit was 446.5 million, which was 12.2 million, or 2.6 , lower than fiscal 2022, as a decrease in home heating oil and propane volume sold 51.4 million) and a decrease in gross profit from other petroleum products 1.2 million) was partially offset by the impact of an increase in home heating oil and propane margins 40.4 million). 
 Cost of Installations and Services 
 Total installation costs for fiscal 2023 decreased by 3.6 million or 3.6 , to 95.2 million, compared to 98.8 million of installation costs for fiscal 2022, primarily due to lower installation revenues. Installation costs as a percentage of installation sales were 83.0 for fiscal 2023 and 81.6 for fiscal 2022. Gross profit from installations decreased by 2.7 million due in part to reduced installation sales primarily as a result of the warmer temperatures. 
 Service expense decreased by 1.2 million, or 0.7 , to 182.7 million for fiscal 2023, representing 97.5 of service sales, versus 183.9 million, or 98.2 of service sales, for fiscal 2022. A large proportion of our service expenses are incurred under fixed-fee prepaid service contract arrangements, therefore trends in service expenses may not directly correlate to trends in the related revenues. Gross profit from service increased 1.3 million. 
 33 
 
 We realized a combined gross profit from services and installations of 24.2 million for fiscal 2023 compared to a combined gross profit of 25.6 million for fiscal 2022, a 1.4 million decrease in profitability. 
 (Increase) Decrease in the Fair Value of Derivative Instruments 
 During fiscal 2023, the change in the fair value of derivative instruments resulted in a 2.0 million charge as an increase in the market value for unexpired hedges (a 3.9 million credit) was more than offset by a 5.9 million charge due to the expiration of certain hedged positions. 
 During fiscal 2022, the change in the fair value of derivative instruments resulted in a 17.3 million charge as an increase in the market value for unexpired hedges (a 4.9 million credit) was more than offset by a 22.2 million charge due to the expiration of certain hedged positions. 
 Delivery and Branch Expenses 
 For fiscal 2023, delivery and branch expenses increased 0.1 million to 353.6 million, compared to 353.5 million for fiscal 2022, due to a 9.3 million, or 2.7 , increase in expense within the base business and additional costs from acquisitions of 2.2 million, that was partially offset by an 11.4 million higher benefit recorded from the Company s weather hedge. The increase in base business expenses was driven by a 4.5 million increase in bad debts and credit card fees, a 2.6 million increase in insurance claims expense, a 2.0 million increase in vehicle fuel expenses due to higher diesel and gasoline costs, and 0.2 million of other net expense increases. Temperatures for the fiscal 2023 were 7.7 warmer fiscal 2022 and 16.3 warmer than normal, as reported by NOAA. For fiscal 2023 we recorded a benefit of 12.5 million under our weather hedge program that decreased delivery and branch expenses, versus a benefit of 1.1 million for fiscal 2022. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expenses 
 For fiscal 2023, depreciation and amortization expense decreased 0.2 million, or 0.8 , to 32.4 million, compared to 32.6 million for fiscal 2022, primarily due to lower amortization expense related to intangible assets that fully amortized in the prior fiscal year. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 For fiscal 2023, general and administrative expenses increased 0.9 million, or 3.6 , to 25.8 million, compared to 24.9 million for fiscal 2022, due to a 1.6 million increase in the Company's frozen pension expense and 0.6 million of increases in salaries and benefits expenses that were partially offset by a 0.8 million decrease in profit sharing expense and 0.5 million of other net expense decreases. The Company accrues approximately 6.0 of Adjusted EBITDA as defined in its profit sharing plan for distribution to its employees. This amount is payable when the Company achieves Adjusted EBITDA of at least 70 of the amount budgeted. The dollar amount of the profit sharing pool adjusts accordingly based on Adjusted EBITDA levels achieved. 
 Finance Charge Income 
 For fiscal 2023, finance charge income increased by 1.0 million, or 22.4 , to 5.5 million compared to 4.5 million for fiscal 2022, primarily due to higher customer late payment charges. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 For fiscal 2023, net interest expense increased by 5.0 million, or 48.3 , to 15.5 million compared to 10.5 million for fiscal 2022. The year-over-year change was driven by an increase in the weighted average interest rate from 3.7 for fiscal 2022 to 6.5 for 2023. To hedge against rising interest rates, the Company utilizes interest rate swaps. At September 30, 2023, approximately 37 of borrowings under Star's variable-rate long term debt were not subject to interest rate increases. 
 Amortization of Debt Issuance Costs 
 For fiscal 2023, amortization of debt issuance costs increased to 1.1 million from 1.0 million for fiscal 2022. 
 34 
 
 Income Tax Expense 
 For fiscal 2023, the Company s income tax expense increased by 0.3 million to 14.0 million, from 13.7 million for fiscal 2022. The increase was driven primarily by permanent tax differences and other items which increased the effective income tax rate from 28.0 for fiscal 2022 to 30.4 for fiscal 2023 that was partially offset by a 3.1 million decline in income before income taxes. 
 Net Income 
 For fiscal 2023, net income decreased 3.4 million, or 9.5 , to 31.9 million, primarily due a 13.5 million decrease in Adjusted EBITDA and a 5.0 million increase in interest expense, that was partially offset by a 15.3 million favorable change in the fair value of derivative instruments. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 For fiscal 2023, Adjusted EBITDA decreased by 13.5 million, or 12.2 , to 96.9 million compared to fiscal 2022, as a decrease in home heating oil and propane volume of 36.9 million gallons more than offset an increase in per gallon margins and an 11.4 million higher benefit recorded from the Company s weather hedge. Temperatures for the fiscal 2023 were the third warmest in the last 123 years in the New York City metropolitan area. Temperatures were 7.7 warmer than fiscal 2022 and 16.3 warmer than normal, as reported by NOAA. For fiscal 2023, the Company recorded a benefit of 12.5 million under its weather hedge program that decreased delivery and branch expenses, versus a benefit of 1.1 million for fiscal 2022. 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to net income (as an indicator of operating performance) or as an alternative to cash flow (as a measure of liquidity or ability to service debt obligations), but provide additional information for evaluating the Company s ability to make the Minimum Quarterly Distribution. 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are calculated as follows: 

Twelve Months Ended September 30, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2023 

2022 

Net income 

31,945 

35,288 

Plus: 

Income tax expense 

13,984 

13,738 

Amortization of debt issuance cost 

1,084 

955 

Interest expense, net 

15,532 

10,472 

Depreciation and amortization 

32,350 

32,598 

EBITDA (a) 

94,895 

93,051 

(Increase) / decrease in the fair value of derivative instruments 

1,977 

17,286 

Adjusted EBITDA (a) 

96,872 

110,337 

Add / (subtract) 

Income tax expense 

(13,984) 

(13,738) 

Interest expense, net 

(15,532) 

(10,472) 

Provision for losses on accounts receivable 

9,761 

5,411 

Decrease (increase) in receivables 

15,566 

(43,463) 

Decrease (increase) in inventories 

26,994 

(21,105) 

Increase in customer credit balances 

17,585 

5,804 

Change in deferred taxes 

(501) 

(3,181) 

Change in other operating assets and liabilities 

(13,103) 

4,314 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

123,658 

33,907 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(28,197) 

(32,626) 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

(64,890) 

8,572 

35 
 
 (a) EBITDA (Earnings from continuing operations before net interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization) and Adjusted EBITDA (Earnings from continuing operations before net interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, (increase) decrease in the fair value of derivatives, other income (loss), net, multiemployer pension plan withdrawal charge, gain or loss on debt redemption, goodwill impairment, and other non-cash and non-operating charges) are non-GAAP financial measures that are used as supplemental financial measures by management and external users of our financial statements, such as investors, commercial banks and research analysts, to assess: 

our compliance with certain financial covenants included in our debt agreements; 

our financial performance without regard to financing methods, capital structure, income taxes or historical cost basis; 

our operating performance and return on invested capital compared to those of other companies in the retail distribution of refined petroleum products, without regard to financing methods and capital structure; 

our ability to generate cash sufficient to pay interest on our indebtedness and to make distributions to our partners; and 

the viability of acquisitions and capital expenditure projects and the overall rates of return of alternative investment opportunities. 

The method of calculating Adjusted EBITDA may not be consistent with that of other companies, and EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA both have limitations as analytical tools and so should not be viewed in isolation and should be viewed in conjunction with measurements that are computed in accordance with GAAP. Some of the limitations of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are: 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect our cash used for capital expenditures; 

Although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated or amortized often will have to be replaced and EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect the cash requirements for such replacements; 

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital requirements; 

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect the cash necessary to make payments of interest or principal on our indebtedness; and 

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect the cash required to pay taxes. 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2022 
 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2021 
 See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations within the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 for the fiscal 2022 to fiscal 2021 comparative discussion. 
 DISCUSSION OF CASH FLOWS 
 We use the indirect method to prepare our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Under this method, we reconcile net income to cash flows provided by operating activities by adjusting net income for those items that impact net income but do not result in actual cash receipts or payment during the period. 
 36 
 
 Operating Activities 
 Due to the seasonal nature of our business, cash is generally used in operations during the winter (our first and second fiscal quarters) as we require additional working capital to support the high volume of sales during this period, and cash is generally provided by operating activities during the spring and summer (our third and fourth quarters) when customer payments exceed the cost of deliveries. 
 During fiscal 2023, cash provided by operating activities increased 89.8 million to 123.7 million, compared to 33.9 million provided by operating activities during fiscal 2022. The increase was driven by an increase in collection of trade receivables on a comparable basis (including accounts receivable and customer credit balance accounts) of 70.8 million and a 48.1 million decrease in cash required to purchase liquid product inventory on-hand at fiscal year end primarily driven by a reduction in cost of recent inventory purchases compared to the prior year. Further contributing to the increase was a 14.0 million decrease in net cash paid for certain hedge positions and 2.5 million increase in collection of derivative settlement receivables on a comparative basis. The increase was partially offset by a 25.9 million unfavorable change in accounts payable due to the pricing and timing of inventory purchases, an 11.7 million decrease in cash flows from operations, 5.2 million more in payroll taxes paid in the first fiscal quarter of 2023 versus the first fiscal quarter of 2022 as the result of deferring payment of certain payroll tax withholdings in first quarter of fiscal 2021 to the first fiscal quarter of fiscal 2023, and 2.8 million of other net changes in working capital. 
 During fiscal 2022, cash provided by operating activities decreased 35.0 million to 33.9 million, compared to 68.9 million provided by operating activities during fiscal 2021. Higher per gallon product costs drove an increase in receivables on a comparable basis (including accounts receivable, customer credit balance accounts and hedging settlement receivables) of 23.7 million. While accounts receivable were higher by 38.6 million, or 38.7 , during fiscal 2022 than fiscal 2021, days' sales outstanding remained fairly consistent with the prior year. The higher product cost also drove a 9.6 million increase in cash required to purchase liquid product inventory and contributed to a 4.0 million increase in net cash paid for certain hedge positions We also had a 8.8 million reduction in cash flows from operations. These cash flow changes were partially offset by a 5.1 million favorable change in accounts payable due to the pricing and timing of inventory purchases, 3.9 million less payroll tax payments 7.8 million of fiscal 2020 payroll taxes deferred to fiscal 2021, partially offset by 3.9 million more in payroll taxes in the first fiscal quarter of 2022 versus the first fiscal quarter of 2021 as the result of deferring payment of certain payroll tax withholdings in first quarter of fiscal 2021 to the first quarter of fiscal 2023), and 2.1 million of other changes in working capital. 
 Investing Activities 
 Our capital expenditures for fiscal 2023 totaled 9.0 million, as we invested in our fleet and other equipment 5.5 million), refurbished certain physical plants 1.4 million), expanded our propane operations 1.0 million) and invested in computer hardware and software 1.1 million). 
 During fiscal 2023, we deposited 1.6 million, and invested another 0.9 million, into an irrevocable trust to secure certain liabilities for our captive insurance company. The cash deposited into the trust is shown on our balance sheet as captive insurance collateral and, correspondingly, reduced cash on our balance sheet. We believe that investments into the irrevocable trust will lower our letter of credit fees, increase interest income on invested cash balances, and provide us with certain tax advantages attributable to a captive insurance company. 
 During fiscal 2023, the Company acquired one propane and two heating oil businesses for approximately 19.8 million (using 19.8 million in cash). The gross purchase price was allocated 10.4 million to intangible assets, 8.0 million to goodwill, 2.3 million to fixed assets, and reduced by 0.9 million in negative working capital. 
 Our capital expenditures for fiscal 2022 totaled 18.7 million, as we invested in our fleet and other equipment 7.7 million), refurbished certain physical plants 3.4 million), purchased a strategic property 3.0 million), expanded our propane operations 2.7 million) and invested in computer hardware and software 1.9 million). 
 During fiscal 2022, we deposited 1.0 million, and invested another 0.8 million, into an irrevocable trust to secure certain liabilities for our captive insurance company. 
 37 
 
 During fiscal 2022, the Company acquired five heating oil businesses for approximately 15.6 million (using 13.1 million in cash and assuming 2.5 million of liabilities). The gross purchase price was allocated 7.3 million to intangible assets, 3.1 million to goodwill, 5.6 million to fixed assets, and reduced by 0.4 million in negative working capital. 
 Financing Activities 
 During fiscal 2023, we repaid 16.5 million of our term loan, borrowed 125.6 million under our revolving credit facility and subsequently repaid 145.6 million. We also repurchased 0.5 million Common Units for 4.5 million in connection with our unit repurchase plan, and paid distributions of 22.5 million to our Common Unit holders and 1.2 million to our General Partner unit holders (including 1.16 million of incentive distributions as provided in our Partnership Agreement). 
 During fiscal 2022, we refinanced our five-year term loan and the revolving credit facility with the execution of the sixth amended and restated revolving credit facility agreement. The 165 million of proceeds from the new term loan were used to repay the 95.9 million outstanding balance of the term loan and 69.1 million of the 200.2 million of revolving credit facility borrowings under the old credit facility. We also paid an additional 2.5 million of debt issuance costs, repaid an additional net balance of 119.4 million under our revolving credit facility, repaid an additional 14.6 million of our term loan, repurchased 3.0 million Common Units for 30.8 million in connection with our unit repurchase plan, and paid distributions of 22.1 million to our Common Unit holders and 1.1 million to our General Partner unit holders (including 1.0 million of incentive distributions as provided in our Partnership Agreement). 
 FINANCING AND SOURCES OF LIQUIDITY 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources Comparatives 
 Our primary uses of liquidity are to provide funds for our working capital, capital expenditures, distributions on our units, acquisitions and unit repurchases. Our ability to provide funds for such uses depends on our future performance, which will be subject to prevailing economic, financial, geopolitical and business conditions, weather, the ability to collect current and future accounts receivable, the ability to pass on the full impact of high product costs to customers, the effects of high net customer attrition, conservation, inflation and other factors. 
 Capital requirements, at least in the near term, are expected to be provided by cash flows from operating activities, cash on hand as of September 30, 2023 45.2 million) or a combination thereof. We believe that these cash sources will also be sufficient to satisfy our capital requirements in the longer-term. However, if they are not sufficient, we anticipate that working capital will be financed by our revolving credit facility, as discussed below, and from subsequent seasonal reductions in inventory and accounts receivable. As of September 30, 2023, we had accounts receivable of 114.1 million of which 69.4 million is due from residential customers and 44.7 million is due from commercial customers. Our ability to borrow from our bank group is based in part on the aging of these accounts receivable. If these balances do not meet the eligibility tests as found in our sixth amended and restated credit agreement, our ability to borrow will be reduced and our anticipated cash flow from operating activities will also be reduced. As of September 30, 2023, we had 0.2 million borrowings under our revolving credit facility, 148.5 million outstanding under our term loan, 3.2 million in letters of credit outstanding and 0.1 million hedge positions were secured under the credit agreement. 
 Under the terms of the sixth amended and restated credit agreement, we are required to maintain at all times a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.0 through February 27, 2024 and 1.15 thereafter if Availability (borrowing base less amounts borrowed and letters of credit issued) is less than 12.5 of the maximum facility size. We are also required to maintain a senior secured leverage ratio that cannot be more than 3.0 as of June 30th or September 30th, and no more than 5.5 as of December 31st or March 31st. As of September 30, 2023, Availability, as defined in the sixth amended and restated revolving credit facility agreement, was 202.1 million and we were in compliance with the financial covenants. 
 Maintenance capital expenditures for fiscal 2024 are estimated to be approximately 11.5 million, excluding the capital requirements for leased fleet which we currently estimate to be 11.7 million. In addition, we plan to invest approximately 2.2 million in our propane operations. Distributions for fiscal 2024, at the current quarterly level of 0.1625 per unit, would result in aggregate payments of approximately 23.1 million to Common Unit 
 38 
 
 holders, 1.3 million to our General Partner (including 1.2 million of incentive distribution as provided for in our Partnership Agreement) and 1.2 million to management pursuant to the management incentive compensation plan which provides for certain members of management to receive incentive distributions that would otherwise be payable to the General Partner. Under the terms of our sixth amended and restated revolving credit facility agreement, our term loan is repayable in quarterly payments of 4.1 million. We are also required to make an additional term loan repayments due to Excess Cash Flow of approximately 4.0 million in fiscal 2024 (see Note 13 - Long-Term Debt and Bank Facility Borrowings). We deposited 1.6 million in September 2023 for fiscal 2024 into our captive insurance company. Further, subject to any additional liquidity issues or concerns resulting from wholesale price volatility, we intend to continue to repurchase Common Units pursuant to our unit repurchase plan, as amended from time to time, and seek attractive acquisition opportunities within the Availability constraints of our revolving credit facility and funding resources. 
 Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We have no special purpose entities or off balance sheet debt. 
 Long-term contractual obligations, except for our long-term debt and New England Teamsters and Trucking Industry Pension Fund withdrawal obligations and operating leases liabilities, are not recorded in our consolidated balance sheet. Non-cancelable purchase obligations are obligations we incur during the normal course of business, based on projected needs. The Company had no capital lease obligations as of September 30, 2023. 
 The table below summarizes the payment schedule of our contractual obligations at September 30, 2023 (in thousands): 

Payments Due by Fiscal Year 

Total 

2024 

2025 and 2026 

2027 and 2028 

Thereafter 

Debt obligations (a) 

148,740 

20,740 

33,000 

95,000 

Operating lease obligations (b) 

113,170 

23,271 

42,040 

27,051 

20,808 

Purchase obligations and other (c) 

61,463 

13,839 

13,040 

5,581 

29,003 

Interest obligations (d) 

31,133 

16,078 

11,850 

3,205 

354,506 

73,928 

99,930 

130,837 

49,811 

(a) Reflects payments due of debt existing as of September 30, 2023, considering the terms of our sixth amended and restated credit agreement. (See Note 13 - Long-Term Debt and Bank Facility Borrowings) 

(b) Represents various operating leases for office space, trucks, vans and other equipment with third parties. Maturities of operating leases are presented undiscounted. (See Note 16 - Leases) 

(c) Represents non-cancelable commitments as of September 30, 2023 for operations such as customer related invoice and statement processing, voice and data phone/computer services, real estate taxes on leased property and our undiscounted future payment obligations to the New England Teamsters and Trucking Industry Pension Fund. 

(d) Reflects interest obligations on our term loan due July 2027 and the unused commitment fee on the revolving credit facility. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for discussion regarding the impact of accounting standards that were recently issued but not yet effective, on our consolidated financial statements. 
 39 
 
 Critical Accounting Policy and Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles requires management to establish accounting policies and make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company evaluates its policies and estimates on an on-going basis. A change in any of these critical accounting policies and estimates could have a material effect on the results of operations. The Company s Consolidated Financial Statements may differ based upon different estimates and assumptions. The Company s critical accounting policies and estimates have been reviewed with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 Our significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. We believe the following are our critical accounting policies and estimates: 
 Critical Accounting Policy 
 Fair Values of Derivatives 
 FASB ASC 815-10-05, Derivatives and Hedging, requires that derivative instruments be recorded at fair value and included in the consolidated balance sheet as assets or liabilities. The Company has elected not to designate its commodity derivative instruments as hedging instruments under this guidance, and therefore the change in fair value of those derivative instruments are recognized in our statement of operations. 
 We have established the fair value of our derivative instruments using estimates determined by our counterparties and subsequently evaluated them internally using established index prices and other sources. These values are based upon, among other things, future prices, volatility, time-to-maturity value and credit risk. The estimate of fair value we report in our financial statements changes as these estimates are revised to reflect actual results, changes in market conditions, or other factors, many of which are beyond our control. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Self-Insurance Liabilities 
 We currently self-insure a portion of workers compensation, auto, general liability and medical claims. We establish and periodically evaluate self-insurance liabilities based upon expectations as to what our ultimate liability may be for outstanding claims using developmental factors based upon historical claim experience, including frequency, severity, demographic factors and other actuarial assumptions, supplemented with the support of a qualified third-party actuary. As of September 30, 2023, we had approximately 77.5 million of self-insurance liabilities. The ultimate resolution of these claims could differ materially from the assumptions used to calculate the self-insurance liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on results of operations. 
 40 
 
 ITEM 7A. 	 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITAT IVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk primarily through our bank credit facilities. We utilize these borrowings to meet our working capital needs. 
 At September 30, 2023, we had outstanding borrowings totaling 148.7 million, of which 93.2 million are subject to variable interest rates under our credit agreement. In the event that interest rates associated with this facility were to increase 100 basis points, the after tax impact on annual future cash flows would be a decrease of 0.6 million. 
 We regularly use derivative financial instruments to manage our exposure to market risk related to changes in the current and future market price of home heating oil. The value of market sensitive derivative instruments is subject to change as a result of movements in market prices. Sensitivity analysis is a technique used to evaluate the impact of hypothetical market value changes. Based on a hypothetical ten percent increase in the cost of product at September 30, 2023, the potential impact on our hedging activity would be to increase the fair market value of these outstanding derivatives by 17.3 million to a fair market value of 27.9 million; and conversely a hypothetical ten percent decrease in the cost of product would decrease the fair market value of these outstanding derivatives by 14.1 million to a fair market value of (3.5) million. 
 ITEM 8. 	 FINANCIAL STATEMEN TS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The financial statements and financial statement schedules referred to in the index contained on page F-1 of this Report are incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 9. 	 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOU NTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A. 	 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. 
 Our general partner s chief executive officer and our chief financial officer evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of September 30, 2023. Based on that evaluation, such chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2023 at the reasonable level of assurance. For purposes of Rule 13a-15(e), the term disclosure controls and procedures means controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Act (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Under the supervision of management and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on our evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2023. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023 has been audited by our independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included at Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 41 
 
 (c) Change in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 (d) Other. 
 Our general partner and the Company believe that a controls system, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the controls system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. Therefore, a control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide such reasonable assurances of achieving our desired control objectives, and the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of our general partner have concluded, as of September 30, 2023, that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in achieving that level of reasonable assurance. 
 ITEM 9B. 	 OTHER INFORMATION 
 (a) N/A 
 (b) Trading Plans. During the quarter ended September 30, 2023, director or Section 16 officer adopted or terminated any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements. 
 ITEM 9C. 	 DISCLOSUR E REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 42 
 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. 	 DIR ECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Partnership Management 
 Our general partner is Kestrel Heat. The Board of Directors of Kestrel Heat is appointed by its sole member, Kestrel, which is a private investment partnership owned by Yorktown Energy Partners XII, L.P., Paul A. Vermylen Jr. and other investors. 
 Kestrel Heat, as our general partner, oversees our activities. Unitholders do not directly or indirectly participate in our management or operation or elect the directors of the general partner. The Board of Directors (sometimes referred to as the Board of Kestrel Heat has adopted a set of Partnership Governance Guidelines in accordance with the requirements of the New York Stock Exchange. A copy of these Guidelines is available on our website at www.stargrouplp.com or a copy may be obtained without charge by contacting Richard F. Ambury, (203) 328-7310. 
 As of November 30, 2023, Kestrel Heat owned 325,729 general partner units. In November 2021, Kestrel Heat made an in-kind distribution of 500,000 common units, representing approximately 1 of the issued and outstanding common units, to Kestrel, which, in turn, made an in-kind distribution of such units, pro rata, to its members. 
 The general partner owes a fiduciary duty to the unitholders. However, our Partnership Agreement contains provisions that allow the general partner to take into account the interests of parties other than the limited partners in resolving conflict of interest, thereby limiting such fiduciary duty. Notwithstanding any limitation on obligations or duties, the general partner will be liable, as our general partner, for all our debts (to the extent not paid by us), except to the extent that indebtedness or other obligations incurred by us are made specifically non-recourse to the general partner. 
 The general partner does not directly employ any of the persons responsible for managing or operating Star. 
 Directors and Executive Officers of the General Partner 
 Directors are appointed for an indefinite term, subject to the discretion of Kestrel. The following table shows certain information for directors and executive officers of the general partner as of November 30, 2023: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Paul A. Vermylen, Jr. 
 
 76 
 
 Chairman, Director 

Jeffrey M. Woosnam 
 
 55 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Richard F. Ambury 
 
 66 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Treasurer and Secretary 

Jeffrey S. Hammond 
 
 61 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 

Joseph R. McDonald 
 
 54 
 
 Chief Customer Officer 

Henry D. Babcock(1) 
 
 83 
 
 Director 

C. Scott Baxter(1) 
 
 62 
 
 Director 

David M. Bauer (1) 
 
 54 
 
 Director 

Daniel P. Donovan 
 
 77 
 
 Director 

Bryan H. Lawrence 
 
 81 
 
 Director 

William P. Nicoletti (1) 
 
 78 
 
 Director 

(1) 	Audit Committee member 
 43 
 
 Paul A. Vermylen, Jr. Mr. Vermylen has been the Chairman and a director of Kestrel Heat since April 28, 2006. Mr. Vermylen is a founder of Kestrel and has served as its President and as a manager since July 2005. Mr. Vermylen had been employed since 1971, serving in various capacities, including as a Vice President of Citibank N.A. and Vice President-Finance of Commonwealth Oil Refining Co. Inc. Mr. Vermylen served as Chief Financial Officer of Meenan Oil Co., L.P. Meenan from 1982 until 1992 and as President of Meenan until 2001, when we acquired Meenan. Since 2001, Mr. Vermylen has pursued private investment opportunities. 
 Mr. Vermylen is a graduate of Georgetown University and has an M.B.A. from Columbia University. 
 Mr. Vermylen s substantial experience in the home heating oil industry and his leadership skills and experience as an executive officer of Meenan, among other factors, led the Board to conclude that he should serve as the Chairman and a director of Kestrel Heat. 
 Jeffrey M. Woosnam. Mr. Woosnam has been President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of Kestrel Heat since March 18, 2019. From May 2014 to March 2019, Mr. Woosnam served as Senior Vice President, Southern Operations. From April 2007 to May 2014, Mr. Woosnam served as Vice President, Southern Operations. From 2006 to 2007, he served as the Director of Operations for Petroleum Heat and Power Company, a subsidiary of the Company. From 1994 to 2006, he held several General Management positions for Petro, Inc. with increasing levels of responsibility. 
 Mr. Woosnam s in-depth knowledge of the Company s business and his substantial experience in the home heating oil industry, among other factors, led the Board to conclude that he should serve as a director of Kestrel Heat. 
 Richard F. Ambury. Mr. Ambury has been Executive Vice President of Kestrel Heat since May 1, 2010 and has been Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of Kestrel Heat since April 28, 2006. Mr. Ambury was Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of Star Group from May 2005 until April 28, 2006. From November 2001 to May 2005, Mr. Ambury was Vice President and Treasurer of Star Group. From March 1999 to November 2001, Mr. Ambury was Vice President of Star Gas Propane, L.P. From February 1996 to March 1999, Mr. Ambury served as Vice President Finance of Star Gas Corporation, a predecessor general partner. Mr. Ambury was employed by Petroleum Heat and Power Co., Inc. from June 1983 through February 1996, where he served in various accounting/finance capacities. From 1979 to 1983, Mr. Ambury was employed by a predecessor firm of KPMG, a public accounting firm. Mr. Ambury has been a Certified Public Accountant since 1981. 
 Jeffrey S. Hammond. Mr. Hammond has been Chief Operating Officer of Kestrel Heat since March 18, 2019. From October 2013 to March 2019, he served as Senior Vice President, Northern Operations. From April 2007 to October 2013, Mr. Hammond served as Vice President, Northern Operations. From 2006 to 2007, he served as the Director of Operations for Petro Holdings, Inc., a subsidiary of the Company. From 2004 to 2006, Mr. Hammond served as Director of Planning and Logistics for Petro Holdings, Inc. From 2003 to 2004, he held a General Manager position for Petro Holdings, Inc. Prior to joining the Company in January 2003, Mr. Hammond worked for United Parcel Service for 19 years. While at UPS, he held various management positions in Operations and Industrial Engineering. 
 
 Joseph R. McDonald. Mr. McDonald has been Chief Customer Officer of Kestrel Heat since March 18, 2019. From May 2014 to March 2019, he served as Senior Vice President of Sales, Marketing Retention. From May 2005 to May 2014, Mr. McDonald served as Vice President, Sales and Marketing. From October 2004 to May 2005, he served as the Director of Sales for Petro Holdings, Inc., a subsidiary of the Company. From January 2003 to October 2004, was a Regional Sales Manager for Petro Holdings, Inc. 
 44 
 
 Henry D. Babcock. Mr. Babcock has been a director of Kestrel Heat since April 28, 2006. He retired at the end of 2019 as director and the former President of The Caumsett Foundation, Inc., a non-profit that supports Caumsett Historic State Park Preserve. Mr. Babcock worked with Train, Babcock Advisors LLC, a private registered investment advisor, from 1976, becoming a Member in 1980 until 2010 when he retired but continued to serve as a Consultant until 2021. Prior to 1976, he ran an affiliated venture capital company active in the U.S. and abroad. Mr. Babcock received a BA from Yale University and an MBA from Columbia. He served in the U.S. Army for three years. 
 Mr. Babcock s significant experience in capital markets, corporate finance and venture capital, among other factors, led the Board to conclude that he should serve as a director of Kestrel Heat. 
 C. Scott Baxter. Mr. Baxter has been a director of Kestrel Heat since April 28, 2006. Mr. Baxter is currently a Managing Director at Berkeley Research Group BRG ), a global investment banking advisory and consulting firm. Mr. Baxter has over 30 years of energy investment banking experience and has been a primary advisor in sourcing and executing over 200 billion in corporate M A, restructuring and equity financing transactions in the energy industry. Mr. Baxter also has significant experience advising independent committees of boards including rendering over 40 independent fairness opinions spanning the upstream, downstream and midstream energy sectors including for many MLPs. 
 Mr. Baxter s previous energy investment banking experience includes opening and running the Houston office for Petrie Partners, serving as Head of the Americas for J.P. Morgan s global energy group, Managing Director in the global energy group at Citigroup (Salomon Brothers), and serving as head of the energy group for Houlihan Lokey. 
 Mr. Baxter holds a B.S. degree in Economics from Weber State University where he graduated cum laude, and received an MBA degree from the University of Chicago Graduate School of Business. Mr. Baxter also served as an adjunct professor of finance at Columbia University s Graduate School of Business from 2002 to 2006 and has been on the President s National Advisory Council for Weber State University since 1996. 
 Mr. Baxter s significant experience in finance, accounting, as an investor and as a senior investment banker focused in the energy industry, among other factors, led the Board to conclude that he should serve as a director of Kestrel Heat. 
 David M. Bauer. Mr. Bauer has served as the Chief Investment Officer of Lubar Co. since 2005. Mr. Bauer s work experience includes five years with Facilitator Capital Fund, a Wisconsin-based Small Business Investment Company, and 10 years with the accounting firm of Arthur Andersen, where he led the Wisconsin transaction advisory team assisting private equity funds and large corporations with their acquisitions and divestitures. He currently serves on the board of several private companies. 
 Mr. Bauer earned a Master of Business Administration degree from Marquette University in 2005 and a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Marquette University in 1991. He is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of the Wisconsin Institute of CPAs and the American Institute of CPAs . 
 Mr. Bauer s current and prior experience as Chief Investment Officer of Lubar Co. and his significant experience in private equity, venture capital, finance and accounting, among other factors, led the Board to conclude that he should serve as a director of Kestrel Heat. 
 45 
 
 Daniel P. Donovan. Mr. Donovan has been a director of Kestrel Heat since April 28, 2006. Mr. Donovan served as President and Chief Executive Officer on an interim basis from December 23, 2018 to March 18, 2019, served as consultant from March 18, 2019 to April 30, 2019, and served as Chief Executive Officer of Kestrel Heat from May 31, 2007 to September 30, 2013 and had been President from April 28, 2006 to September 30, 2013. From April 28, 2006 to May 30, 2007 Mr. Donovan was also the Chief Operating Officer of Kestrel Heat. Mr. Donovan was the President and Chief Operating Officer of a predecessor general partner, Star Gas LLC Star Gas ), from March 2005 until April 28, 2006. From May 2004 to March 2005 he was President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company s heating oil segment. Mr. Donovan held various management positions with Meenan Oil Co. LP, from January 1980 to May 2004, including Vice President and General Manager from 1998 to 2004. Mr. Donovan worked for Mobil Oil Corp. from 1971 to 1980. His last position with Mobil was President and General Manager of its heating oil subsidiary in New York City and Long Island. Mr. Donovan is a graduate of St. Francis College in Brooklyn, New York and received an M.B.A. from Iona College. 
 Mr. Donovan s in-depth knowledge of the Company s business, having been its president and chief executive officer, and his substantial experience in the home heating oil industry, among other factors, led the Board to conclude that he should serve as a director of Kestrel Heat. 
 Bryan H. Lawrence. Mr. Lawrence has been a director of Kestrel Heat since April 28, 2006 and a manager of Kestrel since July 2005. Mr. Lawrence is a founder and senior manager of Yorktown Partners LLC, the manager of the Yorktown group of investment partnerships, which make investments in companies engaged in the energy industry. The Yorktown partnerships were formerly affiliated with the investment firm of Dillon, Read Co. Inc., where Mr. Lawrence was employed beginning in 1966, serving as a Managing Director until the merger of Dillon Read with SBC Warburg in September 1997. Mr. Lawrence also serves as a director of Hallador Petroleum Company, Ramaco Resources, Inc., Riley Exploration Permian, Inc. (each a United States publicly traded company), and certain non-public companies in the energy industry in which Yorktown partnerships hold equity interests. Mr. Lawrence is a graduate of Hamilton College and received an M.B.A. from Columbia University. 
 Mr. Lawrence s significant financial and investment experience, and experience as a founder of Yorktown Partners LLC, among other factors, led the Board to conclude that he should serve as a director of Kestrel Heat. 
 William P. Nicoletti. Mr. Nicoletti has been a director of Kestrel Heat since April 28, 2006. Mr. Nicoletti was the non-executive chairman of the board of Star Gas from March 2005 until April 28, 2006. Mr. Nicoletti was a director of Star Gas from March 1999 until April 28, 2006 and was a director of Star Gas Corporation from November 1995 until March 1999. From February 1, 2009, until he retired on February 15, 2023, he was a Managing Director of Parkman Whaling LLC, a Houston, Texas based energy investment banking firm. Mr. Nicoletti was formerly a senior officer and head of Energy Investment Banking for investment banks in New York City. Mr. Nicoletti is a graduate of Seton Hall University and received an M.B.A. from Columbia University. 
 Mr. Nicoletti s current and prior leadership experience in the energy investment banking industry and his significant experience in finance, accounting and corporate governance matters, among other factors, led the Board to conclude that he should serve as a director of Kestrel Heat. 
 Director Independence 
 Section 303A of the New York Stock Exchange listed company manual provides that limited partnerships are not required to have a majority of independent directors. It is the policy of the Board of Directors that the Board shall at all times have at least three independent directors or such higher number as may be necessary to comply with the applicable federal securities law requirements. For the purposes of this policy, independent director has the meaning set forth in Section 10A(m) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, any applicable stock exchange rules and the rules and regulations promulgated in the Partnership governance guidelines available on its website www.stargrouplp.com . The Board of Directors has determined that Messrs. Nicoletti, Babcock, Bauer and Baxter are independent directors. 
 46 
 
 Meetings of Directors 
 During fiscal 2023, the Board of Directors of Kestrel Heat met six times. All directors attended each meeting. 
 Committees of the Board of Directors 
 Kestrel Heat s Board of Directors has one standing committee, the Audit Committee. Its members are appointed by the Board of Directors for a one-year term and until their respective successors are elected. The NYSE corporate governance standards do not require limited partnerships to have a Nominating or Compensation Committee. 
 Audit Committee 
 William P. Nicoletti, Henry D. Babcock, David M. Bauer and C. Scott Baxter have been appointed to serve on the Audit Committee, which has adopted an Audit Committee Charter. Mr. Nicoletti serves as chairman of the Audit Committee. A copy of this charter is available on the Company s website at www.stargrouplp.com or a copy may be obtained without charge by contacting Richard F. Ambury at (203) 328-7310. The Audit Committee reviews the external financial reporting of the Company, selects and engages the Company s independent registered public accountants and approves all non-audit engagements of the independent registered public accountants. 
 Members of the Audit Committee may not be employees of Kestrel Heat or its affiliated companies and must otherwise meet the New York Stock Exchange and SEC independence requirements for service on the Audit Committee. The Board of Directors has determined that Messrs. Nicoletti, Babcock, Bauer and Baxter are independent directors in that they do not have any material relationships with the Company (either directly, or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the Company) and they otherwise meet the independence requirements of the NYSE and the SEC. The Company s Board of Directors has also determined that at least one member of the Audit Committee, Mr. Nicoletti, meets the SEC criteria of an audit committee financial expert. Please see Mr. Nicoletti s biography under Directors and Officers of the General Partner for his relevant experience regarding his qualifications as an audit committee financial expert. 
 During fiscal 2023, the Audit Committee of Kestrel Heat, LLC met six times. All committee members attended each meeting. 
 Reimbursement of Expenses of the General Partner 
 The general partner does not receive any management fee or other compensation for its management of the Company. The general partner is reimbursed for all expenses incurred on behalf of the Company, including the cost of compensation that are properly allocable to the Company. The Partnership Agreement provides that the general partner shall determine the expenses that are allocable to the Company in any reasonable manner determined by the general partner in its sole discretion. In addition, the general partner and its affiliates may provide services to the Company for which a reasonable fee would be charged as determined by the general partner. There were no reimbursements of the General Partner in fiscal year 2023. 
 Adoption of Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 We have adopted a written Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our officers and employees and our directors. A copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on our website at www.stargrouplp.com or a copy may be obtained without charge, by contacting Investor Relations, (203) 328-7310. 
 We intend to post amendments to or waivers of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (to the extent applicable to any executive officer or director) on our website. 
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 Based on copies of reports furnished to us, we believe that during fiscal year 2023, all reporting persons complied with the Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to them. 
 47 
 
 Non-Management Directors and Interested Party Communications 
 The non-management directors on the Board of Directors of the general partner are Messrs. Babcock, Bauer, Baxter, Donovan, Lawrence, Nicoletti and Vermylen. The non-management directors have selected Mr. Vermylen, the Chairman of the Board, to serve as lead director to chair executive sessions of the non-management directors. Interested parties who wish to contact the non-management directors as a group may do so by contacting Paul A. Vermylen, Jr. c/o Star Group, L.P., 9 West Broad Street, Suite 310, Stamford, CT 06902. 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTI VE COMPENSATION 
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
 Our Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership, provides that our general partner, Kestrel Heat, shall conduct, direct and manage all activities of the Company. The limited liability company agreement of the general partner provides that the business of the general partner shall be managed by a Board of Directors. The responsibility of the Board is to supervise and direct the management of the Company in the interest and for the benefit of our unitholders. Among the Board s responsibilities is to regularly evaluate the performance and to approve the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer and, with the advice of the Chief Executive Officer, regularly evaluate the performance and approve the compensation of key executives. 
 As a limited partnership that is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, we are not required to have a Compensation Committee. Since the Chairman of the general partner and the majority of the Board are not employees, the Board determined that it has adequate independence to act in the capacity of a Compensation Committee to establish and review the compensation our executive officers and directors. The Board is comprised of Paul A. Vermylen Jr. (Chairman), Jeffrey M. Woosnam (President and Chief Executive Officer), Daniel P. Donovan, Henry D. Babcock, David M. Bauer, C. Scott Baxter, Bryan H. Lawrence, and William P. Nicoletti. 
 Throughout this Report, each person who served as chief executive officer CEO during fiscal 2023, each person who served as chief financial officer CFO during fiscal 2023 and the two other most highly compensated executive officers serving at September 30, 2023 (there being no other executive officers) are referred to as the named executive officers and are included in the Executive Compensation Table. 
 In this Compensation Discussion and Analysis, we address the compensation paid or awarded to Messrs. Woosnam, Ambury, Hammond and McDonald. We refer to these executive officers as our named executive officers. 
 Compensation decisions for the above named executive officers were made by the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 Compensation Philosophy and Policies 
 The primary objectives of our compensation program, including compensation of the named executive officers, are to attract and retain highly qualified officers, employees and directors and to reward individual contributions to our success. The Board of Directors considers the following policies in determining the compensation of the named executive officers: 
 compensation should be related to the performance of the individual executive and the performance measured against both financial and non-financial achievements; 

compensation levels should be competitive to ensure that we will be able to attract, motivate and retain highly qualified executive officers; and 

compensation should be related to improving unitholder value over time. 

48 
 
 Compensation Methodology 
 The elements of our compensation program for named executive officers are intended to provide a total incentive package designed to drive performance and reward contributions in support of business strategies at the Company. Subject to the terms of employment agreements that have been entered into with the named executive officers, all compensation determinations are discretionary and subject to the decision-making authority of the Board of Directors. We do not use benchmarking as a fixed criterion to determine compensation. Rather, after subjectively setting compensation based on the policies discussed above under Compensation Philosophy and Policies , we reviewed the compensation paid to officers holding similar positions at our peer group companies and certain information for privately held companies to obtain a general understanding of the reasonableness of base salaries and other compensation payable to our named executive officers. Our peer group of public companies was comprised of the following companies: Atmos Energy Corporation, Crestwood Equity Partners L.P., Ferrellgas Partners, L.P., Global Partners, L.P., New Jersey Resources Corporation, NuStar Energy L.P., Suburban Propane Partners, L.P. and Sunoco L.P. We chose these companies because they are engaged in the distribution of energy products like us. 
 Elements of Executive Compensation 
 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, the principal components of compensation for the named executive officers were: 
 base salary; 

annual discretionary profit sharing allocation; 

management incentive compensation plan; and 

retirement and health benefits. 

Under our compensation structure, the mix of base salary, discretionary profit sharing allocation and long-term compensation provided to each executive officer varies depending on their position. The base salary for each executive officer is the only fixed component of compensation. All other compensation, including annual discretionary profit sharing allocation and long-term incentive compensation, is variable in nature. 
 The majority of the Company s compensation allocation is weighted towards base salary and annual discretionary profit sharing allocation. In addition, during fiscal 2023, an aggregate of 490,485 was paid to the named executive officers under the terms of the management incentive compensation plan and represented a small portion of the executive compensation that was paid to these officers. If we are successful in increasing the overall level of distributions payable to unitholders, the amounts payable to the named executive officers under the management incentive compensation plan should increase. 
 We believe that together all of our compensation components provide a balanced mix of fixed compensation and compensation that is contingent upon each executive officer s individual performance and our overall performance. A goal of the compensation program is to provide executive officers with a reasonable level of security through base salary and benefits, while rewarding them through incentive compensation to achieve business objectives and create unitholder value over time. We believe that each of our compensation components is important in achieving this goal. Base salaries provide executives with a base level of monthly income and security. Annual discretionary profit sharing allocations and long-term incentive awards provide an incentive to our executives to achieve business objectives that increase our financial performance, which creates unitholder value through continuity of, and increases in, distributions and increases in the market value of the units. In addition, we want to ensure that our compensation programs are appropriately designed to encourage executive officer retention, which is accomplished through all of our compensation elements. 
 49 
 
 Base Salary 
 The Board of Directors establishes base salaries for the named executive officers based on a number of factors, including: 
 the historical salaries for services rendered to the Company and responsibilities of the named executive officer; 

the salaries of equivalent executive officers at our peer group companies and other data for our industry; and 

the prevailing levels of compensation and cost of living in the location in which the named executive officer works. 

In determining the initial base compensation payable to individual named executive officers when they are first hired by Star, our starting point is the historical compensation levels that we have paid to officers performing similar functions over the past few years. We also consider the level of experience and accomplishments of individual candidates and general labor market conditions, including the availability of candidates to fill a particular position. When we make adjustments to the base salaries of existing named executive officers, we review the individual s performance, the value each named executive officer brings to us and general labor market conditions. 
 Elements of individual performance considered, among others, without any specific weight given to each element, include business-related accomplishments during the year, difficulty and scope of responsibilities, effective leadership, experience, expected future contributions to the Company and difficulty of replacement. While base salary provides a base level of compensation intended to be competitive with the external market, the base salary for each named executive officer is determined on a subjective basis after consideration of these factors and is not based on target percentiles or other formal criteria. Although we believe that base salaries for our named executive officers are generally competitive with the external market, we do not use benchmarking as a fixed criterion to determine base compensation. Rather, after subjectively setting base salaries based on the above factors, we review the compensation paid to officers holding similar positions at our peer group companies to obtain a general understanding of the reasonableness of base salaries and other compensation payable to our named executive officers. We also take into account geographic differences for similar positions in the New York Metropolitan area. While cost of living is considered in determining annual increases, we do not typically provide full cost of living adjustments as salary increases are constrained by budgetary restrictions and the ability to fund the Company s current cash needs such as interest expense, maintenance capital, income taxes and distributions. 
 Profit Sharing Allocations 
 We maintain a profit sharing pool for certain employees, including named executive officers, which is equal to approximately 6 of our earnings before income taxes, depreciation and amortization, excluding items affecting comparability adjusted EBITDA for the given fiscal year. The annual discretionary profit sharing allocations paid to the named executive officers are payable from this pool. The size of the pool fluctuates based upon upward or downwards changes in adjusted EBITDA and the size of an individual award to a named executive officer fluctuates based on the size of the profit sharing pool and the number of participants in the plan. Depending upon the size of the profit sharing pool, and the number of participants in the plan, the amount paid to the named executive officers could be more or less. 
 There are no set formulas for determining the amount payable to our named executive officers from the profit sharing plan. Factors considered by our CEO and the Board in determining the level of profit sharing allocations generally include, without assigning a particular weight to any factor: 
 whether or not we achieved certain budgeted goals for the year and any material shortfalls or superior performances relative to expectations. Under the plan, no profit sharing was payable with respect to fiscal 2023 unless we achieved actual adjusted EBITDA for fiscal 2023 of at least 70 of the amount of budgeted adjusted EBITDA for fiscal 2023; 

the level of difficulty associated with achieving such objectives based on the opportunities and challenges encountered during the year; and 

significant transactions or accomplishments for the period not included in the goals for the year. 

50 
 
 Our CEO takes these factors into consideration as well as the relative contributions of each of the named executive officers to the year s performance in developing his recommendations for profit sharing amounts. Based on such assessment, our CEO submits recommendations to the Board of Directors for the annual profit sharing amounts to be paid to our named executive officers (other than the CEO), for the Board s review and approval. Similarly, the Chairman assesses the CEO s contribution toward meeting the Company s goals based upon the above factors, and recommends to the Board of Directors a profit sharing allocation for the CEO it believes to be commensurate with such contribution. 
 The Board of Directors retains the ultimate discretion to determine whether the named executive officers will receive annual profit sharing allocations based upon the factors discussed above. The Company is entitled to recover or clawback profit sharing allocations paid to our named executive officers in the event of any accounting restatement arising from a material non-compliance with the financial reporting requirements under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, in accordance with the Company s Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy dated as of October 19, 2023 (the Clawback Policy ). At no time during or after the Company s fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 was the Company required to prepare any accounting restatement that would have entitled the Company to recovery of profit sharing allocations under the Company s Clawback Policy. The Company s Clawback Policy is filed as an Exhibit to this Report. 
 Management Incentive Compensation Plan 
 In fiscal 2007, following our recapitalization, the Board of Directors adopted the Management Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan for certain named employees. Under the Plan, employees who participate shall be entitled to receive a pro rata share (as determined in the manner described below) of an amount in cash equal to: 
 50 of the distributions Incentive Distributions of Available Cash in excess of the minimum quarterly distribution of 0.0675 per unit otherwise distributable to Kestrel Heat pursuant to the Partnership Agreement on account of its general partner units; and 

50 of the cash proceeds (the Gains Interest which Kestrel Heat shall receive from any sale of its general partner units (as defined in the Partnership Agreement), less expenses and applicable taxes. 

We believe that the Plan provides a long-term incentive to its participants because it encourages Star s management to increase available cash for distributions in order to trigger the incentive distributions that are only payable if distributions from available cash exceed certain target distribution levels, with higher amounts of incentive distributions triggered by higher levels of distributions. Such increases are not sustainable on a consistent basis without long-term improvements in our operations. In addition, under certain Plan amendments that were adopted in 2012, the participation points of existing plan participants will vest and become irrevocable over a four year period, provided that the participants continue to be employed by us during the vesting period. We believe that this will help ensure that the Plan participants, which include our named executive officers, will have a continuing personal interest in the success of Star. 
 The pro rata share payable to each participant under the Plan is based on the number of participation points as described under Fiscal 2023 Compensation Decisions Management Incentive Compensation Plan. The amount paid in Incentive Distributions is governed by the Partnership Agreement and Available Cash (as defined in our Partnership Agreement) is distributed to the holders of our common units and general partner units in the following manner: 
 First, 100 to all common units, pro rata, until there has been distributed to each common unit an amount equal to the minimum quarterly distribution of 0.0675 for that quarter; 
 Second, 100 to all common units, pro rata, until there has been distributed to each common unit an amount equal to any arrearages in the payment of the minimum quarterly distribution for prior quarters; 
 Third, 100 to all general partner units, pro rata, until there has been distributed to each general partner unit an amount equal to the minimum quarterly distribution; 
 51 
 
 Fourth, 90 to all common units, pro rata, and 10 to all general partner units, pro rata, until each common unit has received the first target distribution of 0.1125; and 
 Finally, 80 to all common units, pro rata, and 20 to all general partner units, pro rata. 
 Available Cash, as defined in our Partnership Agreement, generally means all cash on hand at the end of the relevant fiscal quarter less the amount of cash reserves established by the Board of Directors of our general partner in its reasonable discretion for future cash requirements. These reserves are established for the proper conduct of our business, including acquisitions, the payment of debt principal and interest and for distributions during the next four quarters and to comply with applicable law and the terms of any debt agreements or other agreements to which we are subject. The Board of Directors of our general partner reviews the level of Available Cash each quarter based upon information provided by management. 
 To fund the benefits under the Plan, Kestrel Heat has agreed to permanently and irrevocably forego receipt of the amount of Incentive Distributions that are payable to plan participants. For accounting purposes, amounts payable to management under this Plan will be treated as compensation and will reduce both EBITDA and net income but not adjusted EBITDA. Kestrel Heat has also agreed to contribute to the Company, as a contribution to capital, an amount equal to the Gains Interest payable to participants in the Plan by the Company. The Company is not required to reimburse Kestrel Heat for amounts payable pursuant to the Plan. 
 The Plan is administered by our Chief Financial Officer under the direction of the Board or by such other officer as the Board may from time to time direct. In general, no payments will be made under the Plan if we are not distributing cash under the Incentive Distributions described above. 
 Effective as of July 19, 2012, the Board of Directors adopted certain amendments (the Plan Amendments to the Plan. Under the Plan Amendments, the number and identity of the Plan participants and their participation interests in the Plan have been frozen at the current levels. In addition, under the Plan Amendments, the plan benefits (to the extent vested) may be transferred upon the death of a participant to his or her heirs. A participant s vested percentage of his or her plan benefits will be 100 during the time a participant is an employee or consultant of the Company. Following the termination of such positions, a participant s vested percentage shall be equal to 20 for each full or partial year of employment or consultation with us starting with the fiscal year ended September 30, 2012 (33 1/3 in the case of the Company s chief executive officer at that time). 
 We distributed 1,160,288 in Incentive Distributions under the Plan during fiscal 2023, including payments to the named executive officers of approximately 490,485. With regard to the Gains Interest, Kestrel Heat has not given any indication that it will sell its general partner units within the next 12 months. Thus the Plan s value attributable to the Gains Interest currently cannot be determined. 
 Retirement and Health Benefits 
 We offer a health and welfare and retirement program to all eligible employees. The named executive officers are generally eligible for the same programs on the same basis as other employees of Star. We maintain a tax-qualified 401(k) retirement plan that provides eligible employees with an opportunity to save for retirement on a tax advantaged basis. Under the 401(k) plan, subject to IRS limitations, each participant can contribute from 0 to 60 of compensation. 
 We make a 4 (or a maximum of 5.5 for participants who had 10 or more years of service at the time our defined benefit plans were frozen and who have reached the age 55) core contribution of a participant s compensation and generally can match 2/3 (up to 3.0 of a participant s contributions, subject to IRS limitations. 
 In addition, we have two frozen defined benefit pension plans that were maintained for all eligible employees, including certain executive officers. The present value of accumulated benefits under these frozen defined benefit pension plans for certain executive officers is provided in the table labeled Pension Plans Pursuant to Which Named Executive Officers Have an Accumulated Benefit But Are Not Currently Accruing Benefits. 
 52 
 
 Fiscal 2023 Compensation Decisions 
 For fiscal 2023, the foregoing elements of compensation were applied as follows: 
 Base Salary 
 The following table sets forth each named executive officer s base salary as of October 1, 2023 and the percentage increase in base salary over October 1, 2022. The current base salaries for our named executive officers were determined based upon the factors discussed under the caption Base Salary. The average percentage increase in base salary for executives in our peer group was approximately 5.7 . 

Name 
 
 Salary 

Percentage Change From Prior Year 

Jeffrey M. Woosnam 

475,000 

3.9 

Richard F. Ambury 

472,055 

3.5 

Jeffrey S. Hammond 

354,865 

4.0 

Joseph R. McDonald 

354,865 

4.0 

Annual Discretionary Profit Sharing Allocation 
 Based on the annual performance reviews for our CEO and named executive officers, the Board approved annual profit sharing allocations as reflected in the Summary Compensation Table and notes thereto. For fiscal 2023, the profit sharing amounts reflected in the Summary Compensation Table are 12 lower than fiscal 2022 for Messrs. Woosnam, Ambury, Hammond and McDonald. 
 One of our primary performance measures is Adjusted EBITDA, as defined under the Profit Sharing Plan. For fiscal 2023, Adjusted EBITDA (as calculated under the Profit Sharing Plan) decreased by 14.7 million, or 13.5 , to 94.6 million compared to fiscal 2022. For our peers that are on a fiscal year similar to Star Group, the average percentage increase in Adjusted EBITDA was 5.6 , and the average total compensation decreased by 6 . 
 Another performance measure is acquisitions. During fiscal 2023, the Company acquired two heating oil businesses and one propane business that generate approximately 2.9 million gallons of home heating oil and propane annually. Messrs. Woosnam, Ambury, Hammond and McDonald were instrumental in the successful integration of these transactions. 
 Management Incentive Compensation Plan 
 In 2012, under the Plan Amendments adopted by the Board, the number and identity of the Plan participants and their participation points were frozen at the current levels in order to more closely align the interests of Plan participants and unitholders and to give Plan participants a continuing personal interest in our success. The number of participation points that were previously awarded to the named executive officers was based on the length of service and level of responsibility of the named executive and our desire to retain the named executive. 
 53 
 
 In fiscal 2023, 490,485 was paid to the named executive officers under the Plan as indicated in the following chart: 

Name 
 
 Points 

Percentage 

Management Incentive Payments 

Jeffrey M. Woosnam 

60 

5.5 

63,288 

Richard F. Ambury 

235 

21.4 

247,880 

Jeffrey S. Hammond 

50 

4.5 

52,740 

Joseph R. McDonald 

120 

10.9 

126,577 

Other Plan Participants (a) 

635 

57.7 

669,803 

Total 

1,100 

100 

1,160,288 

(a) Includes 300 points (27.3 that were awarded to Mr. Donovan prior to his retirement as the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer effective September 30, 2013. 

Retirement and Health Benefits 
 The named executive officers participate in our retirement and health benefit plans. 
 Employment Contracts and Severance Agreements 
 Agreement with Richard F. Ambury 
 We entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Ambury effective as of April 28, 2008. Mr. Ambury will serve as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer on an at-will basis. The employment agreement provides for one year s salary as severance if Mr. Ambury s employment is terminated without cause or by Mr. Ambury for good reason. 
 Agreement with Jeffrey M. Woosnam 
 We entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Woosnam effective as of June 19, 2019. Mr. Woosnam will serve as President and Chief Executive Officer of Kestrel Heat on an at-will basis. The employment agreement provides for one year s salary as severance if Mr. Woosnam s employment is terminated without cause or by Mr. Woosnam for good reason. 
 Change in Control Agreements 
 Change in control arrangements are included in the employment agreement for Mr. Woosnam, Chief Executive Officer and we have entered into a Change in Control Agreement with Mr. Ambury, Chief Financial Officer. Under the terms of each agreement, if either of these executive officers is terminated within 180 days following a change in control (as defined in the agreement), he will be entitled to a payment equal to two times his base annual salary in the year of such termination plus two times the average amount paid as a bonus and/or as profit sharing during the three years preceding the year of such termination. The term change in control means the present equity owners of Kestrel Heat and their affiliates collectively cease to beneficially own equity interests having the voting power to elect at least a majority of the members of the Board of Directors or other governing board of the general partner or any successor entity. If a change in control were to have occurred and their employment was terminated as of the date of this Report, Mr. Woosnam would have received a payment of 2,253,700 and Mr. Ambury would have received a payment of 1,978,380. 
 54 
 
 Pay Ratio Disclosure 
 As required by Section 953(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K, we are providing the following information about the ratio of the annual total compensation, calculated in accordance with the requirements of Item 402(c)(2)(x) of Regulation S-K of our CEO, Jeffrey M. Woosnam and the annual total compensation of our median employee. For fiscal 2023, our last completed fiscal year, our CEO s total compensation was 1,142,505, versus our median employee compensation of 73,620. This reflects a CEO pay ratio of 16:1. We identified our median compensation employee by examining total compensation paid for fiscal year 2023 to all individuals, excluding Mr. Woosnam, who were employed by us on September 30, 2023, the last day of our fiscal year based on payroll records. No assumptions, adjustments or estimates were made in respect of total compensation, except that we annualized the compensation of any employee that was not employed with us for all of fiscal year 2023, excluding seasonal and temporary employees. 
 Indemnification Agreements 
 We have entered into an indemnification agreement with each of our directors and senior executives. These agreements provide for us to, among other things, indemnify such persons against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers, to advance their expenses incurred as a result of a proceeding as to which they may be indemnified and to cover such person under any directors and officers liability insurance policy we choose, in our discretion, to maintain. These indemnification agreements are intended to provide indemnification rights to the fullest extent permitted under applicable indemnification rights statutes in the State of Delaware and are in addition to any other rights such person may have under our Partnership Agreement and the limited liability company agreement of our general partner, and applicable law. We believe these indemnification agreements enhance our ability to attract and retain knowledgeable and experienced executives and independent, non-management directors. 
 Board of Directors Report 
 The Board of Directors of the general partner of the Company does not have a separate compensation committee. Executive compensation is determined by the Board of Directors. 
 The Board of Directors reviewed and discussed with the Company s management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis contained in this annual report on Form 10-K. Based on that review and discussion, the Board of Directors recommends that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2023. 
 Paul A. Vermylen, Jr. 
 Jeffrey M. Woosnam 
 Henry D. Babcock 
 David M. Bauer 
 C. Scott Baxter 
 Daniel P. Donovan 
 Bryan H. Lawrence 
 William P. Nicoletti 
 55 
 
 Executive Compensation Table 
 The following table sets forth the annual salary compensation, bonus and all other compensation awards earned and accrued by the named executive officers in the fiscal year. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Fiscal Year 
 
 Salary 

Bonus 

Unit Awards 

Option Awards 

Non- Equity Incentive Plan Comp.(1) 

Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Comp. Earnings (2) 

All Other Comp.(6) 

Total 

Jeffrey M. Woosnam 
 
 2023 

466,000 

564,300 

112,205 

1,142,505 

President and Chief 
 
 2022 

448,500 

641,250 

103,353 

1,193,103 

Executive Officer (3) 
 
 2021 

432,501 

750,000 

97,639 

1,280,140 

Richard F. Ambury 
 
 2023 

464,073 

447,680 

360,539 

1,272,292 

Chief Financial Officer, 
 
 2022 

450,530 

508,725 

271,226 

1,230,481 

Treasurer and Executive 
 
 2021 

439,542 

595,000 

2,073 

246,158 

1,282,773 

Vice President 

Jeffrey S. Hammond 
 
 2023 

348,040 

418,330 

101,107 

867,477 

Chief Operating 
 
 2022 

335,445 

475,380 

93,524 

904,349 

Officer (4) 
 
 2021 

324,103 

556,000 

89,618 

969,721 

Joseph R. McDonald 
 
 2023 

348,040 

418,330 

175,665 

942,035 

Chief Customer 
 
 2022 

335,445 

475,380 

159,499 

970,324 

Officer (5) 
 
 2021 

324,103 

556,000 

146,555 

1,026,658 

(1) Payable pursuant to the Company s profit sharing pool, which is described under Compensation Discussion and Analysis Profit Sharing Allocation. 

(2) We have two frozen defined benefit pension plans that we sometimes refer to in this Report as the Petro defined benefit pension plan and the Meenan defined benefit pension plan, where participants are not accruing additional benefits. Mr. Ambury also participated in a tax-qualified supplemental employee retirement plan (the SERP which, prior to being frozen in 1997, represented contributions to an employee plan to compensate for a reduction in certain benefits prior to 1997. In June 2023, Mr. Ambury received a 64,059 lump sum distribution under the SERP in connection with this withdrawal from the SERP. Mr. Ambury is not entitled to receive any further benefits under the SERP. Included in Mr. Ambury s amounts for the Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Comp. Earnings are 0, 0 and 333 for fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021 respectively, for the actuarial changes in the value of his frozen supplemental employee retirement plan. The change in all the named executive s pension values (including the supplemental employee retirement plan) are non-cash, and reflect normal adjustments resulting from changes in discount rates and government mandated mortality tables. 

(3) Mr. Woosnam was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer on March 18, 2019. 

(4) Mr. Hammond was appointed Chief Operating Officer on March 18, 2019. 

(5) Mr. McDonald was appointed Chief Customer Officer on March 18, 2019. 

(6) All other compensation is subdivided as follows: 

Name 
 
 Management Incentive Compensation Plan 

Company Match and Core Contribution to 401(K) Plan 

Car Allowance or Monetary Value for Personal Use of Company Owned Vehicle 

Withdrawal Payment under the Company's tax-qualified SERP 

Total 

Jeffrey M. Woosnam 

63,288 

19,130 

29,787 

112,205 

Richard F. Ambury 

247,880 

19,800 

28,800 

64,059 

360,539 

Jeffrey S. Hammond 

52,740 

18,830 

29,537 

101,107 

Joseph R. McDonald 

126,577 

18,757 

30,331 

175,665 

56 

Grants of Plan-Based Awards 

Estimated Future Payouts Equity Incentive Plan Awards (1) 

Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan 

All Other Stocks Awards: Number of Shares of 

All Other Option Awards: Number of Securities 

Exercise or Base Price of Option 

Grant Date Fair Value of Stock and 

Name 
 
 Grant Date (1) 
 
 Threshold ) 

Target ) (2) 

Maximum ) 

Threshold (#) 

Target (#) 

Maximum (#) 

Stock or Units (#) 

Underlying Options (#) 

Awards /Sh) 

Option Awards 

Jeffrey M. 

Woosnam 
 
 7/21/09 

564,300 

Richard F. 

Ambury 
 
 7/21/09 

447,680 

Jeffrey S. 

Hammond 
 
 7/21/09 

418,330 

Joseph R. 

McDonald 
 
 7/21/09 

418,330 

(1) On July 21, 2009, the Board of Directors authorized the continuance of the annual profit sharing plan, subject to its power to terminate the plan at any time. Profit sharing allocations are described under Compensation Philosophy and Policies Profit Sharing Allocations. 

(2) The annual profit sharing plan does not provide for thresholds or maximums; the amounts listed represent the actual awards to the named executive officers for fiscal 2023. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 
 None. 
 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 
 None. 
 Pension Plans Pursuant to Which Named Executive Officers Have an Accumulated Benefit But Are Not Currently Accruing Benefits 

Name 
 
 Plan Name 
 
 Number of Years Credited Service 
 
 Present Value of Accumulated Benefit 

Payments During Last Fiscal Year 

Richard F. Ambury (1) 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 
 13 

241,026 

Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan (2) 

64,059 

(1) The named executive officer has accumulated benefits in the tax-qualified Petro defined benefit pension plan that was frozen in 1997. Mr. Ambury also participated in a tax-qualified supplemental employee retirement plan which, prior to being frozen in 1997, represented contributions to an employee plan to compensate for a reduction in certain benefits prior to 1997. No other named executives were participants in any of these plans. Each year, the named executive officer s accumulated benefits are actuarially calculated generally based on the credited years of service and each employee s compensation at the time the plan was frozen. The present value of these amounts are the present value of a single life annuity generally payable at later or normal retirement age, adjusted for changes in discount rates and government mandated mortality tables. See Note 14 Employee Benefit Plans, to Star s Consolidated Financial Statements, for the material assumptions applied in quantifying the present value of the accumulated benefits of these frozen plans. 

(2) In fiscal 2023, Mr. Ambury received a lump-sum distribution in connection with his withdrawal from the SERP. Mr. Ambury is not entitled to any further benefits under the SERP. 

57 
 
 Nonqualified Defined Contribution and Other Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plans 
 None. 
 Potential Payments Upon Termination 
 If Mr. Woosnam s employment is terminated for reasons other than for cause or if Mr. Woosnam terminates his employment for good reason, he will be entitled to receive one-year s salary as severance, except in the case of a termination following a change in control which is discussed above under Change in Control Agreements. For 12 months following the termination of his employment, Mr. Woosnam is prohibited from competing with the Company or from becoming involved either as an employee, as a consultant or in any other capacity, in the sale of heating oil or propane on a retail basis. 
 If Mr. Ambury s employment is terminated for reasons other than cause or if Mr. Ambury terminates his employment for a good reason, he will be entitled to receive a severance payment of one year s salary except in the case of a termination following a change in control which is discussed above under Change in Control Agreements. For 12 months following the termination of his employment, Mr. Ambury is prohibited from competing with the Company or from becoming involved either as an employee, as a consultant or in any other capacity, in the sale of heating oil or propane on a retail basis. 
 The amounts shown in the table below assume that the triggering event for each named executive officer s termination or change in control payment was effective as of the date of this Report based upon their historical compensation arrangements as of such date. The actual amounts to be paid out can only be determined at the time of such named executive officer s termination of employment or Star s change of control. 
 The employment agreements of the foregoing officers also require that they not reveal confidential information of the Company within 12 months following the termination of their employment. 

Name 
 
 Potential Payments Upon Termination 

Potential Payments Following a Change of Control 

Jeffrey M. Woosnam 

475,000 

2,253,700 

Richard F. Ambury 

472,055 

1,978,380 

58 
 
 Compensation of Directors 

Director Compensation Table - Fiscal Year 2023 

Name 
 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 

Unit Awards 

Option Awards 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 

Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings (2) 

All Other Compensation (3) 

Total 

Paul A. Vermylen, Jr. (1) 

129,000 

5,819 

69,527 

204,346 

Daniel P. Donovan (4) 

72,242 

379,553 

451,795 

Henry D. Babcock (5) 

93,900 

93,900 

David M. Bauer (5) 

93,900 

93,900 

C. Scott Baxter (5) 

93,900 

93,900 

Bryan H. Lawrence (6) 

William P. Nicoletti (7) 

106,558 

106,558 

(1) Mr. Vermylen is non-executive Chairman of the Board. 

(2) Mr. Vermylen and Mr. Donovan participate in one of our frozen defined benefit pension plans. Participants are currently not accruing additional benefits under the frozen plan. The change in the pension value reflects normal non-cash adjustments resulting from changes in discount rates and government mandated mortality tables. 

(3) Mr. Vermylen and Mr. Donovan reached the frozen defined benefit pension plan full retirement age in fiscal year 2012 and 2011, respectively, and started receiving pension payments. 

(4) The amount included for Mr. Donovan in all other compensation represents 316,442 for amounts paid to him under the management incentive compensation plan, and 63,111 for pension payments. 

(5) Mr. Babcock, Mr. Bauer and Mr. Baxter are Audit Committee members. 

(6) Mr. Lawrence has chosen not to receive any fees as a director of the general partner of Star. 

(7) Mr. Nicoletti is Chairman of the Audit Committee. 

Each non-management director receives an annual fee of 64,700 plus 1,500 for each regular and telephonic meeting attended. The Chairman of the Audit Committee receives an annual fee of 25,900 while other Audit Committee members receive an annual fee of 12,950. Each member of the Audit Committee receives 1,500 for every regular and telephonic meeting attended. The non-executive Chairman of the Board receives an annual fee of 120,000. 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTA IN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 
 The following table shows the beneficial ownership as of November 30, 2023 of common units and general partner units by: 
 (1) Kestrel and certain beneficial owners; 

(2) each of the named executive officers and directors of Kestrel Heat; 

(3) all directors and executive officers of Kestrel Heat as a group; and 

(4) each person the Company knows to hold 5 or more of the Company s units. 

59 
 
 Except as indicated, the address of each person is c/o Star Group, L.P. at 9 West Broad, Street, Suite 310, Stamford, Connecticut 06902. 

Common Units 

General Partner Units 

Name 
 
 Number 

Percentage 

Number 

Percentage 

Kestrel (a) 

325,729 

100.00 

Paul A. Vermylen, Jr. (b) 

1,345,960 

3.78 

Henry D. Babcock (c) 

104,121 

William P. Nicoletti 

35,506 

Bryan H. Lawrence 

1,263,863 

3.55 

C. Scott Baxter 

David M. Bauer (d) 

1,254,662 

3.53 

Daniel P. Donovan 

25,000 

Richard F. Ambury (e) 

43,390 

Jeffrey M. Woosnam 

15,000 

Joseph R. McDonald 

6,500 

Jeffrey S. Hammond 

5,000 

All officers and directors and Kestrel Heat, LLC as a group (12 persons) 

4,099,002 

11.52 

325,729 

100.00 

Bandera Partners, LLC, et al. (f) 

3,656,670 

10.27 

Hartree Partners, LP (g) 

3,123,253 

8.78 

Stephen M. Lessing (h) 

2,010,000 

5.65 

(a) Includes 325,729 general partner units owned by Kestrel Heat. In November 2021, Kestrel Heat made an in-kind distribution of 500,000 common units, representing approximately 1 of the issued and outstanding common units, to Kestrel, which, in turn, made an in-kind distribution of such units, pro rata, to its members. 

(b) Includes 218,515 Common Units held by The Robin C. Vermylen 2016 Irrevocable Trust, with respect to which Mr. Vermylen is a trustee of the trust and a beneficiary of the trust; and 852,614 Common Units held by The Paul A. Vermylen, Jr. 2015 Irrevocable Trust, with respect to which Mr. Vermylen s spouse is a beneficiary of the trust and Mr. Vermylen is the settlor of the trust. 

(c) Includes 94,121 Common Units owned by White Hill Trust, with respect to which Mr. Babcock s stepson and son-in-law are the trustees and Mr. Babcock s wife is the primary beneficiary. 

(d) All Common Units are owned by Lubar Equity Fund, LLC. Mr. Bauer owns a minority interest in Lubar Equity Fund, LLC and is Chief Investment Officer of Lubar Co. Incorporated, the sole manager of Lubar Equity Fund, LLC. While Mr. Bauer serves on the investment committee of Lubar Co., Inc., he does not have sole or shared voting or investment power within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 with respect to the Common Units held by Lubar Equity Fund, LLC and disclaims beneficial ownership of such securities except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. 

(e) Common Units are owned by the Richard F. Ambury 2013 Revocable Living Trust, with respect to which Mr. Ambury is the trustee. 

(f) According to Form 4 jointly filed by Bandera Partners, LLC, Gregory Bylinsky and Jefferson Gramm with the SEC on June 15, 2023. Includes 206,483 common units directly owned by Mr. Gramm and 4,827 common units directly owned by Mr. Bylinsky. Bandera Partners, LLC is the investment manager of Bandera Master Fund L.P. which directly owns the remaining 3,445,360 common units reported on the Form 4 dated June 15, 2023. 

(g) According to a Schedule 13F filed by Hartree Partners, LP with the SEC on November 14, 2023. 

(h) According to a Schedule 13G filed by Stephen M. Lessing with the SEC on February 4, 2022. 

Amount represents less than 1 . 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHI PS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 
 Star has a written conflict of interest policy and procedure that requires all officers, directors and employees to report to senior corporate management or the board of directors, all personal, financial or family interest in transactions that involve the individual and the Star. In addition, our Governance Guidelines provide that any monetary arrangement between a director and his or her affiliates (including any member of a director s immediate 
 60 
 
 family) and the Company or any of its affiliates for goods or services shall be subject to approval by the full Board of Directors. 
 The general partner does not receive any management fee or other compensation for its management of Star. The general partner is reimbursed for all expenses incurred on behalf of the Star, including the cost of compensation, that are properly allocable to Star. Our Partnership Agreement provides that the general partner shall determine the expenses that are allocable to Star in any reasonable manner determined by the general partner in its sole discretion. In addition, the general partner and its affiliates may provide services to the Star for which a reasonable fee would be charged as determined by the general partner. 
 Kestrel has the ability to elect the Board of Directors of Kestrel Heat, including Messrs. Vermylen, Bauer and Lawrence. Messrs. Vermylen, Bauer and Lawrence are also members of the board of managers of Kestrel and, either directly or through affiliated entities, own equity interests in Kestrel. Kestrel owns all of the issued and outstanding membership interests of Kestrel Heat. 
 Policies Regarding Transactions with Related Persons 
 Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Partnership Governance Guidelines and Partnership Agreement set forth policies and procedures with respect to transactions with persons affiliated with the Company and the resolution of conflicts of interest, which taken together provide the Company with a framework for the review and approval of transactions with related persons as such terms are defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K. 
 In connection with the Company s acquisition of assets that currently form part of the Company s Pennsylvania operations, the Company (through one of its wholly-owned subsidiaries) entered into an agreement to lease certain real estate from the seller of such assets in September 1994. The seller of such assets and the original lessor of the real estate was an entity in which Douglas Woosnam, the father of Jeffrey Woosnam, our president and chief executive officer, held a direct, material interest. Since September 1994, the original lease agreement has been amended and extended multiple times. Further, the original lessor assigned the lease to Douglas Woosnam. The last such amendment and extension occurred in January 2019, prior to the time that Jeff Woosnam became an executive officer of the Company. Pursuant to the terms of that amendment, the lease was extended for an additional period commencing September 13, 2021 and ending September 12, 2026. The total rent for the five-year period commencing September 13, 2021 is 1,004,250, payable in 60 monthly payments of 16,737.50 each. The Company has the option to extend the lease for two additional five year periods at an increased minimum rent rate of 2 and 3 , respectively. The lease and all amendments were negotiated at arms length and the rent payable on a per square foot basis is comparable to the per square foot rental rates of similar commercial property in Southampton, Pennsylvania. The Company is responsible for taxes, insurance, utilities and maintenance of the premises. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, we paid 200,850 in the aggregate to the lessor under the lease agreement. 
 Other than the lease agreement discussed above, for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, Star had no related party transactions or agreements pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K. 
 Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applies to our directors, officers, employees and their affiliates. It deals with conflicts of interest (e.g., transactions with the Company), confidential information, use of Star assets, business dealings, and other similar topics. The Code requires officers, directors and employees to avoid even the appearance of a conflict of interest and to report potential conflicts of interest to the Company s Senior Vice President Accounting or Director of Internal Audit. 
 Our Partnership Governance Guidelines provide that any monetary arrangement between a director and his or her affiliates (including any member of a director s immediate family) and the Company or any of its affiliates for goods or services shall be subject to approval by the full Board of Directors. Although the Partnership Governance Guidelines by their terms only apply to directors the Board intends to apply this requirement to officers and employees and their affiliates. 
 61 
 
 To the extent that the Board determines that it would be in the best interests of the Company to enter into a transaction with a related person, the Board intends to utilize the procedures set forth in the Partnership Agreement for the review and approval of potential conflicts of interest. Our Partnership Agreement provides that whenever a potential conflict of interest exists or arises between the general partner or any of its Affiliates (including its directors, executive officers and controlling members), on the one hand, and the Company or any partner, on the other hand, any resolution or course of action in respect of such conflict of interest shall be permitted and deemed approved by all partners, and shall not constitute a breach of the Partnership Agreement, of any agreement contemplated therein, or of any duty stated or implied by law or equity, if the resolution or course of action is, or by operation of the Partnership Agreement is deemed to be, fair and reasonable to the Company. 
 Any conflict of interest and any resolution of such conflict of interest shall be conclusively deemed fair and reasonable to the Company if such conflict of interest or resolution is (i) approved by a committee of independent directors (the Conflicts Committee ), (ii) on terms no less favorable to the Company than those generally being provided to or available from unrelated third parties or (iii) fair to the Company, taking into account the totality of the relationships between the parties involved (including other transactions that may be particularly favorable or advantageous to the Company). 
 The general partner (including the Conflicts Committee) is authorized in connection with its determination of what is fair and reasonable to the Company and in connection with its resolution of any conflict of interest to consider: 
 (a) the relative interests of any party to such conflict, agreement, transaction or situation and the benefits and burdens relating to such interest; 

(b) any customary or accepted industry practices and any customary or historical dealings with a particular person; 

(c) any applicable generally accepted accounting practices or principles; and 

(d) such additional factors as the general partner (including the Conflicts Committee) determines in its sole discretion to be relevant, reasonable or appropriate under the circumstances. 

ITEM 14. 	 PRINCIPAL ACCOU NTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The following table represents the aggregate fees for professional audit services rendered by KPMG LLP including fees for the audit of our annual financial statements for the fiscal years 2023 and 2022, and for fees billed and accrued for other services rendered by KPMG LLP (in thousands). 

2023 

2022 

Audit Fees (1) 

1,938 

2,127 

Tax Fees (2) 

403 

395 

Total Fees 

2,341 

2,522 

(1) Audit fees were for professional services rendered in connection with audits and quarterly reviews of the consolidated financial statements of the Company. 

(2) Tax fees related to services for tax consulting and tax compliance.	 

Audit Committee: Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures. At its regularly scheduled and special meetings, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors considers and pre-approves any audit and non-audit services to be performed by the Company s independent accountants. The Audit Committee has delegated to its chairman, an independent member of the Company s Board of Directors, the authority to grant pre-approvals of non-audit services provided that the service(s) shall be reported to the Audit Committee at its next regularly scheduled meeting. On June 18, 2003, the Audit Committee adopted its pre-approval policies and procedures. Since that date, there have been no audit or non-audit services rendered by the Company s principal accountants that were not pre-approved. 
 62 
 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINAN CIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 1. Financial Statements See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule set forth on page F-1. 

2. Financial Statement Schedule See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule set forth on page F-1. 

3. Exhibits See Index to Exhibits set forth on the following page. 

ITEM 16. FO RM 10-K SUMMARY 
 	None. 
 63 
 
 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit Number 

Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Limited Partnership (Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 9, 2006.) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Limited Partnership (Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission on October 27, 2017.) 

3.3 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership (Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission on November 6, 2017.) 

10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Management Incentive Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission on July 20, 2012.) 

10.2 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Officers and Directors (Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission on July 21, 2006.) 

10.3 
 
 Form of Amendment No. 1 to Indemnification Agreement (Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission on October 23, 2006.) 

10.4 
 
 Modification of Profit Sharing Plan (Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on December 10, 2014.) 

10.5 
 
 Change in Control Agreement dated December 4, 2007 between Star Gas Partners, L.P. and Richard F. Ambury (Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on December 7, 2007.) 

10.6 
 
 Employment Agreement dated April 28, 2008 between Star Gas Partners, L.P. and Richard Ambury (Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on December 10, 2008.) 

10.7 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of June 19, 2019, between the Company and Jeffrey M. Woosnam regarding employment (Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 21, 2019.) 

10.8 
 
 Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 6, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 6, 2022.) 

10.9 
 
 Sixth Amended and Restated Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of July 6, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 6, 2022.) 

10.10 
 
 First Amendment to Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 26, 2023.) 

14 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 14, 2014.) 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (Filed herewith.) 

64 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, Star Group, L.P., pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, Star Group, L.P., pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

97 
 Star Group L.P. Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy (Filed herewith.) 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed Herewith 
 Employee compensation plan. 
 65 
 
 SIGNAT URE 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the general partner has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized this 6 th day of December, 2023: 

STAR GROUP, L.P. 

By: 
 
 KESTREL HEAT, LLC (General Partner) 

By: 
 
 /s/ Jeffrey M. Woosnam 

Jeffrey M. Woosnam 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the date indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Jeffrey M. Woosnam 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer and Director Kestrel Heat, LLC 
 
 December 6, 2023 

Jeffrey M. Woosnam 

/s/ Richard F. Ambury 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Treasurer and Secretary (Principal 
 
 December 6, 2023 

Richard F. Ambury 
 
 Financial Officer) Kestrel Heat, LLC 

/s/ Cory A. Czekanski 
 
 Vice President Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) Kestrel Heat, LLC 
 
 December 6, 2023 

Cory A. Czekanski 

/s/ Paul A. Vermylen, Jr. 
 
 Non-Executive Chairman of the Board and Director Kestrel Heat, LLC 
 
 December 6, 2023 

Paul A. Vermylen, Jr. 

/s/ Henry D. Babcock 
 
 Director Kestrel Heat, LLC 
 
 December 6, 2023 

Henry D. Babcock 

/s/ C. Scott Baxter 
 
 Director Kestrel Heat, LLC 
 
 December 6, 2023 

C. Scott Baxter 

/s/ David M. Bauer 
 
 Director Kestrel Heat, LLC 
 
 December 6, 2023 

David M. Bauer 

/s/ Daniel P. Donovan 
 
 Director Kestrel Heat, LLC 
 
 December 6, 2023 

Daniel P. Donovan 

/s/ Bryan H. Lawrence 
 
 Director Kestrel Heat, LLC 
 
 December 6, 2023 

Bryan H. Lawrence 

/s/ William P. Nicoletti 
 
 Director Kestrel Heat, LLC 
 
 December 6, 2023 

William P. Nicoletti 

66 

STAR GROUP, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 

Page 

Part II Financial Information: 

Item 8 Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , Auditor Firm ID: 
 
 F- 2 F- 3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022 
 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2023, September 30, 2022 and September 30, 2021 
 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended September 30, 2023, September 30, 2022 and September 30, 2021 
 
 F- 6 

Consolidated Statements of Partners Capital for the years ended September 30, 2023, September 30, 2022 and September 30, 2021 
 
 F- 7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2023, September 30, 2022 and September 30, 2021 
 
 F- 8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F- 9 F- 36 

Schedules for the years ended September 30, 2023, September 30, 2022 and September 30, 2021 

I. Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 
 
 F- 37 F- 39 

II. Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 
 F- 40 

All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or the notes therein. 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registe red Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Unitholders of Star Group, L.P. and Board of Directors of Kestrel Heat, LLC 
 Star Group, L.P.: 
 Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Star Group, L.P. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, partners capital, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedules I and II (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and 
 F- 2 

directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Evaluation of self-insurance liabilities 
 As discussed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company self-insures for a number of risks, including a portion of workers compensation, auto, general liability and medical liability. Self-insurance liabilities are established and periodically evaluated, based upon expectations as to what the ultimate liability may be for outstanding claims using developmental factors based upon historical claim experience, including frequency, severity, demographic factors and other actuarial assumptions, with support from a qualified third-party actuary. The balance of the self-insurance liabilities, as of September 30, 2023 amounted to 77.5 million as shown in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements. We identified the evaluation of the self-insurance liabilities for worker s compensation, auto, and general liability claims as a critical audit matter. Specialized skill and knowledge were necessary to evaluate the actuarial models and key assumptions used to determine the liabilities. Additionally, the evaluation of key assumptions used to estimate the liabilities required complex auditor judgment due to the degree of measurement uncertainty. The key assumptions used include paid and incurred loss development factors, expected loss rates and the selection of the estimated ultimate losses among the estimates derived from the actuarial models. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company s self-insurance process, including controls related to review of the actuarial models and the development and selection of the key assumptions used in the actuarial calculations. We involved our actuarial professionals with specialized knowledge who assisted in : 
 Assessing the actuarial models used by the Company for consistency with generally accepted actuarial standards. 

Evaluating the key assumptions underlying the Company s actuarial estimates by developing an independent expectation of the self-insurance liabilities and comparing the expectation to the amounts recorded by the Company. 

Evaluating the Company s ability to estimate self-insurance liabilities by comparing its historical estimates with actual incurred losses and paid losses. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1995. 
 
 Stamford, Connecticut Decem ber 6, 2023 
 F- 3 

STAR GROUP, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BA LANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2023 

2022 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Receivables, net of allowance of and , respectively 

Inventories 

Fair asset value of derivative instruments 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Assets held for sale 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Goodwill 

Intangibles, net 

Restricted cash 

Captive insurance collateral 

Deferred charges and other assets, net 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS CAPITAL 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Revolving credit facility borrowings 

Fair liability value of derivative instruments 

Current maturities of long-term debt 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Unearned service contract revenue 

Customer credit balances 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt 

Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Deferred tax liabilities, net 

Other long-term liabilities 

Partners capital 

Common unitholders 

General partner 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of taxes 

() 

() 

Total partners capital 

Total liabilities and partners capital 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F- 4 

STAR GROUP, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEME NTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended September 30, 

(in thousands, except per unit data) 
 
 2023 

2022 

2021 

Sales: 

Product 

Installations and services 

Total sales 

Cost and expenses: 

Cost of product 

Cost of installations and services 

(Increase) decrease in the fair value of derivative instruments 

() 

Delivery and branch expenses 

Depreciation and amortization expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Finance charge income 

() 

() 

() 

Operating income 

Interest expense, net 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

() 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

General Partner s interest in net income 

Limited Partners interest in net income 

Basic and diluted income per Limited Partner Unit (1): 

Weighted average number of Limited Partner units outstanding: 

Basic and Diluted 

(1) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 5 

STAR GROUP, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS O F COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Years Ended September 30, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2023 

2022 

2021 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Unrealized gain (loss) on pension plan obligation 

() 

Tax effect of unrealized gain (loss) on pension plan obligation 

() 

() 

Unrealized gain (loss) on captive insurance collateral 

() 

() 

Tax effect of unrealized gain (loss) on captive insurance collateral 

() 

Unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate hedge 

() 

Tax effect of unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate hedge 

() 

() 

Total other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Total comprehensive income 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 6 

STAR GROUP, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PARTNERS CAPITAL 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

Number of Units 

(in thousands) 
 
 Common 

General Partner 

Common 

General Partner 

Accum. Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Total Partners Capital 

Balance as of September 30, 2020 

() 

() 

Net income 

Unrealized gain on pension plan obligation 

Tax effect of unrealized gain on pension plan obligation 

() 

() 

Unrealized loss on captive insurance collateral 

() 

() 

Tax effect of unrealized loss on captive insurance collateral 

Unrealized gain on interest rate hedge 

Tax effect of unrealized gain on interest rate hedge 

() 

() 

Distributions 

() 

() 

() 

Retirement of units 

() 

() 

() 

Balance as of September 30, 2021 

() 

() 

Net income 

Unrealized loss on pension plan obligation 

() 

() 

Tax effect of unrealized loss on pension plan obligation 

Unrealized loss on captive insurance collateral 

() 

() 

Tax effect of unrealized loss on captive insurance collateral 

Unrealized gain on interest rate hedge 

Tax effect of unrealized gain on interest rate hedge 

() 

() 

Distributions 

() 

() 

() 

Retirement of units 

() 

() 

() 

Balance as of September 30, 2022 

() 

() 

Net income 

Unrealized gain on pension plan obligation 

Tax effect of unrealized gain on pension plan obligation 

() 

() 

Unrealized gain on captive insurance collateral 

Tax effect of unrealized gain on captive insurance collateral 

() 

() 

Unrealized loss on interest rate hedge 

() 

() 

Tax effect of unrealized loss on interest rate hedge 

Distributions 

() 

() 

() 

Retirement of units 

() 

() 

() 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 7 

STAR GROUP, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEME NTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended September 30, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2023 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

(Increase) decrease in fair value of derivative instruments 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 

Provision (recovery) for losses on accounts receivable 

() 

Change in deferred taxes 

() 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities net of amounts related to acquisitions: 

Decrease (increase) in receivables 

() 

() 

Decrease (increase) in inventories 

() 

() 

Decrease (increase) in other assets 

() 

(Decrease) increase in accounts payable 

() 

Increase in customer credit balances 

Decrease in other current and long-term liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities: 

Capital expenditures 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sales of fixed assets 

Proceeds from sale of certain assets 

Purchase of investments 

() 

() 

() 

Acquisitions 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities: 

Revolving credit facility borrowings 

Revolving credit facility repayments 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from term loan 

Loan repayments 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions 

() 

() 

() 

Unit repurchases 

() 

() 

() 

Customer retainage payments 

() 

() 

() 

Payments of debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 8 

STAR GROUP, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 reportable segment for accounting purposes. We also sell diesel fuel, gasoline and home heating oil on a delivery only basis. We believe we are the nation s largest retail distributor of home heating oil based upon sales volume. Including our propane locations, we serve customers in the more northern and eastern states within the Northeast, Central and Southeast U.S. regions. The Company is organized as follows: Star is a limited partnership, which at September 30, 2023, had outstanding million Common Units (NYSE: SGU ), representing a limited partner interest in Star, and million general partner units, representing a general partner interest in Star. Our general partner is Kestrel Heat, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Kestrel Heat or the general partner ). The Board of Directors of Kestrel Heat (the Board is appointed by its sole member, Kestrel Energy Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Kestrel ). 

 Star owns of Star Acquisitions, Inc. SA ), a Minnesota corporation, that owns of Petro Holdings, Inc. Petro ). SA and its subsidiaries are subject to Federal and state corporate income taxes. Star s operations are conducted through Petro and its subsidiaries. Petro is primarily a Northeast and Mid-Atlantic U.S. region retail distributor of home heating oil and propane that at September 30, 2023 served approximately full service residential and commercial home heating oil and propane customers and customers on a delivery only basis. We also sell gasoline and diesel fuel to approximately customers. We install, maintain, and repair heating and air conditioning equipment and to a lesser extent provide these services outside our heating oil and propane customer base including approximately service contracts for natural gas and other heating systems. 

 Petroleum Heat and Power Co., Inc. PH P is an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Star. PH P is the borrower and Star is the guarantor of the sixth amended and restated credit agreement s million senior secured term loan and the million million during the heating season of December through April of each year) revolving credit facility, both due . (See Note 13 Long-Term Debt and Bank Facility Borrowings). 

or less, when purchased, to be cash equivalents. At September 30, 2023, the million of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash on the consolidated statement of cash flows is comprised of million of cash and cash equivalents and million of restricted cash. At September 30, 2022, the million of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash on the consolidated statement of cash flows is comprised of million of cash and cash equivalents and million of restricted cash. Restricted cash represents deposits held by our captive insurance company that are required by state insurance regulations to remain in the captive insurance company as cash. 

, buildings and leasehold improvements useful lives are between five and , fleet and other equipment useful lives are between one to , tanks and equipment lives are between three to , furniture, fixtures and office equipment useful lives are between five to . 
 measure the ROU assets and operating lease liabilities. Changes in the index and other variable payments are expensed as incurred. The interest rate used to determine the present value of the future lease payments is our incremental borrowing rate, because the interest rate implicit in our operating leases is not readily determinable. The basis for an incremental borrowing rate is our Term Loan, market-based yield curves and comparable debt securities. 
 
 reporting unit and performs a qualitative, and when necessary quantitative, impairment test on its goodwill annually on August 31 st or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that the value of goodwill might be impaired. We performed qualitative assessments (commonly referred to as Step 0) to evaluate whether it is more-likely-than-not (a likelihood that is more than that goodwill has been impaired, as a basis to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step quantitative impairment test. This qualitative assessment includes a review of factors such as our reporting unit s market value compared to its carrying value, our short-term and long-term unit price performance, our planned overall business strategy compared to recent financial results, as well as macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, and other relevant Company-specific events. Goodwill impairment if any, needs to be determined if the net book value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value. If goodwill is determined to be impaired, the amount of impairment is measured based on the excess of the net book value of the goodwill over the implied fair value of the goodwill. The Company performed its annual goodwill impairment valuation in each of the periods ending August 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, and it was determined based on each year s analysis that there was goodwill impairment. Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives to their estimated residual values, and reviewed for impairment whenever changes in circumstances indicate that the assets may be impaired. The assessment for impairment requires estimates of future cash flows related to the intangible asset. To the extent the carrying value of the assets exceeds its future undiscounted cash flows, an impairment loss is recorded based on the fair value of the asset. We use amortization methods and determine asset values based on our best estimates using reasonable and supportable assumptions and projections. Key assumptions used to determine the value of these intangibles include projections of future customer attrition or growth rates, product margin increases, operating expenses, our cost of capital, and corporate income tax rates. For significant acquisitions we may engage a third party valuation firm to assist in the valuation of intangible assets of that acquisition. We assess the useful lives of intangible assets based on the estimated period over which we will receive benefit from such intangible assets such as historical evidence regarding customer churn rate. In some cases, the estimated useful lives are based on contractual terms. Customer lists are the names and addresses of an acquired company s customers. Based on historical retention experience, these lists are amortized on a straight-line basis over seven to . Trade names are the names of acquired companies. Based on the economic benefit expected and historical retention experience of customers, trade names are amortized on a straight-line basis over three to . 
 
 million of goodwill and million of property and equipment, net. We measure and record assets held for sale at the lower of their carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. The carrying amounts of the assets held for sale approximated their fair value at September 30, 2022. 

million, million, and million, in 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively and are recorded in delivery and branch expenses. 

likely of being realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. Our continuing practice is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters as a component of income tax expense. 

million annually. In addition, we are obligated to make an annual payment capped at million if degree days exceed the Payment Threshold. The temperatures experienced during the fiscal 2023 and 2022, were warmer than the strikes in the weather hedge contracts. As a result in fiscal 2023 and 2022, the Company reduced delivery and branch expenses for the gains realized under those contracts by million and million, respectively. The amounts payable by the counterparties under the weather hedge contracts were received in full in April 2023 and April 2022, respectively. For fiscal 2024, the Company entered into a weather hedge contract with the similar hedge period described above. The maximum that the Company can receive is million annually and the Company has no obligation to pay the counterparty beyond the initial premium should degree days exceed the Payment Threshold. Pension plans The Company has two frozen defined benefit pension plans the Plan ). The Company has no post-retirement benefit plans. The Company estimates the rate of return on plan assets and the discount rate used to estimate the present value of future benefit obligations in determining its annual pension and other postretirement benefit cost. The Company believes that the assumptions utilized in recording its obligations under its plans are reasonable based on its experience and market conditions. 
 million of interest rate swap agreements at September 30, 2023 that are benchmarked against LIBOR, which the Company has designated as cash flow hedging derivatives. This guidance includes practical expedients for contract modifications due to reference rate reform. The Company has elected to adopt the practical expedient that the Company may change the contractual terms of the interest rate swap agreements that are expected to be affected by reference rate reform and not be required to de-designate the hedging relationships. The Company's adoption of the ASU did not have an impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures . 

Motor fuel and other petroleum products 

Total petroleum products 

Installations and Services: 

Equipment installations 

Equipment maintenance service contracts 

Billable call services 

Total installations and services 

Total Sales 

Performance Obligations Petroleum product revenues consist of home heating oil and propane as well as diesel fuel and gasoline. Revenues from petroleum products are recognized at the time of delivery to the customer when control is passed from the Company to the customer. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for transferring control of the petroleum products. Approximately of our full service residential and commercial home heating oil customers automatically receive deliveries based on prevailing weather conditions. We offer several pricing alternatives to our residential home heating oil customers, including a variable price (market based) option and a price-protected option, the latter of which either sets the maximum price or a fixed price that a customer will pay. Equipment maintenance service contracts primarily cover heating, air conditioning, and natural gas equipment. We generally do not sell equipment maintenance service contracts to heating oil customers that do not take delivery of product from us. The service contract period of our equipment maintenance service contracts is generally or less. Revenues from equipment maintenance service contracts are recognized into income over the terms of the respective service contracts, on a straight-line basis. Our obligation to perform service is consistent through the duration of the contracts, and the straight-line basis of recognition is a faithful depiction of the transfer of our services. To the extent that the Company anticipates that future costs for fulfilling its contractual obligations under its equipment service contracts will exceed the amount of deferred revenue currently attributable to these contracts, the Company recognizes a loss in current period earnings equal to the amount that anticipated future costs exceed related deferred revenues. Revenue from billable call services (repairs, maintenance and other services) and equipment installations (heating, air conditioning, and natural gas equipment) are recognized at the time that the work is performed. Our standard payment terms are generally days. Sales reported for product, installations and services exclude taxes assessed by various governmental authorities. Contract Costs , other than new residential product and equipment maintenance service contracts, as an expense when incurred when the amortization period of the asset that we otherwise would have recognized is one year or less. We recognize an asset for incremental commission expenses paid to sales personnel in conjunction with obtaining new residential customer product and equipment maintenance service contracts. We defer these costs only when we have determined the commissions are, in fact, incremental and would not have been incurred absent the customer contract. Costs to obtain a contract are amortized and recorded ratably as delivery and branch expenses over the period representing the transfer of goods or services to which the assets relate. Costs to obtain new residential product and equipment maintenance service contracts are amortized as expense over the estimated customer relationship period of approximately . Deferred contract costs are classified as current or non-current within Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Deferred charges and other assets, net, respectively. At September 30, 2023 the amount of deferred contract costs included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Deferred charges and other assets, net was million and million, respectively. At September 30, 2022 the amount of deferred contract costs included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Deferred charges and other assets, net was million and million, respectively. For the years ended September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022 we recognized expense of million and million, respectively, associated with the amortization of deferred contract costs within delivery and branch expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. We recognize an impairment charge to the extent the carrying amount of a deferred cost exceeds the remaining amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for the petroleum products and services related to the cost, less the expected costs related directly to providing those petroleum products and services that have not yet been recognized as expenses. There have been impairment charges recognized for the twelve months ended September 30, 2023, September 30, 2022 and September 30, 2021. Allocation of Transaction Price to Separate Performance Obligations Our contracts with customers often include distinct performance obligations to transfer products and perform equipment maintenance services to a customer that are accounted for separately. Judgment is required to determine the stand-alone selling price for each distinct performance obligation for the purpose of allocating the transaction price to separate performance obligations. We determine the stand-alone selling price using information that may include market conditions and other observable inputs and typically have more than one stand-alone selling price for petroleum products and equipment maintenance services due to the stratification of those products and services by geography and customer characteristics. Contract Liability Balances The Company has contract liabilities for advanced payments received from customers for future oil deliveries (primarily amounts received from customers on smart pay budget payment plans in advance of oil deliveries) and obligations to service customers with equipment maintenance service contracts. Approximately of our residential customers take advantage of our smart pay budget payment plan under which their estimated annual oil and propane deliveries and service contract billings are paid for in a series of equal monthly installments. Our smart pay budget payment plans are annual and generally begin outside of the heating season. We generally have received advanced amounts from customers on smart pay budget payment plans prior to the heating season, which are reduced as oil deliveries are made. For customers that are not on smart pay budget payment plans, we generally receive the full contract amount for equipment service contracts with customers at the outset of the contracts. Contract liabilities are recognized straight-line over the service contract period, generally or less. As of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022 the Company had contract liabilities of million and million, respectively. During the year ended September 30, 2023 the Company recognized million of revenue that was included in the September 30, 2022 contract liability balance. During the year ended September 30, 2022 the Company recognized million of revenue that was included in the September 30, 2021 contract liability balance. Receivables and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

Current period provision 

Write-offs, net and other 
 
 () 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

per quarter on an annual basis). In general, the Company intends to distribute to its partners on a quarterly basis, all of its available cash, if any, in the manner described below. Available cash generally means, for any of its fiscal quarters, all cash on hand at the end of that quarter, less the amount of cash reserves that are necessary or appropriate in the reasonable discretion of the general partners to: provide for the proper conduct of the Company s business including acquisitions and debt payments; 

 comply with applicable law, any of its debt instruments or other agreements; or 

 provide funds for distributions to the common unitholders during the next four quarters, in some circumstances. 

 Available cash will generally be distributed as follows: first, to the common units, pro rata, until the Company distributes to each common unit the minimum quarterly distribution of 0.0675; 

 second, to the common units, pro rata, until the Company distributes to each common unit any arrearages in payment of the minimum quarterly distribution on the common units for prior quarters; 

 third, to the general partner units, pro rata, until the Company distributes to each general partner unit the minimum quarterly distribution of 0.0675; 

 fourth, to the common units, pro rata, and to the general partner units, pro rata (subject to the Management Incentive Plan), until the Company distributes to each common unit the first target distribution of ; and 

 thereafter, to the common units, pro rata, and to the general partner units, pro rata. 

 The Company is obligated to meet certain financial covenants under the sixth amended and restated credit agreement. The Company must maintain excess availability of at least of the revolving commitment then in effect and a fixed charge coverage ratio of through February 27, 2024 and thereafter in order to make any distributions to unitholders. (See Note 13 Long-Term Debt and Bank Facility Borrowings) For fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, cash distributions declared per common unit were , , and , respectively. For fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, million, million, and million, respectively, of incentive distributions were paid to the general partner, exclusive of amounts paid subject to the Management Incentive Plan. 

 million Common Units under the Repurchase Plan. In May 2023, the Board authorized an increase of the number of Common Units that remained available for the Company to repurchase from million to a total of million, of which, million were available for repurchase in open market transactions and million were available for repurchase in privately-negotiated transactions. There is no guarantee of the number of units that will be purchased under the Repurchase Plan and the Company may discontinue purchases at any time. The Repurchase Plan does not have a time limit. The Board may also approve additional purchases of units from time to time in private transactions. The Company s repurchase activities take into account SEC safe harbor rules and guidance for issuer repurchases. All of the Common Units purchased under the Repurchase Plan will be retired. Under the Credit Agreement dated July 6, 2022, in order to repurchase Common Units we must maintain Availability (as defined in the sixth amended and restated credit agreement) of million, of the facility size of million (assuming no borrowings under the seasonal advance) on a historical pro forma and forward-looking basis, and a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than through February 27, 2024 and thereafter measured as of the date of repurchase or distribution. (See Note 13 Long-Term Debt and Bank Facility Borrowings). 

First quarter fiscal year 2023 total 

Second quarter fiscal year 2023 total 

Third quarter fiscal year 2023 total 

(b) 

Fourth quarter fiscal year 2023 total 

Fiscal year 2023 total 

October 2023 

November 2023 

(c) 
 
 (a) 

 (b) million to million. 

 (c) million are available for repurchase in open market transactions and million are available for repurchase in privately-negotiated transactions. 

U.S. Government Sponsored Agencies 

() 

Corporate Debt Securities 

() 

Total 

() 

Investments at September 30, 2022 consist of the following (in thousands): 

Amortized Cost 

Gross Unrealized Gain 

Gross Unrealized (Loss) 

Fair Value 

Cash and Receivables 

U.S. Government Sponsored Agencies 

() 

Corporate Debt Securities 

() 

Total 

() 

Due after one year through five years 

Due after five years through ten years 

Total 

million gallons of swap contracts with a notional value of million and a fair value of million, million gallons of call options with a notional value of million and a fair value of million, million gallons of put options with a notional value of million and a fair value of million, and million net gallons of synthetic call options with an average notional value of million and a fair value of million. To hedge the inter-month differentials for its price-protected customers, its physical inventory on hand and inventory in transit, the Company, as of September 30, 2023, had million gallons of short future contracts that settle daily with a notional value of million and a fair value of million. To hedge its internal fuel usage and other related activities for fiscal 2024, the Company, as of September 30, 2023, had million gallons of swap contracts with a notional value of million and a fair value of million that settle in future months. As of September 30, 2022, to hedge a substantial majority of the purchase price associated with heating oil gallons anticipated to be sold to its price-protected customers, the Company held the following derivative instruments that settle in future months to match anticipated sales: million gallons of swap contracts with a notional value of million and a fair value of million, million gallons of call options with a notional value of million and a fair value of million, million gallons of put options with a notional value of million and a fair value of million, and million net gallons of synthetic call options with an average notional value of million and a fair value of million. To hedge the inter-month differentials for its price-protected customers, its physical inventory on hand and inventory in transit, the Company, as of September 30, 2022, had million gallons of short future contracts that settle daily with a notional value of million and a fair value of million and gallons of swap contracts that settle daily with a notional value of million and a fair value of million. To hedge its internal fuel usage and other related activities for fiscal 2023, the Company, as of September 30, 2022, had million gallons of swap contracts with a notional value of million and a fair value of million that settle in future months. As of September 30, 2023, the Company has interest rate swap agreements in order to mitigate exposure to market risk associated with variable rate interest on million, or , of its long term debt. The Company has designated its interest rate swap agreements as cash flow hedging derivatives. To the extent these derivative instruments are effective and the accounting standard s documentation requirements have been met, changes in fair value are recognized in other comprehensive income until the underlying hedged item is recognized in earnings. As of September 30, 2023 the fair value of the swap contracts was million. As of September 30, 2022, the notional value of the swap contracts was million and the fair value of the swap contracts was million. We utilized Level 2 inputs in the fair value hierarchy of valuation techniques to determine the fair value of the swap contracts. The Company s derivative instruments are with the following counterparties: Bank of America, N.A., Bank of Montreal, Cargill, Inc., Citibank, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Key Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. The Company assesses counterparty credit risk and considers it to be low. We maintain master netting arrangements that allow for the non-conditional offsetting of amounts receivable and payable with counterparties to help manage our risks and record derivative positions on a net basis. The Company generally does not receive cash collateral from its counterparties and does not restrict the use of cash collateral it maintains at counterparties. At September 30, 2023, the aggregate cash posted as collateral in the normal course of business at counterparties was million. Positions with counterparties who are also parties to our credit agreement are collateralized under that facility. As of September 30, 2023, million hedge positions or payable amounts were secured under the credit facility. The Company s Level 1 derivative assets and liabilities represent the fair value of commodity contracts used in its hedging activities that are identical and traded in active markets. The Company s Level 2 derivative assets and liabilities represent the fair value of commodity and interest rate contracts used in its hedging activities that are valued using either directly or indirectly observable inputs, whose nature, risk and class are similar. No significant transfers of assets or liabilities have been made into and out of the Level 1 or Level 2 tiers. All derivative instruments were non-trading positions and were either a Level 1 or Level 2 instrument. The Company had no Level 3 derivative instruments. The fair market value of our Level 1 and Level 2 derivative assets and liabilities are calculated by our counter-parties and are independently validated by the Company. The Company s calculations are, for Level 1 derivative assets and liabilities, based on the published New York Mercantile Exchange NYMEX market prices for the commodity contracts open at the end of the period. For Level 2 derivative assets and liabilities the calculations performed by the Company are based on a combination of the NYMEX published market prices and other inputs, including such factors as present value, volatility and duration. 

Commodity contracts 
 
 Long-term derivative assets included in the deferred charges and other assets, net and other long-term liabilities, net balances 

Commodity contract assets at September 30, 2023 

Liability Derivatives at September 30, 2023 

Commodity contracts 
 
 Fair asset and liability value of derivative instruments 

() 

() 

Commodity contracts 
 
 Long-term derivative liabilities included in the deferred charges and other assets, net and other long-term liabilities, net balances 

() 

() 

Commodity contract liabilities at September 30, 2023 

() 

() 

Asset Derivatives at September 30, 2022 

Commodity contracts 
 
 Fair asset and liability value of derivative instruments 

Commodity contracts 
 
 Long-term derivative assets included in the deferred charges and other assets, net 

Commodity contract assets at September 30, 2022 

Liability Derivatives at September 30, 2022 

Commodity contracts 
 
 Fair asset and liability value of derivative instruments 

() 

() 

Commodity contracts 
 
 Long-term derivative assets included in the deferred charges and other assets, net 

() 

() 

Commodity contract liabilities at September 30, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

Long-term derivative assets included in deferred charges and other assets, net 

() 

Fair liability value of derivative instruments 

() 

() 

() 

Long-term derivative liabilities included in other long-term liabilities, net 

() 

() 

() 

Total at September 30, 2023 

() 

Fair asset value of derivative instruments 

() 

Long-term derivative assets included in deferred charges and other assets, net 

() 

Fair liability value of derivative instruments 

() 

() 

() 

Total at September 30, 2022 

() 

() 

Commodity contracts 
 
 Cost of installations and service (a) 

() 

() 

Commodity contracts 
 
 Delivery and branch expenses (a) 

() 

Commodity contracts 
 
 (Increase) / decrease in the fair value of derivative instruments (b) 

() 
 
 (a)	 (b)	 

Parts and equipment 

Total inventory 

Product inventories were comprised of million gallons and million gallons on September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, respectively. The Company has market price based product supply contracts for approximately million gallons of home heating oil and propane, and million gallons of diesel and gasoline, which it expects to fully utilize to meet its requirements over the next twelve months. During fiscal 2023, Shell Trading and Shell Oil Products US provided approximately of our petroleum product purchases and Motiva Enterprises LLC provided approximately of our petroleum product purchases. During fiscal 2022, Global Companies LLC and Motiva Enterprises LLC provided approximately and of our petroleum product purchases, respectively. 

Buildings and leasehold improvements 

Fleet and other equipment 

Tanks and equipment 

Furniture, fixtures and office equipment 

Total 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation and amortization expense related to property and equipment was million, million, and million, for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 

 propane and heating oil businesses for approximately million (using million in cash). The gross purchase price was allocated million to intangible assets, million to goodwill, million to fixed assets and reduced by million of negative working capital. The acquired companies operating results are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements starting on their respective acquisition date, and are not material to the Company s financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. During fiscal 2022, the Company acquired heating oil businesses for approximately million (using million in cash and assuming million of liabilities). The gross purchase price was allocated million to intangible assets, million to goodwill, million to fixed assets and reduced by million of negative working capital. The acquired companies operating results are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements starting on their respective acquisition date, and are not material to the Company s financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. During fiscal 2021, the Company acquired propane and heating oil businesses for approximately million (using million in cash and assuming million of liabilities). The gross purchase price was allocated million to goodwill and intangible assets, million to fixed assets and reduced by million of negative working capital. The acquired companies operating results are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements starting on their respective acquisition date, and are not material to the Company s financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 

 F- 24 

Fiscal year 2022 business combinations 

Goodwill included within assets held for sale 

() 

Other 

() 

Balance as of September 30, 2022 

Fiscal year 2023 business combinations 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

Intangibles, net 

Trade names and other intangibles 

Total 

Amortization expense for intangible assets was million, million, and million, for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Self-insurance liabilities 

Other accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

F- 25 

Senior Secured Term Loan (b) 

Total debt 

Total short-term portion of debt 

Total long-term portion of debt 

(a) 

 (b) million as of September 30, 2023 and million as of September 30, 2022. 

On July 6, 2022, the Company refinanced its term loan and the revolving credit facility with the execution of the sixth amended and restated revolving credit facility agreement (the credit agreement with a bank syndicate comprised of ten participants, which enables the Company to borrow up to million million during the heating season of December through April of each year) on a revolving credit facility for working capital purposes (subject to certain borrowing base limitations and coverage ratios), provides for a million five-year senior secured term loan Term Loan ), allows for the issuance of up to million in letters of credit, and has a maturity date of . The Company can increase the revolving credit facility size by million without the consent of the bank group. However, the bank group is not obligated to fund the million increase. If the bank group elects not to fund the increase, the Company can add additional lenders to the group, with the consent of the Agent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. Obligations under the credit agreement are guaranteed by the Company and its subsidiaries and are secured by liens on substantially all of the Company s assets including accounts receivable, inventory, general intangibles, real property, fixtures and equipment. All amounts outstanding under the credit agreement become due and payable on the facility termination date of July 6, 2027. The Term Loan is repayable in quarterly payments of million, plus an annual payment equal to of the annual Excess Cash Flow as defined in the credit agreement (an amount not to exceed million annually), less certain voluntary prepayments made during the year, with final payment at maturity. As of September 30, 2023, the Company expects to make approximately million of additional term loan repayments due to Excess Cash Flow for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The amount is included in the caption current maturities of long-term debt on our consolidated balance sheet. In fiscal 2022, the Company did t have to make an Excess Cash Flow payment. The interest rate on the revolving credit facility and the term loan is based on a margin over Adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR or a base rate. At September 30, 2023, the effective interest rate on the term loan and revolving credit facility borrowings was approximately and , respectively. At September 30, 2022, the effective interest rate on the term loan and revolving credit facility borrowings was approximately and , respectively. The Commitment Fee on the unused portion of the revolving credit facility is from December through April, and from May through November. The credit agreement requires the Company to meet certain financial covenants, including a fixed charge coverage ratio (as defined in the credit agreement) of not less than as long as the Term Loan is outstanding or revolving credit facility availability is less than of the facility size. In addition, as long as the Term Loan is outstanding, a senior secured leverage ratio cannot be more than as calculated as of the quarters ending June or September, and no more than as calculated as of the quarters ending December or March. On September 26, 2023, the Company signed a first amendment (the Amendment to its Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with a group of banks, which provides temporary relief from certain financial covenants under the Credit Agreement that must be satisfied in order for the Company to make distributions and unit repurchases or, if availability under the Credit Agreement drops below a minimum threshold due to, among other things, the Company making acquisitions. In particular, the Amendment reduces the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio for distributions and unit repurchases during the period commencing October 31, 2023 and ending February 27, 2024 (the Relief Period from -to-1.00 down to -to-1.00. The Amendment also reduces the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio that must be maintained by the Company if availability under the under the Credit Agreement drops below of the facility size during the Relief Period from -to-1.00 down to -to-1.00. Certain restrictions are also imposed by the credit agreement, including restrictions on the Company s ability to incur additional indebtedness, to pay distributions to unitholders, to pay certain inter-company dividends or distributions, make investments, grant liens, sell assets, make acquisitions and engage in certain other activities. At September 30, 2023, million of the term loan was outstanding, million was outstanding under the revolving credit facility, million hedge positions were secured under the credit agreement and million of letters of credit were issued and outstanding. At September 30, 2022, million of the term loan was outstanding, million was outstanding under the revolving credit facility, we did t have to provide collateral for our hedge positions under the credit agreement and million of letters of credit were issued and outstanding. At September 30, 2023, availability was million, the Company was in compliance with the fixed charge coverage ratio and the senior secured leverage ratio, and the restricted net assets totaled approximately million. Restricted net assets are assets in the Company s subsidiaries, the distribution or transfer of which to Star Group, L.P. are subject to limitations under its credit agreement. At September 30, 2022, availability was million, the Company was in compliance with the fixed charge coverage ratio and the senior secured leverage ratio, and the restricted net assets totaled approximately million. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

to of compensation, subject to IRS limitations. The Company s aggregate contributions to the 401(k) plans during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, were million, million, and million, respectively. The Company s aggregate contribution to the other defined contribution plans for fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, were million, million, and million respectively. Management Incentive Compensation Plan The Company has a Management Incentive Compensation Plan the Plan ). The long-term compensation structure is intended to align the employee s performance with the long-term performance of our unitholders. Under the Plan, certain named employees who participate shall be entitled to receive a pro rata share of an amount in cash equal to: of the distributions Incentive Distributions of Available Cash in excess of the minimum quarterly distribution of per unit otherwise distributable to Kestrel Heat pursuant to the Company Agreement on account of its general partner units; and 

 of the cash proceeds (the Gains Interest which Kestrel Heat shall receive from the sale of its general partner units (as defined in the Partnership Agreement), less expenses and applicable taxes. 

 The pro rata share payable to each participant under the Plan is based on the number of participation points as described under Fiscal 2023 Compensation Decisions Management Incentive Compensation Plan. The amount paid in Incentive Distributions is governed by the Partnership Agreement and the calculation of Available Cash. To fund the benefits under the Plan, Kestrel Heat has agreed to forego receipt of the amount of Incentive Distributions that are payable to plan participants. For accounting purposes, amounts payable to management under this Plan will be treated as compensation and will reduce net income. Kestrel Heat has also agreed to contribute to the Company, as a contribution to capital, an amount equal to the Gains Interest payable to participants in the Plan by the Company. The Company is not required to reimburse Kestrel Heat for amounts payable pursuant to the Plan. The Plan is administered by the Company s Chief Financial Officer under the direction of the Board or by such other officer as the Board may from time to time direct. In general, no payments will be made under the Plan if the Company is not distributing cash under the Incentive Distributions described above. In fiscal 2012, the Board of Directors adopted certain amendments (the Plan Amendments to the Plan. Under the Plan Amendments, the number and identity of the Plan participants and their participation interests in the Plan have been frozen at the current levels. In addition, under the Plan Amendments, the plan benefits (to the extent vested) may be transferred upon the death of a participant to his or her heirs. A participant s vested percentage of his or her plan benefits will be during the time a participant is an employee or consultant of the Company. Following the termination of such positions, a participant s vested percentage is equal to for each full or partial year of employment or consultation with the Company starting with the fiscal year ended September 30, 2012 33 1/3 in the case of the Company s chief executive officer at that time). The Company distributed to management and the general partner Incentive Distributions of approximately during fiscal 2023, during fiscal 2022, and during fiscal 2021. Included in these amounts for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, were distributions under the management incentive compensation plan of , , and , respectively, of which named executive officers received approximately during fiscal 2023, during fiscal 2022, and during fiscal 2021. With regard to the Gains Interest, Kestrel Heat has not given any indication that it will sell its general partner units within the next twelve months. Thus the Plan s value attributable to the Gains Interest currently cannot be determined. Multiemployer Pension Plans At September 30, 2023, approximately of our employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements and approximately of our employees are in collective bargaining agreements that are up for renewal within the next fiscal year. We contribute to various multiemployer union administered pension plans under the terms of collective bargaining agreements that provide for such plans for covered union-represented employees. The risks of participating in these multiemployer plans are different from single-employer plans in that assets contributed are pooled and may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. If a participating employer stops contributing to the plan, the remaining participating employers may be required to bear the unfunded obligations of the plan. If we choose to stop participating in a multiemployer plan, we may be required to pay a withdrawal liability in part based on the underfunded status of the plan. The following table outlines our participation and contributions to multiemployer pension plans for the periods ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021. The EIN/Pension Plan Number column provides the Employer Identification Number EIN and the three-digit plan number. The most recent Pension Protection Act Zone Status for 2023 and 2022 relates to the plans two most recent fiscal year-ends, based on information received from the plans as reported on their Form 5500 Schedule MB. Among other factors, plans in the red zone are generally less than percent funded and are designated as critical or critical and declining, plans in the yellow zone are less than percent funded and are designated as endangered, and plans in the green zone are at least percent funded. As of September 30, 2023 the New England Teamsters and Trucking Industry Pension Fund the NETTI Fund ), IAM National Pension, Teamsters Local 469 Pension and Local 445 Pension funds have been classified as carrying red zone status, meaning that the value of fund s assets are less than of the actuarial value of the fund s benefit obligations or have made a voluntary election. The FIP/RP Status Pending/Implemented column indicates plans for which a financial improvement plan FIP or a rehabilitation plan RP is either pending or has been implemented. Certain plans have been aggregated in the All Other Multiemployer Pension Plans line of the following table, as our participation in each of these individual plans is not significant. For the Westchester Teamsters Pension Fund, Local 553 Pension Fund and Local 463 Pension Fund, we provided more than percent of the total plan contributions from all employers for 2023, 2022 and 2021, as disclosed in the respective plan s Form 5500. The collective bargaining agreements of these plans require contributions based on the hours worked and there are minimum contributions required. 

Yes / 

to 

Westchester Teamsters Pension Fund 
 
 13-6123973 / 

N/A 

to 

Local 553 Pension Fund 
 
 13-6637826 / 

N/A 

to 

Local 463 Pension Fund 
 
 11-1800729 / 

N/A 

to 

IAM National Pension Fund 
 
 51-6031295 / 

Yes / 

to 

Teamsters Local 469 Pension Plan 
 
 22-6172237 / 

Yes / 

Local 445 Pension Fund 
 
 13-1864489 / 

Yes / 

All Other Multiemployer Pension Plans 

Total Contributions 

Agreement with the New England Teamsters and Trucking Industry Pension Fund In fiscal 2015, the Teamsters ratified an agreement among certain subsidiaries of the Company and the NETTI Fund, a multiemployer pension plan in which such subsidiaries participate, providing for the Company s participating subsidiaries to withdraw from the NETTI Fund s original employer pool and enter the NETTI Fund s new employer pool. The NETTI Fund includes over hundred of our current employees. The withdrawal from the original employer pool triggered an undiscounted withdrawal obligation of million that is to be paid in equal monthly installments over years, or million per year. Our status in the newly-established pool of the NETTI Fund is accounted for as participation in a new multiemployer pension plan, and therefore we recognize expense based on the contractually-required contribution for each period, and we recognize a liability for any contributions due and unpaid at the end of a reporting period. As of September 30, 2023 we had million and million balances included in the captions accrued expenses and other current liabilities and other long-term liabilities, respectively, on our consolidated balance sheet representing the remaining balance of the NETTI Fund withdrawal liability. As of September 30, 2022 we had million and million balances included in the captions accrued expenses and other current liabilities and other long-term liabilities, respectively. Based on the borrowing rates currently available to the Company for long-term financing of a similar maturity, the fair value of the NETTI Fund withdrawal liability as of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022 were million and million, respectively. We utilized Level 2 inputs in the fair value hierarchy of valuation techniques to determine the fair value of this liability. Defined Benefit Plans The Company has frozen defined benefit pension plans the Plan ). The Company has no post-retirement benefit plans. 

() 

Funded status at the end of the year 

Interest cost 

() 

Actual return on plan assets 

() 

Employer contributions 

Benefit payments 

() 

Investment and other expenses 

() 

Difference between actual and expected return on plan assets 

() 

Anticipated expenses 

() 

Actuarial gain 

() 

Amortization of unrecognized net actuarial loss 

() 

Annual cost/change 

() 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

() 

Funded status at the end of the year 

Fiscal Year 2022 

Interest cost 

() 

Actual return on plan assets 

() 

Employer contributions 

Benefit payments 

() 

Investment and other expenses 

() 

Difference between actual and expected return on plan assets 

() 

Anticipated expenses 

Actuarial gain 

() 

Amortization of unrecognized net actuarial loss 

() 

Annual cost/change 

() 

Ending balance 

() 

Funded status at the end of the year 

Fiscal Year 2023 

Interest cost 

() 

Actual return on plan assets 

() 

Employer contributions 

() 

Benefit payments 

() 

Investment and other expenses 

() 

Difference between actual and expected return on plan assets 

() 

Anticipated expenses 

Actuarial gain 

() 

Amortization of unrecognized net actuarial loss 

() 

Annual cost/change 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

() 

Funded status at the end of the year 

At September 30, 2023 the amounts included on the balance sheet in deferred charges and other assets were million, and at September 30, 2022 the amounts included on the balance sheet in deferred charges and other assets were million. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 the actuarial gains and losses affecting the benefit obligations were not material. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, the actuarial gain was primarily due to the increase in the weighted average discount rate relating to the frozen defined benefit plans from as of September 30, 2021 to as of September 30, 2022. The million net actuarial loss balance at September 30, 2023 for the two frozen defined benefit pension plans in accumulated other comprehensive income will be recognized and amortized into net periodic pension costs as an actuarial loss in future years. 

Expected return on plan assets for the year ended 

Rate of compensation increase 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

The expected return on plan assets is determined based on the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and the market-related value of plan assets determined using fair value. The Company s expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is updated at least annually, taking into consideration our asset allocation, historical returns on the types of assets held, and the current economic environment. For fiscal year 2024, the Company s assumption for return on plan assets will be per annum. The discount rate used to determine net periodic pension expense for fiscal year 2023, 2022, and 2021 was , , and , respectively. The discount rate used by the Company in determining pension expense and pension obligations reflects the yield of high quality (AA or better rating by a recognized rating agency) corporate bonds whose cash flows are expected to match the timing and amounts of projected future benefit payments. The Plan s objectives are to have the ability to pay benefit and expense obligations when due, to maintain the funded ratio of the Plan, to maximize return within reasonable and prudent levels of risk in order to minimize contributions and charges to the profit and loss statement, and to control costs of administering the Plan and managing the investments of the Plan. The target asset allocation of the Plan (currently domestic fixed income, domestic equities and international equities and cash and cash equivalents) is based on a long-term perspective, and as the Plan gets closer to being fully funded, the allocations have been adjusted to lower volatility from equity holdings. The Company had no Level 2 or Level 3 pension plan assets during the two years ended September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022. 

U.S. large-cap equity (1) 

International equity (1) 

Cash 

Total 

(1) 

 The Company is not obligated to make a minimum required contribution in fiscal year 2023, and currently does t expect to make an optional pension contribution. Expected benefit payments over each of the next five years will total approximately million per year. Expected benefit payments for the five years thereafter will aggregate approximately million. 

 million and recorded a related deferred tax asset of million at September 30, 2022. amount is deferred as of September 30, 2023. On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Reform Act was enacted into law. The Tax Reform Act allows for the full depreciation, in the year acquired, for certain fixed assets purchased between September 28, 2017 and December 31, 2022 (also known as bonus depreciation). 

State 

Deferred 

Federal 

() 

() 

State 

() 

Provision for income taxes: 

Tax at Federal statutory rate 

State taxes net of federal benefit 

Permanent differences 

Change in valuation allowance 

Other 

() 

() 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Vacation accrual 

Pension accrual 

Allowance for bad debts 

Insurance accrual 

Inventory capitalization 

() 

Other, net 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Property and equipment 

Intangibles 

Fair value of derivative instruments 

Other, net 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred taxes 

() 

() 

In order to fully realize the net deferred tax assets, the Company s corporate subsidiaries will need to generate future taxable income. A valuation allowance is recognized if, based on the weight of available evidence including historical tax losses, it is more likely than not that some or all of deferred tax assets will not be realized. The net change in the total valuation allowance for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 was million. The net change in the total valuation allowance for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 was million. Based upon a review of a number of factors and all available evidence, including recent historical operating performance, the expectation of sustainable earnings, and the confidence that sufficient positive taxable income will continue in all tax jurisdictions for the foreseeable future, management concludes, it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the full benefit of its deferred tax assets, net of existing valuation allowance related to State net operating loss carryforwards at September 30, 2023. As of January 1, 2023, the Company had State tax effected net operating loss carry forwards NOLs of approximately million after consideration of valuation allowances. The State NOLs, which will expire between 2023 and 2037 , are generally available to offset any future taxable income in certain states At September 30, 2023, we did t have unrecognized income tax benefits. We file U.S. Federal income tax returns and various state and local returns. A number of years may elapse before an uncertain tax position is audited and finally resolved. For our Federal income tax returns we have four tax years subject to examination. In our major state tax jurisdictions of New York, Connecticut, and Pennsylvania we have that are subject to examination. In the state tax jurisdiction of New Jersey we have five tax years that are subject to examination. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position, based on our assessment of many factors including past experience and interpretation of tax law, we believe that our provision for income taxes reflect the most probable outcome. This assessment relies on estimates and assumptions and may involve a series of complex judgments about future events. 

 F- 33 

, expiring between and . Some of the Company s real estate property lease agreements have options to extend the leases for up to . 

Short-term lease cost 

Variable lease cost 

Total lease cost 

Other information: 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities 

Operating cash flows from operating leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term operating leases 
 
 years 

years 

years 

Weighted-average discount rate operating leases 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

() 

Total lease liabilities 

Interest 

The Company maintains insurance policies with insurers in amounts and with coverages and deductibles we believe are reasonable and prudent. However, the Company cannot assure that this insurance will be adequate to protect it from all material expenses related to current and potential future claims, legal proceedings and litigation, as certain types of claims may be excluded from our insurance coverage. If we incur substantial liability and the damages are not covered by insurance, or are in excess of policy limits, or if we incur liability at a time when we are not able to obtain liability insurance, then our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

Less General Partners interest in net income 

Net income available to limited partners 

Less dilutive impact of theoretical distribution of earnings 

Limited Partner s interest in net income 

Per unit data: 

Basic and diluted net income available to limited partners 

Less dilutive impact of theoretical distribution of earnings 

Limited Partner s interest in net income under 

Weighted average number of Limited Partner units outstanding 

F- 35 

Gross profit for product, installation and service 

Operating income (loss) 

() 

() 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Limited Partner interest in net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) per Limited Partner unit: 

Basic and diluted (a) 

() 

() 

Three Months Ended 

Dec. 31, 

Mar. 31, 

Jun. 30, 

Sep. 30, 

(in thousands - except per unit data) 
 
 2021 

2022 

2022 

2022 

Total 

Sales 

Gross profit for product, installation and service 

Operating income (loss) 

() 

() 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Limited Partner interest in net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) per Limited Partner unit: 

Basic and diluted (a) 

() 

() 

(a) 

per unit, or per unit on an annualized basis, on all Common Units with respect to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, paid on , to holders of record on . The amount of distributions in excess of the minimum quarterly distribution of , were distributed in accordance with our Partnership Agreement, subject to management incentive compensation plan. As a result, million was paid to the Common Unit holders, million to the General Partner unit holders (including million of incentive distribution as provided in our Partnership Agreement) and million to management pursuant to the management incentive compensation plan which provides for certain members of management to receive incentive distributions that would otherwise be payable to the General Partner. Acquisitions Subsequent to September 30, 2023, the Company purchased the customer list and assets of heating oil businesses for an aggregate amount of approximately million. 

 F- 36 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Investment in subsidiaries (a) 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS CAPITAL 

Current liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Total current liabilities 

Partners capital 

Total Liabilities and Partners Capital 

(a) 

 Schedule I STAR GROUP, L.P. (PARENT COMPANY) CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT 

Years Ended September 30, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2023 

2022 

2021 

Statements of Operations 

Revenues 

General and administrative expenses 

Operating loss 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss before equity income 

() 

() 

() 

Equity income of Star Acquisitions Inc. and subs 

Net income 

Schedule I STAR GROUP, L.P. (PARENT COMPANY) CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFO RMATION OF REGISTRANT 

Years Ended September 30, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2023 

2022 

2021 

Statements of Cash Flows 

Cash flows provided by operating activities: 

Net cash provided by operating activities (a) 

Cash flows provided by investing activities: 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash flows used in financing activities: 

Distributions 

() 

() 

() 

Unit repurchase 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Net decrease in cash 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

(a) Includes distributions from subsidiaries 

F- 39 

() 
 (a) 

2022 
 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts 

() 
 (a) 

2021 
 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts 

() 

() 
 (a) 

(a) 

F- 40 

<EX-21>
 2
 sgu-ex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

Exhibit 21 
 Company Subsidiaries 
 A.P. Woodson Company District of Columbia 
 CFS LLC Pennsylvania 
 Champion Energy LLC Delaware 
 Columbia Petroleum Transportation, LLC Delaware 
 Griffith Energy Services, Inc. New York 
 Griffith Allied Trucking, LLC Delaware 
 Hoffman Fuel Company of Danbury Delaware 
 Meenan Holdings LLC Delaware 
 Meenan Oil LLC Delaware 
 Meenan Oil Co., L.P. Delaware 
 Milro Group LLC Delaware 
 Minnwhale LLC New York 
 Ortep of Pennsylvania, Inc. Pennsylvania 
 Petro Holdings, Inc. Minnesota 
 Petro Plumbing Corporation New Jersey 
 Petro, Inc. Delaware 
 Petroleum Heat and Power Co., Inc. Minnesota 
 Region Oil Plumbing, Heating and Cooling Co., Inc. New Jersey 
 Richland Partners, LLC Pennsylvania 
 Rye Fuel Company Delaware 
 Star Acquisitions, Inc. Minnesota 
 Woodbury Insurance Co., Inc. Connecticut 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 sgu-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Jeffrey M. Woosnam, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Star Group, L.P. Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and; 

(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 6, 2023 

/s/ J EFFREY M. W OOSNAM 

Jeffrey M. Woosnam 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Star Group, L.P. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 sgu-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Richard F. Ambury, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Star Group, L.P. Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrants other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(c) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and; 

(d) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 6, 2023 

/S/ R ICHARD F. A MBURY 

Richard F. Ambury 

Chief Financial Officer 

Star Group, L.P. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 sgu-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Star Group, L.P. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeffrey M. Woosnam, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify to my knowledge pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, following due inquiry, I believe that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Star Group, L.P. and will be retained by Star Group, L.P. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

STAR GROUP, L.P. 

By: 
 KESTREL HEAT, LLC (General Partner) 

Date: December 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ J EFFREY M. W OOSNAM 

Jeffrey M. Woosnam 

President and Chief Executive Officer Star Group, L.P. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 sgu-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Star Group, L.P. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Richard F. Ambury, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify to my knowledge pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, following due inquiry, I believe that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Star Group, L.P. and will be retained by Star Group, L.P. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

STAR GROUP, L.P. 

By: 
 KESTREL HEAT, LLC (General Partner) 

Date: December 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /S/ R ICHARD F. A MBURY 

Richard F. Ambury 

Chief Financial Officer Star Group, L.P. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97>
 7
 sgu-ex97.htm
 EX-97

EX-97 

Exhibit 97 
 Star Group, L.P. 
 Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy 
 Dated October 19, 2023 
 
 The Board of Directors (the Board of Kestrel Heat, LLC (the General Partner ), the general partner of Star Group, L.P. (the Company ), has adopted this Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy (the Policy dated as of October 19, 2023, but effective for all purposes as of October 2, 2023 (the Effective Date ), which provides for the recovery of certain executive compensation in the event of an accounting restatement resulting from material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements under the federal securities laws. This Policy is intended to comply with Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE or such other national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. 
 1. Covered Executives 

This Policy applies to the Company's current and former executive officers , as such term is defined in Rule 10D-1(d) promulgated under the Exchange Act (the Covered Executives who served in the capacity as executive officer at any time during the performance period for receiving Incentive-Based Compensation (as defined below). The General Partner expects to designate each of the Covered Executives and notify them of their status as such on an annual basis (or more frequently in the case of any changes in the Company s officers). However, in the absence of such designation and notification, the Company officers who are required to prepare and file reports under Section 16 of the Exchange Act shall be deemed Covered Executives for purposes of this Policy. 
 2. Recovery in General; Applicable Accounting Restatements 

In the event the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement of its financial statements due to the Company's material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements i.e. , a Big R Restatement), or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period i.e. , a little r restatement and, a Big R restatement, are collectively referred to as an Accounting Restatement ), the General Partner will cause the Company to promptly recover any erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation (as defined below) received by any Covered Executive during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date on which the Company is required to prepare such an Accounting Restatement (including, where required under Section 10D of the Exchange Act, any transition period resulting from a change in the Company s fiscal year). For the avoidance of any doubt, an out-of-period adjustment when the error resulting in such out-of-period adjustment is immaterial to previously issued financial statements and is immaterial to the current period s financial statements does not qualify as an Accounting Restatement for which recovery is required under this Policy. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Policy, the Company shall not be required to recover any Incentive-Based Compensation from any Covered Executive prior to such time as such person began service as an executive officer . 
 For this purpose, the date that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement shall be the earlier of (i) the date that the Board of the General Partner, or the officer or officers of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement; or (ii) the date a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare an Accounting Restatement. 
 For purposes of this Policy, Incentive-Based Compensation shall be deemed to be received by a 
 
 Page 1 of NUMPAGES 5 
 
 		Exhibit 97 
 Covered Executive in the Company s fiscal period during which the Financial Reporting Measure (as defined below) specified in the Incentive-Based Compensation award is attained, even if the payment or grant of the Incentive-Based Compensation occurs after the end of that period. 
 3. Incentive-Based Compensation 

For purposes of this Policy, Incentive-Based Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part on the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure (as defined below). A specific example of Incentive-Based Compensation cited in the adopting release for final Rule 10D-1 (the Adopting Release is bonuses paid from a bonus pool, the size of which is determined based wholly or in part on satisfying a financial performance measure reporting goal. 
 For purposes of this Policy, Financial Reporting Measures are measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures, regardless of whether such measures are presented within the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Adopting Release provides examples of Financial Reporting Measures, including the following GAAP or non-GAAP accounting-based metrics: 
 Unit price or total unitholder return 

Revenues; 

Net income; 

Operating income; 

Net assets or net asset value per unit; 

EBITDA (i.e., Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization), Adjusted EBITDA and any other non-GAAP financial metrics used to determine Incentive-Based Compensation; 

Funds from operations and adjusted funds from operations; 

Liquidity measures e.g. , working capital, operating cash flow); 

Return measures e.g. , return on invested capital, return on assets, return on capital employed); 

Earnings measures e.g. , earnings per share); and 

Tax basis income. 

Based on the above definitions and examples, the Company has determined that compensation paid to the Covered Executives under the Company s Profit Sharing Plan on and after the Effective Date is subject to recovery by the Company under this Policy in the event of an Accounting Restatement. In the event that the Company adopts a compensation plan that provides for Incentive-Based Compensation, the compensation paid to the Covered Executives under such plan shall also be subject to this Policy. 

Page 2 of NUMPAGES 5 
 
 		Exhibit 97 
 4. Erroneously Awarded Compensation: Amount Subject to Recovery 

The amount to be recovered from a Covered Executive in the event of an Accounting Restatement shall equal the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation received by the Covered Executive that exceeds the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation that otherwise would have been received had it been determined based on the restated amounts, computed without regard to any taxes paid by the Covered Executive on the erroneously awarded compensation and regardless of any fault of the Covered Executive for the accounting errors that give rise to any Accounting Restatement. 
 In the case of recovery of compensation received by Covered Executives under the Profit Plan, any such recovery shall be made pro rata among the Covered Executives based on the size of the bonus received by such Covered Executive. For example, if an Accounting Restatement reduces the amount of the cash compensation pool under the Profit Plan in any fiscal year, but not below the aggregate amount the Board exercised discretion to pay out as bonuses to Covered Executives (such reduction Deficiency Amount ), then the Company shall recover from each Covered Executive an amount equal to the Deficiency Amount multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the dollar amount of the bonus received by a Covered Executive in respect of such fiscal year under the Profit Plan, and the denominator of which is the aggregate dollar amount of bonuses received by all employees, including the Covered Executives, in respect of such fiscal year under the Profit Plan. For the avoidance of any doubt, the Deficiency Amount shall only be satisfied by bonuses received by Covered Executives, and to the extent that the Deficiency Amount exceeds the amount of bonuses received by Covered Executives under the Profit Plan in respect of any fiscal year, the bonuses received by other Company officers and employees will not be subject to recovery or repayment under this Policy. 
 If the amount of erroneously awarded compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in the Accounting Restatement (as in the case of Incentive-Based Compensation based on unit price or total unitholder return), the General Partner shall determine such amount based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the applicable Financial Reporting Measure, and the General Partner shall maintain documentation of any such estimate and provide such documentation to the applicable securities exchange. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be required to recover erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation from a Covered Executive to the extent that the General Partner determines that such recovery would be impracticable and either: 
 The direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered (determined by a majority of the independent directors serving on the Board of Directors of the General Partner after making and documenting a reasonable attempt to recover such erroneously awarded compensation, and providing documentation of such reasonable attempt to recover to the applicable securities exchange); or 

Full recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of Section 401(a)(13) or Section 411(a) of the Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 

To the extent that this Policy otherwise would provide for recovery of Incentive-Based Compensation that the Company has recovered from a Covered Executive pursuant to Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (or pursuant to any other recovery obligation), the amount already so recovered from such Covered Executive may be credited against the recovery otherwise required under this Policy. 
 
 Page 3 of NUMPAGES 5 
 
 		Exhibit 97 
 5. Method of Recovery 

The General Partner will determine, in its discretion, the method or methods for recovering any erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation hereunder, which method(s) need not be applied on a consistent basis; provided in any case that any such method provides for reasonably prompt recovery and otherwise complies with any requirements of the applicable securities exchange. Without limiting the foregoing, the methods that the General Partner, in its discretion, may determine to use to recover erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation hereunder may include, by way of example, the forfeiture or repayment of Incentive-Based Compensation, the forfeiture or repayment of time-based equity or cash incentive compensation awards, the forfeiture of benefits under a nonqualified deferred compensation plan, and the offset of all or a portion of the amount of the erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation against other compensation payable to the Covered Executive, including any non-erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation. 
 6. No Indemnification or Insurance 

The Company shall not indemnify nor insure any Covered Executive against the loss of any erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation. 
 7. Administration 

This Policy shall be administered by the Board of the General Partner. Except for determinations of whether recovery under this Policy is impracticable (which determination must be made by a majority of the independent directors of the Board), the Board is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate or advisable for the administration of this Policy. It is intended that this Policy be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or standards adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the NYSE and any other national securities exchange on which the Company's securities are listed. 
 8. Effective Date 

This Policy shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall apply to Incentive-Based Compensation that is received by a Covered Executive on or after that date. 
 9. Amendment; Termination 

The General Partner may amend this Policy from time to time in its discretion and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary to reflect the final regulations adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission under Section 10D of the Exchange Act and to comply with any final rules or standards adopted by the NYSE or any other national securities exchange on which the Company's securities are listed. The General Partner may terminate this Policy at any time. 
 10. Policy Not Exclusive 

The General Partner may require that any employment agreement, equity award agreement or similar agreement entered into on or after the Effective Date shall, as a condition to the grant of any benefit thereunder, require a Covered Executive to agree to abide by the terms of this Policy. Any right of recovery under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recovery, recoupment, forfeiture or offset that may be available to the Company pursuant to the terms of any other applicable Company policy in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement and any other legal remedies available to the Company. 
 
 Page 4 of NUMPAGES 5 
 
 		Exhibit 97 
 11. Successors 

This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators and other legal representatives. 
 12. Filings 

The General Partner shall cause the Company to make any filings with, or submissions to, the Securities Exchange Commission, the NYSE and any other national securities exchange that may be required pursuant to rules adopted pursuant to Section 10D of the Exchange Act. 

Page 5 of NUMPAGES 5 

</EX-97>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 sgu-20230930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 sgu-20230930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 sgu-20230930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 sgu-20230930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 sgu-20230930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

