<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231108_10-K_edgar_data_914712_0001628280-23-037522.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14418092</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>352052</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2416305</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5064916</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3388398</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2872814</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-037522.hdr.sgml : 20231108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231108060520
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-037522
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		154
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Steel Connect, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000914712
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				042921333
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35319
		FILM NUMBER:		231385804

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1601 TRAPELO ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 170
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02451
		BUSINESS PHONE:		781-663-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1601 TRAPELO ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 170
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02451

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ModusLink Global Solutions Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080929

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CMGI INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990108

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CMG INFORMATION SERVICES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19981007

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-037522.txt : 20231108

10-K
 1
 stcn-20230731.htm
 10-K

stcn-20230731 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 __________________________ 
 FORM 
 __________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2023 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Transition Period From to 
 
 Commission file number: 
 __________________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 __________________________ 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 __________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered Capital Market 
 -- Capital Market 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 __________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Yes No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Yes No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the Registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant computed by reference to the price at which the common stock was last sold as of the last business day of the Registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter was million. 
 
 On October 16, 2023, the Registrant had outstanding shares of common stock, 0.01 par value. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 STEEL CONNECT, INC. 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 FISCAL YEAR ENDED JULY 31, 2023 
 Item Page PART I 
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 5 
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 15 
 2. 
 Properties 
 15 
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 15 
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 15 
 PART II 
 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 15 
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 16 
 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 30 
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 31 
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 81 
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 82 
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 82 
 9C. Disclosure of Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 82 
 PART III 
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 83 
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 83 
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 83 
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 84 
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 84 
 PART IV 
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 84 
 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 As used in this Form 10-K (this Report or this Form 10-K ), unless the context otherwise requires, the terms "we," "us," "our," "Steel Connect" and the "Company" refer to Steel Connect, Inc., a Delaware corporation, together with its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 All dollar amounts used in this Report are in thousands, except for common share and per common share data, unless otherwise indicated. 
 
 PART I 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTORS SUMMARY 
 
 This Report includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), including, in particular, forward-looking statements under the headings "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." These statements appear in a number of places in this Report and include statements regarding the Company's intent, belief or current expectations with respect to (i) its financing plans, (ii) trends affecting its financial condition or results of operations and (iii) the impact of competition. The words "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "believe," "seek," "estimate" and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements; however, this Report also contains other forward-looking statements in addition to historical information. All statements other than statements of historical fact, including without limitation, those with respect to the Company's goals, plans, expectations and strategies set forth herein are forward-looking statements. The factors and uncertainties described in "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A of this Report, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements. 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Steel Connect, Inc. (the Company is a holding company which operates through its wholly-owned subsidiary, ModusLink Corporation ("ModusLink" or "Supply Chain"). The Company previously operated under the names ModusLink Global Solutions, Inc., CMGI, Inc. and CMG Information Services, Inc. and was incorporated in Delaware in 1986. 
 
 ModusLink is an end-to-end global supply chain solutions and e-commerce provider serving clients in markets such as consumer electronics, communications, computing, medical devices, software and retail. ModusLink designs and executes critical elements in its clients' global supply chains to improve speed to market, product customization, flexibility, cost, quality and service. These benefits are delivered through a combination of industry expertise, innovative service solutions, and integrated operations, proven business processes, an expansive global footprint and world-class technology. ModusLink also produces and licenses an entitlement management solution powered by its enterprise-class Poetic software, which offers a complete solution for activation, provisioning, entitlement subscription and data collection from physical goods (connected products) and digital products. ModusLink has an integrated network of strategically located facilities in various countries, including numerous sites throughout North America, Europe and Asia. 
 
 The Company has approximately 1,000 employees worldwide. 
 
 Steel Partners and Steel Connect Exchange Transaction 
 
 On April 30, 2023, Steel Partners Holdings L.P. Steel Holdings and the Company executed a series of agreements in which Steel Holdings and certain of its affiliates (the Steel Partners Group agreed to transfer certain marketable securities held by the Steel Partners Group to the Company in exchange for 3.5 million shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock , and, such transfer and related transactions, the Exchange Transaction ). Following approval by the Company's stockholders pursuant to NASDAQ Marketplace Rules, the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into an aggregate of 19.8 million shares of the Company's common stock, par value 0.01 per share (the common stock or Common Stock ), and will vote together with the Company's common stock and participate in any dividends paid on the Company's common stock, in each case on an as-converted basis. Upon conversion of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, the Steel Partners Group would hold approximately 84.0 of the outstanding equity interests of the Company. The Exchange Transaction closed on May 1, 2023, which is the date that the consideration was exchanged between Steel Holdings and the Company. 
 
 On May 1, 2023, we completed the Exchange Transaction with Steel Holdings and are now a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Steel Holdings. We have elected pushdown accounting in which we use Steel Holdings' basis of accounting, which reflects the fair market value of our assets and liabilities at the date of the Exchange Transaction. As a result, we have reflected the required pushdown accounting adjustments in our consolidated financial statements. Due to the application of 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 pushdown accounting, our consolidated financial statements and certain footnote disclosures are presented in two distinct periods to indicate the application of two different bases of accounting, which may not be comparable, between the periods presented. The pre-exchange period through April 30, 2023 is referred to as the "Predecessor" period. The post-exchange period, May 1, 2023 through July 31, 2023, includes the impact of pushdown accounting and is referred to as the "Successor" period. See Note 1 - "Nature of Operations" and Note 3 - "Exchange Transaction" for further information regarding the Exchange Transaction and our application of pushdown accounting. 
 
 Disposition of Interest in Aerojet Shares 
 
 As a result of the Exchange Transaction, the Company recorded 202.7 million to investments, which represents the fair value of the Aerojet common stock transferred to Steel Connect. As of July 31, 2023, the Company had disposed of all its interest in Aerojet common stock. The majority of Aerojet common stock was purchased when L3 Harris closed its merger with Aerojet. As of July 31, 2023, the Company received 53.3 million in cash and had a receivable of 154.5 million for proceeds receivable, which was received in August 2023. The Company received total net proceeds of 207.8 million in exchange for all of its Aerojet shares. 
 
 Disposition of IWCO Direct 
 
 On February 25, 2022 ("the Disposal Date"), the Company entered into a transaction agreement (the Transaction Agreement with (a) IWCO Direct Holding Inc. (''IWCO Direct" or "Direct Marketing") and its indirect subsidiaries, (b) Cerberus Business Finance, LLC, in its capacities as collateral agent and administrative agent under a financing agreement (in such capacities, the Agent ), dated as of December 15, 2017, between IWCO Direct, IWCO Direct s direct and indirect subsidiaries, the Agent and the lenders party thereto (the Lenders (the Financing Agreement ), (c) the Lenders, (d) the Lenders or their respective designees listed on the signature pages to the Transaction Agreement under the caption Participating Lender Purchasers (the Participating Lender Purchasers ), (e) SPH Group Holdings LLC (the Sponsor and (f) Instant Web Holdings, LLC (the Buyer ), an entity owned by the Participating Lender Purchasers. On the Effective Date (as defined in the Transaction Agreement) and pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Agreement, the Company transferred all of its interests in IWCO Direct to the Buyer as part of a negotiated restructuring of the capital structure and certain financial obligations of IWCO Direct under the Financing Agreement as contemplated by the Transaction Agreement (the entire transaction being referred to as the IWCO Direct Disposal ). The assets and liabilities and results of operations of the IWCO Direct business are reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented. See Note 1 - "Nature of Operations" and Note 4 - "Discontinued Operations" of the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 in this Exhibit for further details regarding the disposition of IWCO Direct. 
 
 ModusLink's Services 
 
 ModusLink's revenue primarily comes from sales of adaptive supply chain services to its clients. Among ModusLink's core supply chain services are packaging, kitting assembly, fulfillment, digital commerce and reverse logistics. 
 
 Packaging, Kitting Assembly These services center on developing and executing a strategy that has product configuration and packaging done at the optimal time, and for the greatest strategic benefit. With sites located in the Americas, the Asia-Pacific region and Europe, ModusLink affords manufacturers just-in-time flexibility. Options with this service include the ability to delay product/order configuration until the order fulfillment stage, and using the facilities closest to a client's customers. In addition, ModusLink's light manufacturing services cover the final assembly of components and parts into finished goods, including build-to-order customization. ModusLink also offers additional value-added processes such as product testing, radio frequency identification tagging, product or service activation, language settings, personalization, and engraving and multi-channel packaging and packaging design. 
 
 Fulfillment ModusLink's Fulfillment Services are highly integrated and supported by a best-of-breed technology infrastructure to enable clients to quickly increase efficiency and reduce costs. It has deep experience and is exceptionally skilled at handling the fulfillment requirements of multiple channels, be they manufacturing sites, distribution centers, retail operations or individual consumers dispersed across the globe. ModusLink is equally strong in adapting to the needs of retail/B2B or B2C product movement with respect to bringing product to market, including order management, pick, pack and ship, retail compliance and demand planning services, which are integral components of ModusLink's Fulfillment Services. In addition, ModusLink can help optimize component and finished goods inventory levels for better efficiency and cost savings. Clients also look to ModusLink for the physical programming of digital content such as software, firmware, upgrades or promotional material onto numerous types of flash media, including SD and MicroSD cards, USB drives, navigation systems, smartphones and tablets. This programming includes content protection and activation options, as well as full IP security. As direct-to-consumer volumes increase, ModusLink is able to provide a customer experience that can further enhance a brand's relationship with consumers. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Digital Commerce ModusLink's Digital Commerce Services are based on ModusLink's cloud-based e-commerce platform. These e-Business services remove the complexities and risk of a global web store, optimizing each stage of the online buying experience so that products can be quickly and easily purchased, serviced and delivered anywhere in the world. This end-to-end approach is fully integrated with global payment, customer relationship management (CRM) and fulfillment systems, helping clients to quickly and easily expand into a new region and country. In addition, if a client needs help in managing and optimizing its commerce solution once established, ModusLink can support that too. By leveraging ModusLink's e-commerce partnerships with Intershop and Shopify, clients can better meet revenue goals, drive growth and build their brands around the globe. Integration with either partner provides clients with a single, comprehensive view of their customers at every stage of their relationships. ModusLink can also manage the installation, integration and all technical operations for an online store, so a client can dedicate time and resources to its core business. By being able to adapt to their digital commerce and supply chain needs, ModusLink can help clients reach new markets, optimize order processing and customer service, reduce costs, and increase margins and flexibility without having to invest in their own infrastructure and personnel. 
 
 Reverse Logistics ModusLink's Reverse Logistics Services simplify the returns process for retailers and manufacturers that want to improve service parts management and the value of returned assets. ModusLink manages the end-to-end process, including receipt, RMA, sorting, triage, credit processing and ultimate disposition of the returned product. Its approach to reverse logistics employs a modular global system that combines existing and new supply chain solutions, so clients can gain actionable insight into their reverse supply chains, which leads to reduced costs and increased customer service and satisfaction levels. 
 
 ModusLink's business solutions integrate with other supply chain service providers such as contract manufacturing companies and transportation providers. 
 
 Reportable Segment 
 
 Subsequent to the Company s disposition of the Direct Marketing reportable segment with the IWCO Direct, the Company has one reportable segment: Supply Chain. The Company also has Corporate-level activity, which consists primarily of costs associated with certain corporate administrative functions such as legal, finance, share-based compensation and acquisition costs which are not allocated to the Company's reportable segments. The Corporate-level balance sheet information includes cash and cash equivalents, notes payable, and other assets and liabilities, which are not identifiable to the operations of the Company's reportable segment. Certain reportable segment information, including revenue, profit (loss) and asset information, is set forth in Note 24 - "Segment Information" of the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 in this Report and in "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." 
 
 Technology Infrastructure 
 
 ModusLink's information technology systems and infrastructure serve as the backbone of a client's fully integrated global supply chain services and manages the flow and use of physical assets and information. ModusLink offers a secure and redundant operating environment to ensure the integrity and privacy of its clients' data. ModusLink works with clients to integrate data, tools and applications to deliver an optimized solution that meets its clients' business needs and improves management of the global supply chain. ModusLink's ERP system is designed to provide the visibility and control needed for better decision making, rapid response to global market dynamics and effective asset utilization across services and geographies. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The market for the supply chain management service offerings provided by ModusLink is highly competitive. As a provider with service offerings covering a range of supply chain operations and activities across the globe, ModusLink competes with different companies depending on the type of service it is providing or the geographic area in which an activity is taking place. ModusLink faces competition from Electronics Manufacturing Services/Contract Manufacturers (EMS/CM), third party logistics (3PL) providers, Supply Chain Management (SCM) companies and regional specialty companies. For certain digital commerce services, ModusLink's competition includes global outsource providers, software as a service (SaaS) providers, technology providers and computer software providers offering content and document management solutions. As a provider of an outsourcing solution, ModusLink's competition also includes current and prospective clients, who evaluate ModusLink's capabilities in light of their own capabilities and cost structures. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 The Company believes that the principal competitive factors in its market are quality and range of solutions and services, technological capabilities, costs, location of facilities, responsiveness and adaptability. With ModusLink's set of supply chain services, global footprint, strong client service acumen and its integrated global supply chain digital commerce services, the Company believes that it is well positioned to compete in each of the markets it serves, while expanding across various industry subsets. For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business, Operations and Industry Our business is subject to intense competition. 
 
 Clients 
 
 A limited number of clients account for a significant percentage of the Company's consolidated net revenue. For the fiscal years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company's 10 largest clients accounted for approximately 83 and 78 of consolidated net revenue, respectively. Two clients accounted for 41 and 13 of the Company's consolidated net revenue for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2023, and two clients accounted for 31 and 12 of the Company's consolidated net revenue for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022. No other clients accounted for greater than 10 of the Company's consolidated net revenue for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022. In general, the Company does not have many agreements which obligate any client to buy a material amount of services from the Company, or which designate the Company as its sole supplier of any particular services. The Company sells its services to its clients primarily on a purchase order basis, which is subject to demand variability. As such, the loss of a significant amount of business or program with any key client could have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Company believes that it will continue to derive a majority of its consolidated operating revenue from sales to a small number of clients. 
 
 There can be no assurance that revenue from key clients will not decline in future periods. 
 
 Resources 
 
 The Company purchases and maintains adequate levels of inventory in order to meet client needs on a timely basis. The Company has no guaranteed price, quantity or delivery agreements with its suppliers. Because of the diversity of its services, as well as the wide geographic dispersion of its facilities, the Company uses numerous sources for the wide variety of raw materials needed for its operations. 
 
 International Operations 
 
 In addition to its North American operations, ModusLink conducts business in several countries, including Mainland China, the Czech Republic, the Netherlands, Ireland and Singapore, among others. During the years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, net revenues from our foreign operations accounted for approximately 75 and 75 of total net revenues, respectively. 
 
 The Company's international operations increase its exposure to U.S. and foreign laws, regulations and labor practices, which are often complex and subject to variation and unexpected changes with which the Company must comply. A substantial portion of our international business is conducted in Mainland China, where we face (i) the challenge of navigating a complex set of licensing and tax requirements and restrictions affecting the conduct of business in Mainland China by foreign companies, (ii) potential limitations on the repatriation of cash, (iii) and foreign currency fluctuation. For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business, Operations and Industry We conduct business outside of the U.S., which exposes the Company to additional risks not typically associated with companies that operate solely within the U.S. 
 
 Our Information 
 
 Under the Exchange Act, we are required to file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy and information statements and other information. The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 
 The Company's shares of common stock are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol "STCN." Our business address is 590 Madison Ave., New York, New York 10022, and our telephone number is (914) 461-1276. The Company's internet website is www.steelconnectinc.com. The Company makes available, free of charge, through its Internet website, the Company's annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by directors and officers, and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The Company may use its website as a distribution channel of material company information. Financial and other important information regarding the Company is routinely posted on and accessible through the Company's website. Information contained on the Company's website is not included as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Report. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Our business is subject to a number of risks. You should carefully consider the following risk factors, together with all of the other information included or incorporated by reference in this Report, before you decide whether to purchase our common stock. These factors are not intended to represent a complete list of the general or specific risks that may affect us. It should be recognized that other risks may be significant, presently or in the future, and the risks set forth below may affect us to a greater extent than indicated. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you many lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS, OPERATIONS AND INDUSTRY 
 
 Changes in our relationships with significant clients, including the loss or reduction in business from one or more of them, could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 We depend on a small number of clients for a substantial portion of our business. For the fiscal years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company's 10 largest clients accounted for approximately 83 and 78 of consolidated net revenue, respectively. Two customers accounted for approximately 41 and 13 of the Company's consolidated net revenue for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, and two customers accounted for 31 and 12 of the Company's consolidated net revenue for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022. No other clients accounted for greater than 10 of the Company's consolidated net revenue for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 In general, the Company does not have any agreements which obligate any client to buy a material amount of services from it or designate it as an exclusive service provider. Consequently, the Company's net revenue is subject to demand variability by our clients. The level and timing of orders placed by the Company's clients vary for a variety of reasons, including seasonal buying by end-users, the introduction of new technologies and general economic conditions. Changes in relationships with significant clients may require us to evaluate our other long-lived assets for impairment, which may require us to record an impairment charge. Decreases in client demand or volumes or loss of business from one or more of these clients could have a materially adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results from operations. For more information, see Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Estimates. 
 
 If the demand for supply chain management services declines, or if we are unable to or do not effectively integrate new or emerging marketing industry trends into our services and offerings, our revenue and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Customer traffic and demand for our supply chain management services may be influenced by changing consumer demands and industry trends. Some of our competitors may expend more for their marketing programs than we do, or use different approaches than we do, which may provide them with a competitive advantage. Furthermore, we may not effectively develop or implement strategies with respect to rapidly evolving industry trends, including outsourcing supply chain management services, among other business practices. If our marketing efforts are not as successful or cost-effective as anticipated, our revenue and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 We may have difficulty achieving and sustaining operating profitability, and if that depletes our working capital balances, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 For the fiscal years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, we reported an operating income from continuing operations of 8.4 million and 1.2 million, respectively. We anticipate that we will continue to incur significant fixed operating expenses in the future within both cost of revenue and selling, general and administrative expenses. Therefore, since our revenue is subject to fluctuations, there can be no assurance that we will sustain operating income in the future. We may also use significant amounts of cash in an effort to increase the efficiency and profitability of our business. If we are unable to achieve or sustain operating profitability, we risk depleting our working capital balances, and our business could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Because most of our contracts do not contain minimum purchase requirements and we sell primarily on a purchase order basis, we are subject to uncertainties and variability in demand by clients, which could materially decrease revenue and adversely affect our financial results. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Our contracts generally do not include minimum purchase requirements, and we sell primarily on a purchase order basis. Therefore, our sales are subject to unpredictable variability by our clients and have fluctuated historically. These fluctuations may continue, sometimes materially, from year to year and even from quarter to quarter. The level and timing of orders placed by these clients vary for a variety of reasons, including seasonal buying by end-users of Supply Chain customers, as well as individual client strategies, the introduction of new technologies, the desire of our clients to reduce their exposure to any single supplier and general economic conditions impacting our Supply Chain segment. If we are unable to anticipate and respond to the demands of our clients, we may lose clients because we have an inadequate supply of their products or insufficient capacity at our sites, or alternatively, we may have excess inventory or excess capacity, either of which may have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial position and operating results. 
 
 Epidemics, pandemics, outbreaks of disease and other adverse public health developments, including COVID-19, previously had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Epidemics, pandemics, outbreaks of novel diseases and other adverse public health developments in countries and states where we operate may arise at any time. Such developments, including the COVID-19 pandemic, have had, and in the future may have, an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. These effects include a potentially negative impact on our business activity and limited availability and productivity among our workforce and suppliers. In particular, reduced customer demand for our products, disruption in or closures of our manufacturing operations or those of our customers and suppliers, delays and disruption in the supply chain, limited productivity and efficiency of our personnel, availability of qualified personnel and increased cybersecurity risks associated with remote working environments, among other consequences, could increase our costs for raw materials and commodity costs, limit our ability to meet customer demand or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Precautionary measures that we may take in the future intended to limit the impact of any epidemic, pandemic, disease outbreak or other public health development may result in additional costs. In addition, such epidemics, pandemics, disease outbreaks or other public health developments may adversely affect economies and financial markets throughout the world, such as the effect that COVID-19 has had on world economies and financial markets, which may affect our ability to obtain additional financing for our businesses and demand for our products and services. The extent to which public health developments will impact our business and our financial results in the future will depend on various factors, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. Such factors may include disease severity and spread, outbreak duration, extent of any reoccurrence or any evolutions or mutations of the virus, and availability, administration and effectiveness of vaccines and development of therapeutic treatments that can restore consumer and business economic confidence. 
 Our business is subject to intense competition. 
 
 The markets for our services are highly competitive and often lack significant barriers to entry, enabling new businesses to enter these markets relatively easily. Numerous well-established companies and smaller entrepreneurial companies are focusing significant resources on developing and marketing products and services that will compete with our offerings. The market for supply chain management products and services, is very competitive, and the intensity of the competition is expected to continue to increase. For more information, see Part I, Item 1. Business Competition. Any failure to maintain and enhance our competitive position would limit our ability to maintain and increase market share, which could result in serious harm to our business. Increased competition may also result in price reductions, reduced gross margins and loss of market share. In addition, many of our current and potential competitors will continue to have greater financial, technical, operational and marketing resources. We may not be able to compete successfully against these competitors. Competitive pressures may also force prices for our products and services down, and these price reductions may reduce our revenue. The competition we face may also increase as a result of consolidation within the supply chain management and logistics industry. For example, if as a result of consolidation, our competitors are able to obtain more favorable terms from their suppliers, offer more comprehensive services to their customers, or otherwise take actions that increase their competitive strengths, our competitive position and therefore our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. 
 Our operating results may fluctuate due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, causing volatility in the price of our common stock. 
 Our annual and quarterly operating results have fluctuated widely during the last several years and may continue to fluctuate due to a number of factors, including: 
 how well we execute on our overall strategy and operating plans; 
 implementation of our strategic initiatives and achievement of expected results of these initiatives; 
 demand for our services; 
 consumer confidence and demand; 
 specific economic conditions in the industries in which we compete; 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 competitive disruptions or innovations affecting the services or products we provide; 
 general economic and financial market conditions, such as the impacts of inflation, slower growth or a recession; 
 timing of new product introductions or software releases by our clients or their competitors; 
 payment of costs associated with our acquisitions, sales of assets and investments; 
 market acceptance of new products and services; 
 seasonality; 
 temporary shortages in supply from vendors; 
 charges for impairment of long-lived assets, including restructuring in future periods; 
 political instability, including changes in tariff laws or natural disasters in the countries in which we operate; 
 actual events, circumstances, outcomes and amounts differing from judgments, assumptions and estimates reflected in our accompanying consolidated financial statements; 
 changes in accounting rules; 
 changes in tax rules and regulations; 
 changes in labor laws; 
 availability of labor resources and the variability of available rates for labor resources; 
 unionization of our labor and contract labor; and 
 implementation of automation. 
 We believe that period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations will not necessarily be meaningful or indicative of our future performance. In some fiscal quarters, our operating results may be below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, which may cause the price of our common stock to decline, severely impairing or eliminating the value of your investment. In addition, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. Broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. Technical factors in the public trading market for our common stock may produce price movements that may or may not comport with macro, industry or company-specific fundamentals, including, without limitation, the sentiment of retail investors (including as may be expressed on financial trading and other social media sites), the amount and status of short interest in our securities, access to margin debt, trading in options and other derivatives on our common stock and any related hedging or other technical trading factors. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against that company. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and may cause a significant increase in the premium paid for our directors and officers insurance. 
 The funds held for clients may be subject to credit risk, impairment, misappropriation or theft, and any such incident could result in harm to our clients and damage to our brand. 
 In the normal course of our business, we, at times, collect, process and/or retain client funds. The client funds are maintained at financial institutions both internationally and domestically, and the balances associated with these funds are at times without or in excess of federally insurable limits. Because such funds may not be fully protected, they could be vulnerable to external or internal unauthorized access or use, which may cause such funds to be impaired, misappropriated or stolen. Any impairment, misappropriation or theft of client funds could damage our reputation, expose us to mitigation costs and the risks of private litigation and government enforcement, disrupt our business and otherwise have a materially adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. In addition, our failure to respond quickly and appropriately to any impairment, misappropriation or theft of client funds could exacerbate the consequences to the client and to our business, as well as increase the time or cost necessary to mitigate or resolve the issue. 
 
 A decline in our key business sectors or a reduction in consumer demand generally could have a materially adverse effect on our business. 
 
 A large portion of our revenue comes from clients in the technology and consumer products sectors, which is intensely competitive and subject to rapid changes. A reduction or interruption in supply, including disruptions to our global supply chain as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or a significant natural disaster (including as a result of climate change) or otherwise, a failure to appropriately cancel, reschedule, or adjust our requirements based on our business needs, or a decrease in demand for our services could materially adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition and could materially damage customer relationships. There has been and may continue to be market shortages of semiconductor and other electrical component supplies, which has affected, and could further affect, our clients in the computing and consumer electrical markets and, consequently, their demand for our offerings. During periods of component shortages for our clients, we may also encounter reduced client demand, and accordingly, our revenue and profitability could suffer until other component sources can be developed. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 We must maintain adequate levels of inventory in order to meet client needs, which presents risks to our financial position and operating results. 
 
 We must purchase and maintain adequate levels of inventory in order to meet client needs on a timely basis. The markets, including the technology sector served by many of our clients, are subject to rapid technological change, new and enhanced product specification requirements and evolving industry standards. These changes may cause inventory on hand to decline substantially in value or to rapidly become obsolete. The majority of our clients offer protection from the loss in value of inventory. However, our clients may become unable or unwilling to fulfill their protection obligations, and the inability of our clients to do so could lower our gross margins and cause us to record inventory write-downs. If we are unable to manage the inventory on hand with our clients with a high degree of precision, we may have insufficient product supplies to meet demand or we may have excess inventory, resulting in inventory write-downs, which may harm our business, financial position and operating results. 
 Our ability to obtain particular products or components in the quantities required to fulfill client orders on a timely basis is critical to our success. We have no guaranteed price or delivery agreements with our suppliers. We may occasionally experience a supply shortage of some products as a result of strong demand or problems experienced by our suppliers. If shortages or delays persist, the price of those products may increase, or the products may not be available at all. Accordingly, an inability to secure and maintain an adequate supply of products, packaging materials or components to fulfill our client orders on a timely basis, or a failure to meet clients expectations, could result in lost revenue, lower client satisfaction, negative perceptions in the marketplace, and potential claims for damages, and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We may have problems raising or accessing capital we need, or managing such capital once raised, in the future. 
 In recent years, we have financed our operations and met our capital requirements primarily through funds generated from operations, the sale of our securities, borrowings from lending institutions and sale of Company-owned facilities that were not being fully utilized. These funding sources may not be sufficient in the future and we may need to obtain additional funding from outside sources. Additionally, we may not be able to obtain such funding. Furthermore, even if we obtain outside funding sources, we may be required to issue to those outside sources securities with greater rights than those currently possessed by holders of our common stock. We may also be required to take other actions, which may lessen the value of our common stock or dilute our common stockholders, including borrowing money on terms that are not favorable to us or issuing additional shares of common stock. If we experience difficulties raising needed capital in the future, our business could be materially adversely affected. 
 In addition, market and other conditions largely beyond our control may affect our ability to engage in future sales of our securities, the timing of any such sales and the amount of proceeds we receive. Even if we are able to sell our securities in the future, we may not be able to sell at favorable prices or on favorable terms. As long as our public float is less than 75 million, we will be limited in selling our securities on a short-form registration statement on Form S-3 to offerings that do not exceed one-third of our public float in a rolling 12-month period. Therefore, the process of raising capital to support our growth may be more expensive and time consuming, including the use of a registration statement on Form S-1, and the terms of any offering transaction may not be as favorable as they would have been if we were eligible to use Form S-3 without these restrictions. In addition to entailing increased capital costs, any such transactions could result in substantial dilution of our stockholders' interests, transfer control to a new investor and/or diminish the value of an investment in our common stock. 
 We may also need to pursue strategic transactions, such as joint ventures, private placements or the sale of our business or all or substantially all of our assets. These private financings and strategic transactions could in the future require significant management attention, disrupt our business, adversely affect our financial results, be unsuccessful or fail to achieve the desired results. We are in discussions from time to time with such possible sources of additional funding. Additionally, following the 
 issuance of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share Series E Preferred Stock ), in the Exchange Transaction, it may be more challenging for us to raise equity financing. 
 If financial institutions that have extended credit commitments to us are adversely affected by the conditions of the U.S. and international capital markets, they may become unable to fund borrowings under their credit commitments to us, which could have an adverse impact on our ability to borrow funds, if needed, for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other corporate purposes. 
 Finally, once we have raised capital, we face the risk of not using such capital effectively to increase the value of your investment. For example, there is no guarantee that the Company will be able to successfully deploy the cash received as a result of the Exchange Transaction in furtherance of our overall strategy. 
 We may encounter problems in our efforts to increase operational efficiencies. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Because the markets in which we operate are highly competitive, we continue to seek to identify ways to increase efficiencies and productivity and effect cost savings. Our business is continually employing programs to achieve efficiencies, which include investment in capital equipment and automation. We cannot assure you that these projects and capital investments will result in the realization of the expected benefits that we anticipate in a timely manner or at all. We may encounter problems with these projects that will divert the attention of management and/or result in additional costs and unforeseen project delays. If we, or these projects, do not achieve expected results, our business, financial position and operating results may be materially and adversely affected. In addition to already undertaken projects in our business designed to increase our operational efficiencies, including the standardization to a global solutions platform through an integrated ERP system and the implementation of a model utilizing centralized hub locations to service multiple spoke locations across the Americas, Asia and Europe regions, our executive team is continuing its review across the organization designed to improve our operations. 
 Loss of essential employees or an inability to recruit and retain personnel could have a significant negative impact on our business. 
 Our success is largely dependent on the skills, experience, and efforts of the management and other employees of our Supply Chain business (currently our only business). The loss of the services of one or more members of our senior management or of numerous employees with essential skills could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we are not able to retain or attract talented, committed individuals to fill vacant positions when needs arise, it may adversely affect our ability to achieve our business objectives. We do not currently maintain key persons insurance on our senior management. Labor market conditions may have an adverse impact on profitability and ability to deliver product on time. Any material increases in employee turnover rates could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may not be able to identify, manage, complete and integrate acquisitions and achieve anticipated synergies and benefits. 
 
 While we have not made any acquisitions recently, part of our business strategy historically has been to acquire businesses that we believe can complement our current business activities, both financially and strategically. Acquisitions involve many complexities and inherent risk, including, but not limited to: failure to achieve all or any projected synergies or other intended benefits of the acquisition; failure to integrate the purchased operations, technologies, products or services; substantial unanticipated integration costs; loss of key employees, including those of the acquired business; additional debt and/or assumption of unknown liabilities; loss of customers; and the impact on our internal controls and compliance with the regulatory requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. As a result, there is no guarantee that our acquisitions will increase the profitability and cash flow of the Company, and our efforts could cause unforeseen complexities and additional cash outflows, including financial losses. Additionally, following the issuance of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, which further consolidated control in Steel Partners Group, it may be more challenging for us to raise equity financing or to use our equity as acquisition consideration, which may in turn hamper our ability to complete acquisitions. For more 
 information, see RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS, OPERATIONS AND INDUSTRY We may have problems 
 raising or accessing capital we need in the future. 
 We conduct business outside of the U.S., which exposes the Company to additional risks not typically associated with companies that operate solely within the U.S. 
 The majority of the operations of our business is in foreign countries, including Mainland China, the Netherlands, the Czech Republic, Ireland and Singapore. These operations have additional risks, including currency exchange, foreign exchange controls, difficulties and limitations on the repatriation of cash, less developed or efficient financial markets than in the U.S., absence of uniform accounting, auditing and financial reporting standards, differences in the legal and regulatory environment, different publicly available information in respect of companies in non-U.S. markets, pressure on the creditworthiness of sovereign nations where we have customers and a balance of cash and marketable securities, different or lesser protection of our intellectual property, including increased risk of theft of our proprietary technology and other intellectual property and possible imposition of non-U.S. taxes. 
 We also face risks related to compliance with international and U.S. laws and regulations applicable to our international operations. These laws and regulations include data privacy requirements, labor relations laws, tax laws, anti-competition regulations, import and trade restrictions foreign exchange controls, U.S. laws such as export control laws, economic sanctions laws, and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and similar laws in other countries, which also prohibit certain activities including corrupt payments to governmental officials or certain payments or remunerations to customers. Given the high level of complexity of these laws, there is a risk that some provisions may be inadvertently breached. Also, we may be held liable for 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 actions taken by our local partners. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal penalties against us, our officers or our employees, and prohibitions on the conduct of our business. Any such violations could include prohibitions on our ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries. 
 Certain geopolitical factors may also affect our operations internationally, including: 
 liquidity issues or political actions by sovereign nations, including nations with a controlled currency environment, which could result in decreased values of these balances or potential difficulties protecting our foreign assets or satisfying local obligations; 
 uncertainty regarding the imposition of and changes in the United States and other governments trade regulations, trade wars, tariffs, other restrictions or other geopolitical events, including the evolving relations between the United States and China, the United States and Russia and Russia's ongoing invasion of Ukraine; 
 changes in the public perception of governments in the regions where we operate or plan to operate; and 
 regional economic and political conditions. 
 Any of these factors could negatively impact our business and results of operations. The above factors may also negatively impact our ability to successfully expand into emerging market countries, where we have little or no operating experience, where it can be costly and challenging to establish and maintain operations, including hiring and managing required personnel, and difficult to promote our brand, and where we may not benefit from any first-to-market advantage or otherwise succeed. 
 Our business in Mainland China faces specific risks. 
 A significant portion of our revenue historically has come from Mainland China, and our business in turn faces certain specific risks relating to operations in Mainland China and its complex and unpredictable political, economic and legal environment. Foreign businesses must navigate a complex set of licensing and tax requirements and restrictions affecting their conduct of business in Mainland China, and the Chinese government may in the future adopt additional measures favoring local businesses that make it more difficult for foreign businesses to operate on an equal footing. From time to time, the Chinese government also implements various corrective measures, including, but not limited to, controls on credit or prices and currency restrictions, to regulate growth and inflation. These and any other measures could adversely affect our ability to operate in Mainland China and/or inhibit economic activity in China and thereby harm the market for our products and services. 
 In addition, as China s legal system continues to evolve, the interpretation and enforcement of many laws, regulations and rules involve significant uncertainties, including with respect to intellectual property protection. Any third parties we rely on in Mainland China may disclose our or our clients confidential information or intellectual property to competitors or third parties, which could result in the illegal distribution and sale of counterfeit versions of our products. The legal protections and remedies available in the event of any claims or disputes may be limited and any litigation in Mainland China may be protracted and result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. 
 
 Moreover, our ability to operate in Mainland China may be adversely affected by changes in U.S. and Chinese laws and regulations, such as those related to, among other things, international trade, taxation, intellectual property, currency controls, network security, employee benefits and other matters. Additionally, the U.S. administration has advocated greater restrictions on trade generally and significant increases on tariffs on certain goods imported into the United States, particularly from Mainland China and has taken steps toward restricting trade in certain goods. China and other countries have retaliated in response to new trade policies, treaties and tariffs implemented by the United States. China has imposed significant tariffs on U.S. imports since 2018. Such trade escalations have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on manufacturing and trade levels and specifically, may cause an increase in the cost of goods exported from Asia Pacific and the risks associated with exporting goods from the region. If any of these events occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 The physical or intellectual property of our clients may be damaged, misappropriated, stolen or lost while in our 
 possession, subjecting us to potential litigation and other adverse consequences. 
 
 In the course of providing supply chain management services to our clients, we often have possession of or access to their physical and intellectual property, including consigned inventory, databases, software masters, certificates of authenticity and similar valuable physical or intellectual property. If this physical or intellectual property is damaged, misappropriated stolen or lost, we could suffer the following harmful consequences: claims under client agreements or applicable law, or other liability for damages; delayed or lost revenue due to adverse client reaction; negative publicity; and litigation that could be costly and time consuming and which may not be reimbursable by third party insurance coverages. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 A significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our technology systems could adversely affect our business. 
 We rely on information and operational technology systems in the conduct of our business to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities. In some cases, we may rely upon third-party providers of hosting, support and other services to meet our information technology requirements. We also collect and store sensitive data, including confidential business information and personal data. Upgrading our information technology systems is costly and subject to delay, and there is no assurance new systems will provide the benefits expected. We may also experience operational problems attributable to the installation, implementation, integration, performance, features or functionality of third-party software, systems and services. 
 In addition, our information and operational technology systems are subject to disruption, damage or failure from a variety of sources, including, without limitation, computer viruses, worms or other malicious software programs, security breaches, cyber-attacks, natural disasters, defects in design, employee malfeasance, and human or technological errors. Cybersecurity incidents in particular are evolving and include, but are not limited to, use of malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data or control of automated production systems, and other security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and the corruption of data. Various procedures and controls to monitor, deter and mitigate these threats have been implemented. However, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of technology security incidents and disruptions, our business could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, the compromising of confidential or otherwise protected information, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, theft, other manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks or financial losses from remedial actions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, financial condition, reputation or results of operations. We have experienced and expect to continue to experience actual or attempted cyber-attacks of our information technology systems or networks, yet none of these actual or attempted cyber-attacks has had a material effect on us, including on our operations or financial condition. Further, any failure by our hosting and support partners or other third-party service providers in the performance of their services could materially harm our business. While we try to maintain cybersecurity insurance coverage that we believe is adequate for our business, such coverage may not cover all potential costs and expenses associated with any security incidents that may occur or may not be available at a reasonable cost in the marketplace in the future. 
 A breach of our information technology systems could also result in the misappropriation of intellectual property, business plans or trade secrets. Any failure of our systems or those of our third-party service providers could result in unauthorized access or acquisition of proprietary information. Any actual or perceived security breach could cause significant damage to our reputation, expose us to liability or regulatory enforcement action and adversely impact our relationships with our customers or vendors. Additionally, while our security systems are designed to maintain the physical security of our facilities and information systems, accidental or willful security breaches or other unauthorized access by third parties to our facilities or our information systems could lead to misappropriation of proprietary and confidential information. 
 If any person, including any of our employees or those with whom we share such information, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our established controls with respect to our client, customer or employee data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates that data, we could be subject to significant monetary damages, litigation, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions. State and federal laws could also require us to provide notice to affected individuals if their personal data became the subject of a security breach, which would impose costs and could lead to additional liability and negative publicity. 
 We take cybersecurity and data privacy seriously and devote significant resources and tools to protect our systems, products and data and to prevent unwanted intrusions and disclosures, in compliance with applicable U.S. federal and state laws and non-U.S. laws and regulations addressing cybersecurity and data privacy. In particular, we have put in place policies and procedures to address the European General Data Protection Regulation, which went into effect in May 2018, and the California Consumer Privacy Act, which went into effect in January 2020. However, these security and compliance efforts are costly to implement and may not be successful. There can be no assurance that we will be able to prevent, detect and adequately address or mitigate all cyber-attacks or security breaches. Any such breach could have a material adverse effect on our operations and our reputation and could cause irreparable damage to us or our systems, regardless of whether we or our third-party providers are able to adequately recover critical systems following a systems failure. 
 Litigation pending against us could materially impact our business and results of operations. 
 We are currently a party to various legal and other proceedings. See "Part I, Item 3. Legal Proceedings of this Annual Report. Trends in litigation may include class actions involving consumers, stockholders or employees, and claims relating to commercial, labor, employment, antitrust, securities or environmental matters. Litigation trends and the outcome of litigation cannot be predicted with certainty and adverse litigation trends and outcomes could result in material damages and/or other 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 expenses, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We can provide no assurances as to the outcome of any litigation. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO TAXATION 
 
 We may be unable to realize the benefits of our remaining net operating loss carry-forwards and other tax benefits (collectively, "NOLs" or "Tax Benefits"). 
 
 Our past operations generated significant NOLs. On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act was enacted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic which among, other things, amends the treatment of NOLs. Under federal tax laws, for NOLs arising in tax years beginning before January 1, 2018, we generally can use any such NOLs and certain related tax credits to reduce ordinary income tax paid in our prior two tax years or on our future taxable income for up to 20 years, at which point they expire for such purposes. Until they expire, we can carry forward NOLs and certain related tax credits that we do not use in any particular year to offset taxable income in future years. For NOLs arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2021, we are allowed to carryback such NOLs to each of the five taxable years preceding the taxable year of such losses and generally can use any such NOLs and certain related tax credits to reduce ordinary income tax paid on our future taxable income indefinitely. For NOLs arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2020, we generally can use such NOLs and certain related tax credits to reduce ordinary income tax paid on our future taxable income indefinitely; however, any such NOLs cannot be used to reduce ordinary income tax paid in prior tax years. In addition, the deduction for NOLs arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2020 is limited to 80 of our taxable income for any tax year (computed without regard to the NOL deduction and subject to certain other adjustments). NOLs arising in tax years beginning before January 1, 2018, are referred to herein as "Current NOLs." The Company had net NOL carryforwards for federal and state tax purposes of approximately 369.9 million and 138.8 million, respectively, at July 31, 2023. Of the total U.S. federal NOLs, 96.6 million do not expire and the remaining carry-forwards of 273.3 million will expire at various dates beginning in 2024 through 2038. We cannot estimate the exact amount of NOLs that we will be able use to reduce future income tax liability because we cannot predict the amount and timing of our future taxable income. 
 
 Our ability to utilize our NOLs to offset future taxable income may be significantly limited if we experience an "ownership change," as determined under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (the "Code" or "Internal Revenue Code"). Under Section 382, an "ownership change" occurs if one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders that each owns (or is deemed to own) at least 5 of our common stock increases their aggregate ownership by more than 50 percentage points over its lowest ownership percentage within a rolling three-year period. If an ownership change occurs, Section 382 would impose an annual limit on the amount of our NOLs that we can use to offset taxable income equal to the product of the total value of our outstanding equity immediately prior to the ownership change (reduced by certain items specified in Section 382) and the federal long-term tax-exempt rate in effect for the month of the ownership change. Several complex rules apply to calculating this annual limit. 
 
 If an ownership change is deemed to occur, the limitations imposed by Section 382 could significantly limit our ability to use our NOLs to reduce future income tax liability and result in a material amount of our Current NOLs expiring unused and, therefore, significantly impair the value of our Current NOLs. While the complexity of Section 382 s provisions and the limited knowledge any public company has about the ownership of its publicly traded securities make it difficult to determine whether an ownership change has occurred, we currently believe that an ownership change has not occurred. 
 
 Our ability to use our Current NOLs in future years will depend upon the amount of our federal and state taxable income. If we do not have sufficient federal and state taxable income in future years to use the Current NOLs before they expire, we will lose the benefit of the Current NOLs permanently. In addition to the generation of future federal and state taxable income, our ability to use our Current NOLs will depend significantly on our success in identifying suitable acquisition or investment candidates, and once identified, successfully consummating an acquisition of, or investment in these candidates. We have adopted an amendment to our Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Protective Amendment and a tax benefit preservation plan Tax Plan ), each designed to preserve our ability to utilize our NOLs, by preventing an ownership change within the meaning of Section 382 that would impair our ability to utilize our NOLs. For more information, see Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Tax Benefits Preservation Plan. 
 
 Although the Protective Amendment and the Tax Plan are intended to diminish the likelihood of an ownership change, we cannot assure you that it will be effective. The amount by which an ownership interest may change in the future could, for example, be affected by purchases and sales of common stock by stockholders holding five percent or more of our outstanding common stock, over which we have no control, and new issuances of shares of common stock by us, should we choose to do so. 
 
 The amount of NOLs that we have claimed has not been audited or otherwise validated by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS"). The IRS could challenge our calculation of the amount of our NOLs or our determinations as to when a prior 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 change in ownership occurred, and other provisions of the Internal Revenue Code may limit our ability to carry forward our NOLs to offset taxable income in future years. If the IRS was successful with respect to any such challenge, the potential tax benefit of the NOLs to us could be substantially reduced. In addition, determining whether an ownership change has occurred is subject to uncertainty, both because of the complexity and ambiguity of the Section 382 provisions and because of limitations on the knowledge that any publicly traded company can have about the ownership of, and transactions in, its securities on a timely basis. Therefore, we cannot assure you that the IRS or other taxing authority will not claim that we experienced an ownership change and attempt to reduce the benefit of the NOLs even if the Protective Amendment and Tax Plan are in place. Any of the above risks to our ability to use our NOLs could materially adversely affect the value of your investment. 
 
 There may be adverse effects on the value of your investment from our use of the Protective Amendment and Tax Plan. 
 
 The Protective Amendment and Tax Plan are intended to deter persons or groups of persons from acquiring beneficial ownership of our Common Stock in excess of the specified limitations, as a way of preventing an ownership change and protecting our ability to use our NOLs. For more information, see Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Tax Benefits Preservation Plan. Nonetheless, the Protective Amendment and Tax Plan may have an anti-takeover effect because they may deter a person or group of persons from acquiring beneficial ownership of 4.99 or more of our outstanding common stock or, in the case of a person or group of persons that already own 4.99 or more of our outstanding common stock, from acquiring any additional common stock. The Protective Amendment and Tax Plan could discourage or prevent a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or accumulations of substantial blocks of shares of common stock. 
 
 Additionally, a stockholder s ability to dispose of our common stock may be limited if the Protective Amendment or Tax Plan reduces the number of persons willing to acquire our common stock or the amount they are willing to acquire. Thus, the Protective Amendment and Tax Plan could severely reduce liquidity of our common stock, negatively impacting the value of your investment. A stockholder may also become a greater than 4.99 stockholder upon actions taken by persons related to, or affiliated with, that stockholder. Stockholders are advised to carefully monitor their ownership of our common stock and consult their own legal advisors and/or us to determine whether their ownership of common stock approaches the proscribed level. 
 
 We are subject to federal, state and foreign tax audits, which could result in the imposition of liabilities that may or may not have been reserved, and changes in our provision for income taxes. 
 
 We are subject to audits by taxing authorities in various jurisdictions with respect to income taxes and for various other taxes, including but not limited to value added tax ("VAT"), excise tax, sales and use tax, gross receipts tax and property tax. These audits can cover periods for several years prior to the date the audit is undertaken and could result in the imposition of liabilities, interest and penalties if our tax positions are not accepted by the auditing tax authority. 
 
 In addition, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development ("OECD"), an international association comprised of 38 countries, including the United States, has made changes and is contemplating additional changes to numerous long-standing tax principles. There can be no assurance that these changes and any contemplated changes finalized and adopted by countries, will not have an adverse impact on our provision for income taxes. 
 
 An increase in our effective tax rate may adversely impact our results of operations. 
 
 A number of factors may increase our future effective tax rates, including: 
 
 the jurisdictions in which profits are determined to be earned and taxed; 
 the adverse resolution of issues affecting our business and arising from tax audits with various tax authorities; 
 changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; 
 adjustments to estimated taxes upon finalization of various tax returns; 
 increases in expenses not deductible for tax purposes; 
 changes in available tax credits; 
 changes in share-based compensation; 
 changes in tax laws or the interpretation of such tax laws and changes in generally accepted accounting principles; 
 the repatriation of non-U.S. earnings for which we have not previously provided for U.S. taxes; and 
 increases in tax rates in various jurisdictions. 
 
 Any significant increase in our future effective tax rates could reduce net income for future periods. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 RISKS RELATED TO OWNERSHIP OF OUR COMMON STOCK 
 
 Steel Partners Holdings, L.P. and its affiliates own the vast majority of the voting power of our capital stock and have control over our corporate decisions. 
 
 As of July 31, 2023, Steel Holdings, directly and indirectly, owned approximately 84.9 of our outstanding common stock (on an as-converted basis), and, when combined with its affiliated entities and individuals who are members of a Section 13(d) group with Steel Holdings and its affiliated entities, 85.9 , of our outstanding common stock (on an as-converted basis). This includes, in addition to shares of common stock held outright, all shares of common stock underlying the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share, and Series E Preferred Stock (which vote on an as-converted basis together with the holders of common stock), par value 0.01 per share, and 584,055 shares of common stock underlying the Company s 7.50 Convertible Senior Note due 2024 (which are not entitled to vote, but are deemed to be beneficially owned by SPH Group Holdings LLC, which is controlled by Steel Holdings, based on their convertibility at the holder s option). In addition, four of our board members include the Executive Chairman of the general partner of Steel Holdings, the President of Steel Holdings, an affiliate of Steel Holdings and the Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Legal Officer of Steel Holdings. 
 
 As a result of this board representation and ownership of our capital stock, Steel Holdings and its affiliates control our management and affairs and/or control most matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, the passage of a tax benefits preservation plan, a business combination and most and possibly all amendments to our organizational documents. In addition, because a business combination, such as a merger or consolidation, requires the affirmative vote of 75 of our outstanding voting stock, this concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our Company and might adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Additionally, minority stockholders could not call a special meeting, as this requires at least 20 of the total voting power of the Company. Steel Holdings and its affiliates may also have interests that are different from other shareholders and may vote in a way that may be adverse to our other stockholders' interests. Conflicts of interest, or the appearance of conflicts of interest, could arise between our interests and the interests of Steel Holdings and its affiliates See Note 25 - "Related Party Transactions" of the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 Members of our Board of Directors also have significant interests in Steel Holdings and its affiliates, which may create conflicts of interest. 
 
 Some members of our Board of Directors also hold positions with Steel Holdings and its affiliates. Specifically, Warren G. Lichtenstein, our Interim Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman of the Board, is affiliated with Steel Holdings and is the Executive Chairman of Steel Partners Holdings GP Inc. ("Steel Holdings GP"). Glen Kassan, our Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors and former Chief Administrative Officer, is affiliated with Steel Holdings and is an employee of Steel Services. Jack L. Howard, a director, is the President of Steel Holdings and a director of Steel Holdings GP. Joseph Martin, a director, is Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Legal Officer of Steel Holdings. See our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed August 1, 2023 for full biographical information for Messrs. Lichtenstein, Kassan, Howard and Martin. 
 
 As a result, these individuals may face potential conflicts of interest with each other and with our stockholders. They may be presented with situations in their capacity as either an officer or as our directors that conflict with their fiduciary obligations to Steel Holdings and its affiliates, which in turn may have interests that conflict with the interests of our other stockholders. While our contractual arrangements place restrictions on the parties' conduct in certain situations and related party transactions are subject to independent review and approval in accordance with our related party transaction approval procedures and applicable law, the potential for a conflict of interest exists and such persons may have conflicts of interest, or the appearance of conflicts of interest, with respect to matters involving or affecting Steel Holdings and affiliates. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO REVERSE/FORWARD STOCK SPLIT 
 
 The reverse/forward stock split (the Reverse/Forward Stock Split may decrease the liquidity of our Common Stock. 
 
 Although our Board believes that the decrease in the number of shares of our Common Stock outstanding as a consequence of the Reverse/Forward Stock Split and the subsequent increase in the market price of our Common Stock could encourage interest in our Common Stock and possibly promote greater liquidity for our stockholders, such liquidity could also be adversely affected by the reduced number of shares outstanding after the Reverse/Forward Stock Split. The liquidity of our Common Stock may ultimately be harmed by the Reverse/Forward Stock Split given the reduced number of shares of Common Stock outstanding after the Reverse/Forward Stock Split, particularly if the stock price does not continue to increase. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR INDEBTEDNESS 
 
 Our indebtedness could restrict our operations and make us more vulnerable to adverse economic conditions. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Our only outstanding debt is under our 7.50 Senior Convertible Notes, but indebtedness we incur in the future could have important consequences for us and our stockholders. For more information, see "Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Debt and Financing Arrangements" of this Annual Report. 
 Debt agreements we enter into in the future could require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flows to fund working capital, capital expenditures and acquisitions, and for other general corporate purposes. In addition, such indebtedness could: 
 
 increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and competitive pressures in our industry; 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry; and 
 limit our ability to borrow additional funds on terms that are acceptable to us or at all. 
 
 Such future debt agreements could also contain affirmative and negative covenants, including with regard to specified financial covenants, which limit and restrict our operations and may hamper our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interests. Events beyond our control could affect our ability to meet these and other covenants under the debt agreements. Our failure to comply with those covenants and other obligations under the debt agreements may result in an event of default thereunder. A default, if not cured or waived, may permit acceleration of future indebtedness. This could have serious consequences to our financial condition, operating results and business, and could cause us to become insolvent or enter into bankruptcy proceedings, and stockholders may lose all or a portion of their investment because of the priority of the claims of the creditors on the assets 
 
 Changes in reference interest rates could adversely affect our results from operations and financial condition. 
 
 An increase in prevailing interest rates would have an effect on the interest rates charged on our variable rate debt, which rise and fall upon changes in reference interest rates. If prevailing interest rates or other factors result in higher interest rates, the increased interest expense would adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to service our indebtedness. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in New York, New York. As of July 31, 2023, our Supply Chain business leased more than 20 sites in several countries from which we operate ModusLink, which consist of office and warehouse space and are located throughout the world, including, but not limited to, the United States, Mexico, the Netherlands, the Czech Republic, Ireland, Singapore, Japan, Australia and Mainland China. 
 
 We believe that our existing properties are suitable and adequate for our present purposes and provide sufficient capacity to meet our anticipated requirements, and that new facilities will be available in the event we need additional or new space. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 The information required with respect to this item can be found in Note 13 - "Commitments and Contingencies" to our consolidated financial statements and is incorporated by reference into this Item 3. For an additional discussion of certain risks associated with legal proceedings, also see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors" of this Report. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Market Information 
 15 

Table of Contents 

As of July 31, 2023, we had 6,250,493 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol "STCN." 
 
 Stockholders 
 
 As of July 31, 2023, there were approximately 20 holders of record of common stock of the Company. This number does not include beneficial owners for whom shares are held by nominees in street name. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Payment of future dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors, after taking into account various factors, including our financial condition, operating results, any restrictions on payment of dividends under our credit facilities, current and anticipated cash needs and plans for expansion. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The Company did not make any purchases of its common stock during the year ended July 31, 2023. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 Information regarding the Company's equity compensation plans and the securities authorized for issuance thereunder is set forth in Item 12 of Part III. 
 
 Performance Graph 
 
 Consistent with the rules applicable to "Smaller Reporting Companies" we have omitted information required by this item. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 
 RESERVED. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Exchange Act and Section 27A of the Securities Act. For this purpose, any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting the foregoing, the words "believes," "anticipates," "plans," "expects" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Report. For more information, see Forward Looking Statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect management's analysis, judgment, belief or expectation only as of the date hereof. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview 
 
 Steel Connect, Inc. (the "Company") is a holding company which operates through its wholly-owned subsidiary, ModusLink Corporation ("ModusLink" or "Supply Chain"), which serves the supply chain management market. 
 
 ModusLink provides digital and physical supply chain solutions to many of the world's leading brands across a diverse range of industries, including consumer electronics, telecommunications, computing and storage, software and content, consumer packaged goods, medical devices, retail and luxury and connected devices. These solutions are delivered through a combination of industry expertise, innovative service solutions, and integrated operations, proven business processes, an 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 expansive global footprint and world-class technology. With a global footprint spanning North America, Europe and the Asia Pacific region, the Company's solutions and services are designed to improve end-to-end supply chains in order to drive growth, lower costs, and improve profitability. 
 
 Steel Partners and Steel Connect Exchange Transaction 
 
 On April 30, 2023, Steel Partners Holdings L.P., Steel Holdings and the Company executed a series of agreements in which Steel Holdings and certain of its affiliates (the Steel Partners Group agreed to transfer certain marketable securities held by the Steel Partners Group to the Company in exchange for 3.5 million shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock , and, such transfer and related transactions, the Exchange Transaction ). The Series E Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into an aggregate of 19.8 million shares of the Company's common stock, par value 0.01 per share (the common stock or Common Stock ), and votes together with the Company's common stock and participate in any dividends paid on the Company's common stock, in each case on an as-converted basis. Upon conversion of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, the Steel Partners Group would hold approximately 84.0 of the outstanding equity interests of the Company. The Exchange Transaction closed on May 1, 2023, which is the date that the consideration was exchanged between Steel Holdings and the Company. Refer to Note 1 - "Nature of Operations" and Note 3 - "Exchange Transaction" to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 
 Predecessor/Successor Reporting 
 
 On May 1, 2023, the Exchange Transaction resulted in Steel Holdings obtaining control of the Company for financial statement purposes. Steel Holdings does not consolidate the Company for Federal income tax purposes because the ownership in the Company is dispersed between different federal tax consolidation groups within Steel Holdings. The Company elected pushdown accounting in which it uses Steel Holdings' basis of accounting, which reflects the fair market value of the Company s assets and liabilities at the date of the Exchange Transaction. As a result, the Company has reflected the required pushdown accounting adjustments in its consolidated financial statements. Due to the application of pushdown accounting, the Company s consolidated financial statements and certain footnote disclosures include a black line division between the two distinct periods to indicate the application of two different bases of accounting, which may not be comparable, between the periods presented. The pre-exchange period through April 30, 2023 is referred to as the "Predecessor" period. The post-exchange period, May 1, 2023 through July 31, 2023, includes the impact of pushdown accounting and is referred to as the "Successor" period. Refer to Note 1 - "Nature of Operations" and Note 3 - "Exchange Transaction" to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for further information. 
 
 As it relates to the results of operations, while the 2023 Successor period and the 2023 Predecessor period are distinct reporting periods, the effects of the change of control for financial statement purposes did not have a material impact on the comparability of our results of operations between the periods, unless otherwise noted related to the impact from pushdown accounting. References to the combined 2023 period from August 1, 2022 to July 31, 2023 combine the period from August 1, 2022 to April 30, 2023 (Predecessor) and the period from May 1, 2023 to July 31, 2023 (Successor) the Combined Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 Period to enhance the comparability of such information to the prior year. 
 
 Reverse/Forward Stock Split 
 
 At the special stockholders meeting held on June 6, 2023, the stockholders approved proposals to amend the Company s restated certificate of incorporation (the Charter ), to effect a 1-for-3,500 reverse stock split of the common stock (the Reverse Stock Split ), followed immediately by a 375-for-1 forward stock split of the common stock (the Forward Stock Split, and, together with the Reverse Stock Split, the Reverse/Forward Stock Split ). On June 7, 2023, the Board approved the Reverse/Forward Stock Split, and as such, the Board directed the Company to file with the State of Delaware certificates of amendment to our Charter to effectuate the Reverse/Forward Stock Split. The Reverse/Forward Stock Split was effective on June 21, 2023 (the Effective Date ). The Company s common stock began trading on a Reverse/Forward Stock Split-adjusted basis on the Nasdaq Capital Market when the market opened on June 22, 2023. The trading symbol for the Company s common stock remains STCN. 
 
 No fractional shares were issued in connection with the Reverse/Forward Stock Split. Shares held by stockholders who held fewer than 3,500 of the Company s common stock immediately prior to the Reverse Stock Split were converted into the right to receive a payment in cash (without interest) equal to the fair value of such shares as of the time when those entitled to receive such payments were determined, which shall be an amount equal to such number of shares of Company s common stock held multiplied by the average of the closing sales prices of the Company s common stock on Nasdaq for the five consecutive trading days immediately preceding the effective date of the Reverse Stock Split, and each share of Company s common stock held by a stockholder of record owning 3,500 shares or more immediately prior to the effective time of the Reverse Stock Split were converted into a new number of shares of Company s common stock based on a ratio of 375 shares of the Company s common stock for each share of the Company s common stock owned immediately following the Reverse 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Stock Split, including any fractional shares owned following the Reverse Stock Split; however, with respect to any fractions of a share of Company Common Stock that may be held as a result of the Forward Stock Split, stockholders received a payment in cash (without interest) equal to the fair value of such fractions as of the time when those entitled to receive such fractions are determined, which was an amount equal to such fractions multiplied by the average of the closing sales prices of the Company s common stock on Nasdaq for the five consecutive trading days immediately preceding the effective date of the Reverse/Forward Stock Split (with such average closing sales prices being adjusted to give effect to the Reverse/Forward Stock Split). 
 
 The number of shares of authorized Company s common stock did not change as a result of the Reverse/Forward Stock Split; however, the number of shares of outstanding Company s common stock decreased as a result of the Reverse/Forward Stock Split. 
 
 Accordingly, all share and per-share amounts for the current period and prior periods have been adjusted to reflect the Reverse/Forward Stock Split. 
 
 The number of shares of Company s common stock issuable upon the exercise of Series C Preferred Stock and the Series E Preferred Stock immediately prior to the Reverse/Forward Stock Split were proportionately decreased and the conversion price of the Series C Preferred Stock and the Series E Preferred Stock were proportionately increased, effective as of June 21, 2023, the close of business on the date of such Reverse/Forward Stock Split. Our authorized preferred stock was not affected by the reverse stock split and continues to be 3,535,000 shares of preferred stock, with a par value of 0.01 per share. 
 
 Disposition of Interest in Aerojet Shares 
 
 As a result of the Exchange Transaction, the Company recorded 202.7 million to investments, which represents the fair value of the Aerojet common stock transferred to Steel Connect. As of July 31, 2023, the Company had disposed of all its interest in Aerojet common stock. The majority of Aerojet common stock was purchased when L3 Harris closed its merger with Aerojet. As of July 31, 2023, the Company received 53.3 million in cash and had a receivable of 154.5 million for proceeds receivable, which was received in August 2023. The Company received total net proceeds of 207.8 million in exchange for all of its Aerojet shares. 
 
 Disposition of IWCO Direct Holdings, Inc. ("IWCO Direct" or "Direct Marketing") 
 
 Beginning in the second quarter of 2020, with the shutdown of the U.S. economy due to the COVID-19 pandemic, IWCO Direct s business was significantly and adversely affected by a material reduction in customer mailing activities. Against this backdrop, the Company held, on behalf of IWCO Direct, extensive discussions with Cerberus about amending and extending IWCO Direct s credit facility with Cerberus under which there was approximately 361 million outstanding as of January 31, 2022 that was to mature in December 2022. In addition, the Company s Board of Directors considered a range of strategic options to address the impending maturity. In mid-January 2022, it became apparent that it would not be possible to extend or refinance the credit facility prior to its maturity. In addition, short-term funding under the revolving credit facility became unavailable. IWCO Direct was in the process of implementing the previously disclosed competitive improvement plan CIP intended to address the changing requirements of its customers and markets. Despite initial favorable outcomes and improving prospects from the CIP, the Company was unable to amend IWCO Direct's credit facility or identify alternatives to refinance IWCO Direct s indebtedness given the magnitude of that indebtedness relative to the performance of IWCO Direct s business. 
 
 In light of these developments, the Board of Directors determined that it was in the best interests of the Company s stockholders to pursue an orderly and consensual disposition of IWCO Direct to the Cerberus-led investor group. Although the Board of Directors considered other alternatives for IWCO Direct, the Board of Directors concluded that such alternatives would not be viable and on February 25, 2022, the Company completed the disposition of IWCO Direct to the Cerberus-led investor group (the entire transaction being referred to as the IWCO Direct Disposal ). The Company did not receive any cash consideration from the Cerberus-led investor group in exchange for the disposition of IWCO Direct. 
 
 The Company deconsolidated IWCO Direct as of February 25, 2022 as it no longer held a controlling financial interest as of that date. The results of IWCO Direct are presented as a discontinued operation in all periods reported. Refer to Note 1 - "Nature of Operations" and Note 4 - "Discontinued Operations" to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for further information on the IWCO Direct Disposal. 
 Customers 
 Historically, a limited number of key clients have accounted for a significant percentage of the Company's revenue. For the Combined Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 Period and the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022, the Company's 10 largest clients accounted for approximately 83 and 78 of consolidated net revenue from continuing operations, respectively. Two 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 customers accounted for approximately 41 and 13 of the Company's consolidated net revenue from continuing operations for the Combined Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 Period, and they accounted for 31 and 12 of the Company's consolidated net revenue from continuing operations for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022. No other customers accounted for greater than 10 of consolidated net revenue in these periods. 
 In general, the Company does not have any agreements that obligate any client to buy a minimum amount of services from it or designate it as an exclusive service provider. Consequently, the Company's net revenue is subject to demand variability by our clients. The level and timing of orders placed by the Company's clients vary for a variety of reasons, including seasonal buying by end-users, the introduction of new technologies and general economic conditions. By diversifying into new markets and improving the operational support structure for its clients, the Company expects to offset the adverse financial impact such factors may bring about. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Unless otherwise noted, this discussion of operating results relates to our continuing operations. 
 
 The following summarizes the consolidated results of operations for the Predecessor and Successor periods, which relate to the periods preceding and period succeeding the Exchange Transaction with Steel Holdings, respectively. The results of operations for the Combined Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 Period and the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022 are comparable unless otherwise noted that as a result of pushdown accounting the periods are not comparable. 
 
 Comparison of the Period from August 1, 2022 to April 30, 2023 (Predecessor) and the Period from May 1, 2023 to July 31, 2023 (Successor) to Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2022 (Predecessor) 
 
 Successor Period Predecessor Period Predecessor Period May 1 to July 31, 2023 August 1, 2022 to April 30, 2023 Combined Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 Period Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2022 Change 1, 2 
 Change 1, 2 
 (In thousands) Net revenue 40,804 148,283 189,087 203,272 (14,185) (7.0) Cost of revenue (29,749) (108,031) (137,780) (161,736) 23,956 14.8 Gross profit 11,055 40,252 51,307 41,536 9,771 23.5 Gross profit percentage 27.1 27.1 27.1 20.4 n/a 670 bpts Selling, general and administrative (8,523) (33,463) (41,986) (40,373) (1,613) (4.0) Amortization expense (911) (911) (911) (100.0) Interest expense (265) (2,588) (2,853) (3,120) 267 8.6 Other gains, net 6,395 4,889 11,284 4,089 7,195 176.0 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 7,751 9,090 16,841 2,132 14,709 (689.9) Income tax benefit (expense) 398 (1,630) (1,232) (11,388) 10,156 89.2 Net income (loss) from continuing operations 8,149 7,460 15,609 (9,256) 24,865 268.6 Net loss from discontinued operations (1,712) 1,712 100.0 
 1 favorable (unfavorable) change 
 2 the change is calculated by comparing the results of operations for the Combined Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 Period, to the results of operations for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022 
 
 Net Revenue: 
 
 Consolidated net revenue from continuing operations, for the Combined Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 Period, decreased by approximately 14.2 million, as compared to the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022. This decrease in net revenue was 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 primarily driven by lower volumes, lower demand and loss of certain programs in the medical devices electronics markets. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates had an insignificant impact on the net revenue for the combined fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, as compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 
 Cost of Revenue: 
 
 Consolidated cost of revenue from continuing operations consists primarily of expenses related to the cost of materials purchased in connection with the provision of supply chain management services as well as costs for salaries and benefits, contract labor, consulting, fulfillment and shipping, and applicable facilities costs. Supply Chain's cost of revenue decreased by 24.0 million for the Combined Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 Period, as compared to the prior year, primarily due to a 22.4 million decrease in materials procured on behalf of clients. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates had an insignificant impact on the cost of revenue for the Combined Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 Period, as compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 
 Gross Profit: 
 
 Supply Chain's gross profit percentage for the Combined Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 Period increased 670 basis points to 27.1 from 20.4 in the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022, primarily due to an increase in value added revenue of 8.2 million, driven by clients in the computing and consumer electronics markets. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates had an insignificant impact on Supply Chain's gross margin for the Combined Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 Period, as compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative: 
 
 Consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses ("SG A") from continuing operations consist primarily of compensation and employee-related costs, sales commissions and incentive plans, information technology expenses, travel expenses, facilities costs, consulting fees, fees for professional services, depreciation expense, marketing expenses, share-based compensation expense, transaction costs, restructuring and public reporting costs. SG A expenses for the Combined Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 Period increased by approximately 1.6 million, as compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to Corporate-level activity. Corporate-level activity increased by 1.3 million, primarily due to an increase in professional and legal fees related to the Exchange Transaction. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates had an insignificant impact on SG A expenses for the Combined Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 Period as compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 
 Amortization Expense: 
 
 Amortization expense for the Combined Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 Period was 0.9 million and was driven by the recognition of intangible assets in connection with the application of pushdown accounting as a result of the Exchange Transaction. The Exchange Transaction closed on May 1, 2023, and as such, there was no activity for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022. 
 
 Interest Expense: 
 
 Total interest expense, net, for the Combined Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 Period remained relatively flat compared to the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022. 
 
 Other Gains, Net: 
 
 Other gains, net are primarily composed of investment gains, foreign exchange gains (losses), interest income, and sublease income. 
 
 Other gains, net for the Combined Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 Period and the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022 were 11.3 million and 4.1 million, respectively. 
 
 Other gains, net for the Combined Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 Period was primarily due to: (1) 5.1 million realized gains on the disposition of the Aerojet shares received in the Exchange Transaction, (2) 2.3 million gain from proceeds received from the sale of an investment in Tallan, Inc., (3) 1.6 million interest income, primarily earned on money market funds, (4) 1.4 million settlement with a client, and (5) 1.0 million sublease income. This activity was partially offset by 0.5 million unrealized loss on the fair value remeasurement of the SPHG Note. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Other gains, net for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022 included: (1) net realized and unrealized foreign exchange gains of 2.4 million, (2) gains of 0.9 million from the derecognition of accrued pricing liabilities, and (3) 0.7 million of sublease income. 
 
 Income Tax Expense: 
 
 The Company recorded income tax expense of approximately 1.2 million and 11.4 million for the Combined Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 Period and the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022, respectively. The decrease in income tax expenses for the year ended July 31, 2023 is primarily due to the income tax expense incurred during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022 associated with an increase in the valuation allowance recorded on deferred tax assets as a result of the IWCO Direct disposal. 
 
 Net Income from Continuing Operations: 
 
 Net income from continuing operations for the Combined Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 Period increased 24.9 million, as compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase in net income from continuing operations is primarily due to: (1) 9.8 million increase in gross profit primarily driven by lower cost of materials and an increase in value added revenue, (2) 7.2 million increase in other gains, net, and (3) 10.2 million decrease in income tax expense. This activity was partially offset by 1.6 million increase in SG A expenses, and 0.9 million of amortization expense related to intangibles recorded as a result of pushdown accounting. See above explanations for further details. 
 
 Net Loss from Discontinued Operations: 
 
 Net loss from discontinued operations for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022 was 1.7 million, and reflects the net loss for IWCO Direct. IWCO Direct was deconsolidated in February 2022, and as such, there was no activity from discontinued operations for the Combined Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 Period. See Note 4 - "Discontinued Operations" to the Consolidated Financial Statements in "Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" included in this Annual Report. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Anticipated Sources and Uses of Cash Flow 
 
 Historically, the Company has financed its operations and met its capital requirements primarily through funds generated from operations, the sale of its securities, borrowings from lending institutions and sale of facilities that were not fully utilized. As a result of the Exchange Transaction the Company received approximately 202.7 million of Aerojet common stock, all of which has been sold or settled in cash as a result of Aerojet being acquired by L3Harris Technologies, Inc. ("L3Harris ). As of July 31, 2023, the Company had a receivable of 154.5 million for proceeds from the L3Harris transaction, which were received in August 2023. The Company believes it has access to adequate resources to meet its needs for normal operating costs, debt obligations and working capital for at least the next twelve months from the date of filing this Form 10-K. The following table summarizes our liquidity: 
 Successor Predecessor July 31, 2023 July 31, 2022 (In thousands) Cash and cash equivalents 121,372 53,142 Readily available borrowing capacity under Umpqua Revolver 11,890 11,890 133,262 65,032 
 
 Due to the changes reflected in the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in December 2017 ("U.S. Tax Reform"), there is no U.S. tax payable upon repatriating the undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries considered not subject to permanent investment. Foreign withholding taxes would range from 0 to 10 on any repatriated funds. For the Company, earnings and profits have been calculated at each subsidiary. The Company's foreign subsidiaries are in an overall net deficit for earnings and profits purposes. As such, no adjustment was made to U.S. taxable income in the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023 relating to this aspect of the U.S. Tax Reform. In future years, the Company believes that it will be able to repatriate its foreign earnings without incurring additional U.S. tax as a result of a 100 dividends received deduction. The Company believes that any future withholding taxes or state taxes associated with such a repatriation would be minor. However, foreign laws may delay or add cost to any repatriation of cash from outside the U.S., which costs or delays may be significant. 
 
 Consolidated net working capital was 251.5 million at July 31, 2023, compared with 26.0 million at July 31, 2022. Included in net working capital were cash and cash equivalents of 121.4 million at July 31, 2023 and 53.1 million at July 31, 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 2022. The improvement in net working capital was primarily related to 202.7 million of Aerojet shares received in connection with the Exchange Transaction, which the Company sold all of its interest in as of July 31, 2023 for net proceeds of 207.8 million. The majority of Aerojet common stock were purchased when L3 Harris closed its merger with Aerojet. As of July 31, 2023, the Company had received 53.3 million in cash, with the remaining 154.5 million as a receivable. 
 
 The following summarizes the sources and uses of cash for the Predecessor and Successor periods, which relate to the periods preceding and period succeeding the Exchange Transaction with Steel Holdings, respectively. The sources and uses of cash for the Combined Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 Period and the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022 are comparable unless otherwise noted that as a result of pushdown accounting the periods are not comparable. 
 
 Successor Predecessor Predecessor May 1 to July 31, 2023 August 1, 2022 to April 30, 2023 Combined Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 Period Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2022 Change (In thousands) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 8,523 9,000 17,523 (3,134) 20,657 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 52,838 736 53,574 (1,485) 55,059 Net cash used in financing activities (3,825) (2,780) (6,605) (2,297) (4,308) 
 
 Operating Activities: Net cash provided by operating activities was 17.5 million for the Combined Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 Period, compared to 3.1 million net cash used by operating activities for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022. The Company's future cash flows related to operating activities are dependent on several factors, including profitability, accounts receivable collections, effective inventory management practices and optimization of the credit terms of certain vendors of the Company, and overall performance of the technology sector impacting the Supply Chain segment. The increase in cash provided by operating activities compared to cash used in operating activities in the prior fiscal year was primarily due to more efficient accounts receivable management resulting in a favorable change of 16.6 million. 
 
 Investing Activities: Net cash provided by investing activities was 53.6 million for the Combined Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 Period, and was driven primarily by proceeds from the sale of securities, specifically: (1) 53.3 million received for the disposal of the Company's interest in Aerojet; and (2) 2.3 million received related to the Company's previously held interest in Tallan, Inc. This activity was partially offset by 2.1 million in capital expenditures. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 1.5 million for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022 and is related to capital expenditures. 
 
 Financing Activities: The 6.6 million of cash used in financing activities for the Combined Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 Period was related to: (1) 2.3 million payments for fractional shares resulting from Reverse/Forward Stock Split; (2) 2.0 million repayments on the SPHG Note and 0.1 million financing costs for the SPHG Note amendment; and (3) 2.1 million payment of preferred dividends. 
 
 The 2.3 million of cash used in financing activities during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022 was primarily due to 2.1 million payment of preferred dividends. 
 
 Following is a summary of Company s outstanding debt and financing agreements and preferred stock. Refer to Note 10 - "Debt" and Note 25 - "Related Party Transactions" to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 
 7.50 Convertible Senior Note 
 
 On February 28, 2019, the Company entered into that certain 7.50 Convertible Senior Note Due 2024 Purchase Agreement with SPHG Holdings whereby SPHG Holdings loaned the Company 14.9 million in exchange for a 7.50 Convertible Senior Note due 2024 (the "SPHG Note"). The SPHG Note bears interest at the fixed rate of 7.50 per year, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year, beginning on September 1, 2019. The SPHG Note was scheduled to mature on March 1, 2024 (the "original SPHG Note Maturity Date"), unless earlier repurchased by the Company or converted by the holder in accordance with its terms prior to such maturity date. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 On March 9, 2023 (the "Amendment Date"), the Company and SPHG Holdings entered into the SPHG Note Amendment. Pursuant to the SPHG Note Amendment, the maturity date of the SPHG Note was extended six months to September 1, 2024 (the "new SPHG Note Maturity Date"). In addition, the Company repaid 1.0 million in principal amount of the SPHG Note on the Amendment Date, and repaid an additional 1.0 million principal amount of the note on June 9, 2023. In connection with the SPHG Note Amendment, the Company paid SPHG Holdings a cash amendment fee of 0.1 million. The SPHG Note will mature on September 1, 2024, unless earlier repurchased by the Company or converted by the holder in accordance with its terms prior to such maturity date. 
 
 At its election, the Company may pay some or all of the interest due on each interest payment date by increasing the principal amount of the SPHG Note in the amount of such interest due or any portion thereof (such payment of interest by increasing the principal amount of the SPHG Note referred to as "PIK Interest"), with the remaining portion of the interest due on such interest payment date (or, at the Company's election, the entire amount of interest then due) to be paid in cash by the Company. Following an increase in the principal amount of the SPHG Note as a result of a payment of PIK Interest, the SPHG Note will bear interest on such increased principal amount from and after the date of such payment of PIK Interest. SPHG Holdings has the right to require the Company to repurchase the SPHG Note upon the occurrence of certain fundamental changes, subject to certain conditions, at a repurchase price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the SPHG Note plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Company will have the right to elect to cause the mandatory conversion of the SPHG Note in whole, and not in part, at any time on or after March 6, 2022, subject to certain conditions including that the stock price of the Company exceeds a certain threshold. SPHG Holdings has the right, at its option, prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the SPHG Note Maturity Date, to convert the SPHG Note or a portion thereof that is 1,000 or an integral multiple thereof, into shares of common stock (if the Company has not received a required stockholder approval) or cash, shares of common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, as applicable (if the Company has received a required stockholder approval), at an initial conversion rate of 45.1356 shares of common stock, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately 22.16 per share (subject to adjustment as provided in the SPHG Note) per 1,000 principal amount of the SPHG Note (the "Conversion Rate"), subject to, and in accordance with, the settlement provisions of the SPHG Note. For any conversion of the SPHG Note, if the Company is required to obtain and has not received approval from its stockholders in accordance with Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 5635 to issue 20 or more of the total shares of common stock outstanding upon conversion (including upon any mandatory conversion) of the SPHG Note prior to the relevant conversion date (or, if earlier, the 45th scheduled trading day immediately preceding the SPHG Note Maturity Date), the Company shall deliver to the converting holder, in respect of each 1,000 principal amount of the SPHG Note being converted, a number of shares of common stock determined by reference to the Conversion Rate, together with a cash payment, if applicable, in lieu of delivering any fractional share of common stock based on the volume weighted average price (VWAP) of its common stock on the relevant conversion date, on the third business day immediately following the relevant conversion date. 
 On May 1, 2023, as a result of pushdown accounting related to the Exchange Transaction, the carrying value of the SPHG Note was remeasured to 13.0 million, which represents its fair value. As of May 1, 2023, the Company will now account for the SPHG Note under the fair value option, with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. As of July 31, 2023 the carrying value of the outstanding debt consisted of the 12.9 million SPHG Note due September 1, 2024. As of July 31, 2023, the fair value of the SPHG Note was 12.5 million. As of July 31, 2022, outstanding debt consisted of the 14.9 million SPHG Note due March 1, 2024. As of July 31, 2022, the net carrying value of the SPHG Note was 11.0 million. 
 The SPHG Note was not settled in connection with the Exchange Transaction and remains outstanding as of the date of the filing of this Annual Report. 
 Umpqua Revolver 
 
 On March 16, 2022, ModusLink, as borrower, submitted a notice of termination to MidCap Financial Trust for its 12.5 
 million revolving credit facility (the MidCap Credit Facility ), and entered into a new credit agreement with Umpqua Bank (the Umpqua Revolver ), as lender and as agent. There was no balance outstanding on the Midcap Credit Facility of at the time of its termination. The Umpqua Revolver provides for a maximum credit commitment of 12.5 million and a sublimit of 5.0 million for letters of credit and expires on March 16, 2024. Steel Connect, Inc. Parent is not a borrower or a guarantor under the Umpqua Revolver. Under the Umpqua Revolver, ModusLink is permitted to make distributions to the Parent, in an aggregate amount not to exceed 10.0 million in any fiscal year. 
 
 On March 13, 2023, ModusLink and Umpqua Bank entered into an amendment to the Umpqua Revolver to extend its expiration date to March 31, 2025. There were no fees associated with the extension. As of April 30, 2023, there were 43.4 thousand of unamortized debt issuance costs recorded to other current assets, which were eliminated with the application of pushdown accounting. Refer to Note 3 - "Exchange Transaction" for further details. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 As of July 31, 2023, ModusLink was in compliance with the Umpqua Revolver's covenants, and believes it will remain in compliance with the Umpqua Revolver s covenants for the next twelve months. As of July 31, 2023, ModusLink had available borrowing capacity of 11.9 million and there was 0.6 million outstanding for letters of credit. 
 
 Cerberus Credit Facility 
 
 The Cerberus Credit Facility consisted of a term loan facility (the Cerberus Term Loan and a 25 million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Facility (together the Cerberus Credit Facility which was to mature on December 15, 2022. On February 25, 2022, the Company transferred all of its interests in IWCO Direct and the financial obligations of the Cerberus Credit Facility as part of the IWCO Direct Disposal. As a result, the Company has no debt or access to future borrowings under the Cerberus Credit Facility. 
 
 Series C Preferred Stock 
 
 On December 15, 2017, the Company entered into a Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement (the "Purchase Agreement") with SPHG Holdings, pursuant to which the Company issued 35,000 shares of the Company's newly created Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per shares, or the Preferred Stock, to SPHG Holdings at a price of 1,000 per share, for an aggregate purchase consideration of 35.0 million (the "Preferred Stock Transaction"). The terms, rights, obligations and preferences of the Preferred Stock are set forth in a Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (the "Series C Certificate of Designations"), which has been filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 
 
 Under the Series C Certificate of Designations, each share of Preferred Stock can be converted into shares of the Company's Common Stock at an initial conversion price equal to 18.29 per share, subject to appropriate adjustments for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction. Holders of the Preferred Stock will also receive dividends at 6 per annum payable, at the Company's option, in cash or Common Stock. If at any time the closing bid price of the Company's Common Stock exceeds 170 of the conversion price for at least five consecutive trading days (subject to appropriate adjustments for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction), the Company has the right to require each holder of Preferred Stock to convert all, or any whole number, of shares of the Preferred Stock into Common Stock. 
 
 Upon the occurrence of certain triggering events such as a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, either voluntary or involuntary, or the merger or consolidation of the Company or significant subsidiary, or the sale of substantially all of the assets or capital stock of the Company or a significant subsidiary, the holders of the Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or funds of the Company to the holders of other equity or equity equivalent securities of the Company other than the Preferred Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share in cash equal to the sum of (i) 100 of the stated value per share of Preferred Stock (initially 1,000 per share) then held by them (as adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or other similar transactions with respect to the Preferred Stock), plus (ii) 100 of all declared but unpaid dividends, and all accrued but unpaid dividends on each such share of Preferred Stock, in each case as the date of the triggering event. 
 
 On or after December 15, 2022, each holder of Preferred Stock can also require the Company to redeem its Preferred Stock in cash at a price equal to the Liquidation Preference (as defined in the Series C Certificate of Designations), or approximately 35.0 million. If holders of the Preferred Stock exercise this right to require the Company to redeem all the Preferred Stock, the Company may have insufficient liquidity to pay the redemption price, or the Company s payment of the redemption price would likely adversely impact the Company s liquidity and ability to finance its operations. 
 
 Series E Preferred Stock 
 
 On May 1, 2023, the Company and Steel Holdings executed a series of agreements in which the Steel Partners Group agreed to transfer certain marketable securities held by the Steel Partners Group to Steel Connect in exchange for 3.5 million shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of Steel Connect (the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock , and, such transfer the Transfer and Exchange Agreement ). Following the approval by the Company's stockholders at the special stockholders' meeting held on June 6, 2023 pursuant to NASDAQ Marketplace Rules (the Stockholder Approval ), the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into an aggregate of 19.8 million shares of the Company s common stock (the Common Stock ), and will vote together with the Common Stock and participate in any dividends paid on the Common Stock, in each case on an as-converted basis. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 The terms, rights, obligations and preferences of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock are set forth in a Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (the Series E Certificate of Designations ), which are summarized below: 
 
 Any holder of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock Holder ), may, at its option, convert all or any shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock held by such Holder into Common Stock based on a conversion price of 10.27 (the Conversion Price per share, subject to appropriate adjustments for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, or similar transaction by delivering to the Company a conversion notice. 
 
 Holders are entitled to participate equally and ratably with the holders of shares of Common Stock in all dividends or other distributions on the shares of Common Stock as if, immediately prior to each record date for payment of dividends or other distributions on the Common Stock, shares of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock then outstanding were converted into shares of Common Stock. Dividends or other distributions payable will be payable on the same date that such dividends or other distributions are payable to holders of shares of Common Stock, and no dividends or other distributions will be payable to holders of shares of Common Stock unless dividends or such other distributions are also paid at the same time in respect of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 Upon the occurrence of certain triggering events such as a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, either voluntary or involuntary, any merger or consolidation in which the Company is a constituent party or a Significant Subsidiary is a constituent party and the Company issues shares of its capital stock pursuant to such merger or consolidation such that the stockholders of the Company prior to such merger or consolidation hold less than 50.0 of the aggregate voting securities of the Corporation following such merger or consolidation, or the sale of substantially all of the assets or capital stock of the Company or a significant subsidiary (collectively, or any of these, a Liquidation Event(s) ), the holders of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or funds of the Company to the holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share in cash equal to 58.1087 (as adjusted for any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination or other similar transactions with respect to the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock Liquidation Preference ). In the event that the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock Liquidation Preference is not paid with respect to any shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock as required to be paid, such shares shall continue to be entitled to dividends and all such shares shall remain outstanding and entitled to all the rights and preferences provided within the Series E Certificate of Designations. 
 
 Neither the Company nor the Holder has any rights to redeem the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 Each Holder of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock is entitled to vote with holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock, voting together as a single class, with respect to any and all matters presented to the stockholders of the Company for their action or consideration (whether at a meeting of stockholders of the Company, by written action of stockholders in lieu of a meeting or otherwise), except as provided by law. In any such vote, each Holder shall be entitled to a number of votes equal to the largest number of whole shares of Common Stock into which all shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock held of record by such Holder is convertible as of the record date for such vote or written consent or, if there is no specified record date, as of the date of such vote or written consent. 
 
 The Company's stockholders approved the issuance of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock at the special stockholders' meeting held on June 6, 2023. 
 
 Steel Connect, Inc.(as parent company, the Parent 
 
 The Parent believes it has access to adequate resources to meet its needs for normal operating costs, debt obligations and working capital for at least the next twelve months. 
 
 ModusLink believes that if dividends to the Parent are required, it would have access to adequate resources to meet its operating needs while remaining in compliance with the Umpqua Revolver's covenants over the next twelve months. However, there can be no assurances that ModusLink will continue to have access to its line of credit if its financial performance does not satisfy the financial covenants set forth in its financing agreement, which could also result in the acceleration of its debt obligations by its lender, adversely affecting liquidity. 

Contractual Obligations 
 
 Our principal uses of cash will be to provide working capital, meet debt service requirements, fund capital expenditures and execute management s strategic plans. As of July 31, 2023, we had contractual cash obligations to repay debt, make 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 payments under operating leases, and make dividend payments. As of July 31, 2023, payments due under these long-term obligations are as follows: 
 
 Less than 1 year 2-3 years 4-5 years More than 5 years Total (In thousands) Debt (1) 
 12,940 12,940 Interest payments (2) 
 1,019 496 1,515 Operating lease liabilities 9,256 13,684 6,386 544 29,870 Series C Preferred dividend payments 2,100 4,200 4,200 10,500 
 
 (1) Represents principal amount of debt and only includes scheduled principal payments. 
 (2) Represents expected interest payments on debt. Interest payments based on variable interest rates were determined using the interest rate in effect as of July 31, 2023. 
 Holders of the Preferred Stock receive dividends at 6 per annum. In addition, beginning December 15, 2022, each holder of the Preferred Stock can require the Company to redeem its Preferred Stock in cash at a price equal to the Liquidation Preference (as defined in Series C Certificate of Designations). 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Our significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 2 - "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" to our audited consolidated financial statements. The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. The most significant of these estimates and assumptions relate to: (1) revenue recognition; (2) valuation allowances for trade and other receivables and inventories; (3) the valuation of long-lived assets; (4) contingencies, including litigation reserves; (5) restructuring charges and related severance expenses; (6) income taxes; (7) pension obligations; (8) business combinations; and (9) incremental borrowing rates to determine present value of lease payments. Of the accounting estimates we routinely make relating to our critical accounting policies, those estimates made in the process of: recognition of revenue; determining the valuation of inventory and related reserves; accounting for impairment of long-lived assets; and establishing income tax valuation allowances and liabilities are the estimates most likely to have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Changes in estimates are reflected in the periods in which they become known. However, because these estimates inherently involve judgments and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those estimates. 
 
 We believe that our critical accounting estimates have the following attributes: (1) we are required to make assumptions about matters that are uncertain and require judgment at the time of the estimate; (2) use of reasonably different assumptions could have changed our estimates, particularly with respect to recoverability of assets; and (3) changes in the estimate could have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations. We believe the critical accounting policies below contain the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements: 
 
 Revenue recognition 
 Income taxes 
 Leases 
 Acquisition accounting 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 The Company recognizes revenue from its contracts with customers primarily from the sale of supply chain management services. Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to a customer, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. For ModusLink s supply chain management services arrangements, the services are considered to be transferred over time as they are performed. Taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are both imposed on and concurrent with a specific revenue-producing transaction, that are collected by the Company from a customer, are excluded from revenue. 
 
 Supply chain management services 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 ModusLink s revenue primarily comes from the sale of supply chain management services to its clients. Amounts billed to customers under these arrangements include revenue attributable to the services performed as well as for materials procured on the customer's behalf as part of its service to them. The majority of these arrangements consist of two distinct performance obligations (i.e, warehousing/inventory management service and a separate kitting/packaging/assembly service), revenue related to each of which is recognized over time as services are performed using an input method based on the level of efforts expended. 
 
 Other 
 
 Other revenue consists of cloud-based software subscriptions, software maintenance and support service contracts, fees for professional services and fees for the sale of perpetual software licenses in ModusLink s e-Business operations. Except for perpetual software licenses, revenue related to these arrangements is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the agreement or over the term of the agreement in proportion to the costs incurred in satisfying the obligations under the contract. 
 
 Performance Obligations and Standalone Selling Price 
 
 The Company s contracts with customers may include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require certain judgment. For arrangements with multiple performance obligations, the Company allocates revenue to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price. Judgment is required to determine the standalone selling price for each distinct performance obligation. The Company generally determines standalone selling prices based on the prices charged to customers and uses a range of amounts to estimate standalone selling prices when we sell each of the products and services separately and need to determine whether there is a discount that needs to be allocated based on the relative standalone selling prices of the various products and services. The Company typically has more than one range of standalone selling prices for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by customers and circumstances. In these instances, the Company may use information such as the type of customer and geographic region in determining the range of standalone selling prices. 
 
 Variable Consideration 
 
 The Company may provide credits or incentives to customers, which are accounted for as variable consideration when estimating the transaction price of the contract and amounts of revenue to recognize. The amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price is estimated at contract inception using either the estimated value method or the most likely amount method based on the nature of the variable consideration. These estimates are updated at the end of each reporting period as additional information becomes available and revenue is recognized only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of any amounts of variable consideration included in the transaction price will not occur. 
 
 Principal Versus Agent Revenue Recognition 
 
 For revenue generated from contracts with customers involving another party, the Company considers whether it maintains control of the specified goods or services before they are transferred to the customer, as well as other indicators such as the party primarily responsible for fulfillment and discretion in establishing price. Revenues are recognized on a gross basis if the Company is acting in the capacity of a principal and on a net basis if it s acting in the capacity of an agent. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The Company has net operating loss carryforwards for federal and state tax purposes of approximately 369.9 million and 138.8 million, respectively, as of July 31, 2023. As of July 31, 2023, approximately 1.7 billion of net operating loss carryforwards for federal and state tax purposes expired. Income taxes are accounted for under the provisions of ASC 740, Income Taxes ("ASC 740"), using the asset and liability method whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance, if based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the recorded deferred tax assets will not be realized in future periods. This methodology is subjective and 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 requires significant estimates and judgments in the determination of the recoverability of deferred tax assets and in the calculation of certain tax liabilities. As of July 31, 2023 and 2022, a valuation allowance has been recorded against the deferred tax asset in the U.S. and certain of its foreign subsidiaries since management believes that after considering all the available objective evidence, both positive and negative, historical and prospective, with greater weight given to historical evidence, it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized. In each reporting period, we evaluate the adequacy of our valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets. In the future, if the Company is able to demonstrate a consistent trend of pre-tax income, then at that time management may reduce its valuation allowance accordingly. The Company also performs a valuation allowance scheduling exercise based on the deferred tax assets and liabilities as of July 31, 2023. 
 
 In addition, the calculation of the Company's tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations in several tax jurisdictions. The Company is periodically reviewed by domestic and foreign tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. These reviews include questions regarding the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. In evaluating the exposure associated with various filing positions, we record estimated reserves for exposures. Based on our evaluation of current tax positions, the Company believes it has appropriately accrued for exposures as of July 31, 2023. 
 
 Leases 
 
 In order to calculate the operating ROU asset and operating lease liability for a lease, a lessee is required to apply a discount rate equal to the rate implicit in the lease whenever that rate is readily determinable. The Company's lease agreements generally do not provide a readily determinable implicit rate, nor is the rate available to the Company from its lessors and, therefore, the Company determines an incremental borrowing rate to determine the present value of the lease payments. The incremental borrowing rate represents the rate of interest the Company would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar lease term to obtain an asset of similar value. 
 
 Acquisition Accounting 
 
 The Exchange Transaction with Steel Holdings was accounted for as a business combination under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations ASC 805 with Steel Holdings being the accounting acquirer. The Company elected to apply pushdown accounting. As required by ASC 805, assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination are recorded at their respective fair values as of the business combination date. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Significant judgement is required in determining the acquisition date fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed predominantly with respect to debt and intangible assets. We use available information to make these fair value determinations and, when necessary, engage an independent valuation specialist to assist in the fair value determination of the acquired long-lived assets. Significant judgment may be used to determine these fair values, including the use of appraisals, discounted cash flow models, market value for similar purchases or other methods applicable to the circumstances. The assumptions and judgments made by the Company when recording business combinations will have an impact on reported results of operations in the future. During the measurement period, which is not to exceed one year from the acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings. 
 
 Although the Company believes its estimates of fair value are reasonable, actual financial results could differ from those estimates due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making such estimates. Changes in assumptions concerning future financial results or other underlying assumptions could have a significant impact on the determination of the fair value of the intangible assets acquired. Judgment is also required in determining the intangible asset s useful life. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 For a discussion of the Company's new or recently adopted accounting pronouncements, see Note 2 - "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" to the consolidated financial statements found elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Tax Benefits Preservation Plan 
 
 Our past operations generated significant net operating losses, or NOLs. On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act was enacted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic which among, other things, amends the treatment of NOLs. Under federal tax laws, for NOLs arising in tax years beginning before January 1, 2018, we generally can use any such NOLs and certain related tax credits to reduce ordinary income tax paid in our prior two tax years or on our future taxable income for up to 20 years, at which point they "expire" for such purposes. Until they expire, we can "carry forward" NOLs and certain related tax credits that we do not use in any particular year to offset taxable income in future years. For NOLs 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2021, we are allowed to carryback such NOLs to each of the five taxable years preceding the taxable year of such losses and generally can use any such NOLs and certain related tax credits to reduce ordinary income tax paid on our future taxable income indefinitely. For NOLs arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2020, we generally can use such NOLs and certain related tax credits to reduce ordinary income tax paid on our future taxable income indefinitely; however, any such NOLs cannot be used to reduce ordinary income tax paid in prior tax years. In addition, the deduction for NOLs arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2020 is limited to 80 of our taxable income for any tax year (computed without regard to the NOL deduction and subject to certain other adjustments). NOLs arising in tax years beginning before January 1, 2018, are referred to herein as "Current NOLs." The Company had net NOL carryforwards for federal and state tax purposes of approximately 369.9 million and 138.8 million, respectively, at July 31, 2023. Of the total U.S. federal NOLs, 96.6 million does not expire and the remaining carry-forwards of 273.3 million will expire at various dates beginning in 2024 through 2038. We cannot estimate the exact amount of NOLs that we will be able use to reduce future income tax liability because we cannot predict the amount and timing of our future taxable income. For more information, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Taxation We may be unable to realize the benefits of our net operating loss carry-forwards and other tax benefits (collectively, the NOLs or Tax Benefits ). 
 
 In early 2018, Company's board of directors adopted the Protective Amendment and Tax Plan, each designed to preserve the Company's ability to utilize its NOLs, by preventing an "ownership change" within the meaning of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code that would impair the Company's ability to utilize its NOLs. Later that year, the stockholders of Steel Connect approved the Protective Amendment and Tax Plan. 
 
 The federal NOLs will expire from fiscal year 2023 through 2038, and the state NOL will expire from fiscal year 2023 through 2041. The Company's ability to use its Tax Benefits would be substantially limited if the Company undergoes an Ownership Change. The Protective Amendment and Tax Plan are intended to prevent an Ownership Change of the Company that would impair the Company's ability to utilize its Tax Benefits. 
 
 The Protective Amendment generally restricts any direct or indirect transfer if the effect would be to (i) increase the direct, indirect or constructive ownership of any stockholder from less than 4.99 to 4.99 or more of the shares of common stock then outstanding or (ii) increase the direct, indirect or constructive ownership of any stockholder owning or deemed to own 4.99 or more of the shares of common stock then outstanding. Pursuant to the Protective Amendment, any direct or indirect transfer attempted in violation of the Protective Amendment would be void as of the date of the prohibited transfer as to the purported transferee (or, in the case of an indirect transfer, the ownership of the direct owner of the shares would terminate simultaneously with the transfer), and the purported transferee (or in the case of any indirect transfer, the direct owner) would not be recognized as the owner of the shares owned in violation of the Protective Amendment (the "excess stock") for any purpose, including for purposes of voting and receiving dividends or other distributions in respect of such shares, or in the case of options, receiving shares in respect of their exercise. In addition to a prohibited transfer being void as of the date it is attempted, upon demand, the purported transferee must transfer the excess stock to an agent of the Company along with any dividends or other distributions paid with respect to such excess stock. The agent is required to sell such excess stock in an arm's-length transaction (or series of transactions) that would not constitute a violation under the Protective Amendment. 
 
 As part of the Tax Plan, the Board declared a dividend of one right (a Right for each share of common stock then outstanding. The dividend was payable to holders of record as of the close of business on January 29, 2018. Any shares of common stock issued after January 29, 2018, will be issued together with the Rights. Each Right initially represents the right to purchase one one-thousandth of a share of newly created Series D Junior Participating Preferred Stock. 
 
 Initially, the Rights will be attached to all certificates representing shares of common stock then outstanding, and no separate rights certificates will be distributed. In the case of book entry shares, the Rights will be evidenced by notations in the book entry accounts. Subject to certain exceptions specified in the Tax Plan, the Rights will separate from the common stock and a distribution date (the Distribution Date will occur upon the earlier of (i) ten (10) business days following a public announcement that a stockholder (or group) has become a beneficial owner of 4.99 or more of the shares of common stock then outstanding or (ii) ten (10) business days (or such later date as the Board determines) following the commencement of a tender offer or exchange offer that would result in a person or group becoming a 4.99 stockholder. 
 
 Pursuant to the Tax Plan and subject to certain exceptions, if a stockholder (or group) becomes a new 4.99 stockholder after adoption of the Tax Plan, the Rights would generally become exercisable and entitle stockholders (other than the new 4.99 stockholder or group) to purchase additional shares of the Company at a significant discount, resulting in substantial dilution in the economic interest and voting power of the 4.99 stockholder (or group). In addition, under certain circumstances in which the Company is acquired in a merger or other business combination after a non-exempt stockholder (or group) becomes a 4.99 stockholder, each holder of the Right (other than the 4.99 stockholder or group) would then be entitled to purchase shares of the acquiring company's common stock at a discount. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

The Protective Amendment does not expire. The Rights are not exercisable until the Distribution Date and will expire at 11:59 p.m., on January 18, 2024, unless the Rights are earlier redeemed or exchanged as provided in the Tax Plan or the Board of Directors earlier determines that the Tax Plan is no longer necessary or desirable for the preservation of the Tax Benefits. For more information, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Taxation We may be unable to realize the benefits of our net operating loss carry-forwards and other tax benefits (collectively, the NOLs or Tax Benefits ). 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Consistent with the rules applicable to "Smaller Reporting Companies" we have omitted information required by this Item. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Name: ; New York, New York; PCAOB No. 
 32 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at July 31, 2023 and 2022 
 34 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the periods from May 1 to July 31, 2023 (Successor) and August 1, 2022 to April 30, 2023 (Predecessor) and for the year ended July 31, 2022 (Predecessor) 
 36 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the periods from May 1 to July 31, 2023 (Successor) and August 1, 2022 to April 30, 2023 (Predecessor) and for the year ended July 31, 2022 (Predecessor) 
 37 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) for the periods from May 1 to July 31, 2023 (Successor) and August 1, 2022 to April 30, 2023 (Predecessor) and for the year ended July 31, 2022 (Predecessor) 
 38 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the periods from May 1 to July 31, 2023 (Successor) and August 1, 2022 to April 30, 2023 (Predecessor) and for the year ended July 31, 2022 (Predecessor) 
 39 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 41 

31 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Steel Connect, Inc. 
 New York, New York 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Steel Connect, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of July 31, 2023 (Successor) and 2022 (Predecessor), the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the period from May 1, 2023 through July 1, 2023 (Successor), and the period from August 1, 2022 through April 30, 2023 and the year ended July 31, 2022 (Predecessor), and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at July 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from May 1, 2023 through July 1, 2023 (Successor), and the period from August 1, 2022 through April 30, 2023 and the year ended July 31, 2022 (Predecessor) in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Business Combination - Valuation of Intangible Assets 
 
 As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company and Steel Partners Holdings L.P., Steel Holdings executed a series of agreements in which Steel Holdings and certain of its affiliates transferred certain marketable securities to the Company in exchange for 3.5 million shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (the Exchange Transaction ). The Exchange Transaction was accounted for in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations, and, accordingly, the Company's results of operations were consolidated in Steel Holding's financial statements on the date of the Exchange Transaction. The Company elected pushdown accounting in which it uses Steel Holding's basis of accounting, which reflects the fair market value of the Company s assets and liabilities at the date of the Exchange Transaction. The Company recognized a customer relationships intangible asset of 25.0 million and trade name intangible asset of 10.5 million in connection with the Exchange Transaction. The fair value of the trade name asset was determined using the relief-from-royalty method and the fair value of the customer relationships asset was determined using the excess earnings method. These income-based approaches included assumptions such as the amount and timing of projected cash flows and discount rate. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 We identified the determination of fair values of the customer relationships and trade name intangible assets as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination are the significant and subjective judgments made by management in utilizing significant assumptions to determine the fair value of customer relationships and trade name intangible assets. For the customer relationships and trade name intangible assets, these significant assumptions were the projected revenue and discount rate. Auditing these elements involved especially challenging and subjective auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit effort required to address these matters, including the extent of specialized skills and knowledge needed. 
 
 The primary procedure we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Evaluating the reasonableness of projected revenue used in the determination of the fair value of the customer relationships and trade name intangible assets by comparing the projected revenue against historical financial results, guideline companies, and industry information. 
 Utilizing personnel with specialized knowledge and skills in valuation to evaluate the reasonableness of the discount rate used in the determination of the fair value of the customer relationships and trade name intangible assets. 
 
 /s/ BDO USA, P.C. 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2014. 

November 8, 2023 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 STEEL CONNECT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) Successor Predecessor July 31, 2023 July 31, 2022 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, trade, net of allowance for credit losses of and at July 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Inventories, net Funds held for clients Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other intangible assets, net Goodwill Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES, CONTINGENTLY REDEEMABLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Funds held for clients Current lease obligations Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Convertible note payable Long-term lease obligations Other long-term liabilities Total long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) Contingently redeemable preferred stock: Series C contingently redeemable preferred stock, par value per share. shares authorized, issued and outstanding at July 31, 2023 and 2022 
 Series E contingently redeemable preferred stock, par value per share. shares authorized, issued and outstanding at July 31, 2023 
 Total contingently redeemable preferred stock Stockholders' equity: Preferred stock, par value per share. shares authorized at July 31, 2023 and 2022; shares issued and outstanding at July 31, 2023 and 2022 
 Common stock, par value per share. Authorized shares; issued and outstanding shares at July 31, 2023; issued and outstanding shares at July 31, 2022 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated earnings (deficit) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Total stockholders' equity (deficit) ) Total liabilities, contingently redeemable preferred stock and stockholders' equity 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 STEEL CONNECT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Predecessor May 1 to July 31, August 1, 2022 to April 30, Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 2023 2022 Net revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative Amortization Total operating expenses Operating income Other income (expense): Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Other gains, net Total other income Income from continuing operations before income taxes Income tax (benefit) expense ) Net income (loss) from continuing operations ) Net loss from discontinued operations ) Net income (loss) ) Less: Preferred dividends on redeemable preferred stock ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) Basic net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders: Continuing operations ) Discontinued operations ) Basic net income (loss) per share ) Diluted net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders: Continuing operations ) Discontinued operations ) Diluted net income (loss) per share ) Weighted-average number of common units outstanding - basic Weighted-average number of common units outstanding - diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 STEEL CONNECT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Successor Fiscal Year Ended Predecessor May 1 to July 31, Fiscal Year Ended August 1, 2022 to April 30, Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 2023 2022 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income: Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Pension liability adjustments, net of tax ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 STEEL CONNECT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 
 Number of Shares Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Earnings (Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) Predecessor : Balance at July 31, 2021 
 ) Net loss ) ) Preferred dividends ) ) Issuance of common stock pursuant to employee stock purchase plan Restricted stock grants Restricted stock forfeitures ) ) Share-based compensation Other comprehensive items ) ) Balance at July 31, 2022 ) ) Net income Preferred dividends ) ) Restricted stock grants Share-based compensation Other comprehensive items ) ) Balance at April 30, 2023 ) ) Effect of Exchange Transaction (See Note 3) ) ) Successor : Balance at May 1, 2023 
 Net income Preferred dividends ) ) Reverse/forward stock split settlement ) ) ) Restricted stock grants Share-based compensation Other comprehensive items ) ) Balance at July 31, 2023 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 STEEL CONNECT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Successor Fiscal Year Ended Predecessor May 1 to July 31, Fiscal Year Ended August 1, 2022 to April 30, Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 2023 2022 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax Income (loss) from continuing operations ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of deferred financing costs Accretion of debt discount Share-based compensation Deferred taxes ) Non-cash lease expense Bad debt expense (recovery) ) ) Other gains, net ) ) ) Non-cash impact of application of pushdown accounting Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) Inventories, net ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) ) Refundable and accrued income taxes, net ) ) ) Other assets and liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Additions to property and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from the disposition of property and equipment Proceeds from the sale of securities Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Series C redeemable preferred stock dividend payments ) ) ) Payment of deferred financing costs ) ) Repayments on capital lease obligations ) ) Repayments on debt ) ) Payments for fractional shares resulting from the Reverse/Forward stock split ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Cash flows from discontinued operations: Operating activities ) Investing activities Financing activities Net cash (used in) provided by discontinued operations ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 STEEL CONNECT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(1) 
 
 million shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock , and, such transfer and related transactions, the Exchange Transaction ). Following approval on June 6, 2023 by the Company's stockholders, pursuant to NASDAQ Marketplace Rules, the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into an aggregate of million shares of the Company's common stock, par value per share (the common stock or Common Stock ), and will vote together with the Company's common stock and participate in any dividends paid on the Company's common stock, in each case on an as-converted basis. Upon conversion of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, the Steel Partners Group would hold approximately of the outstanding equity interests of the Company. The Exchange Transaction closed on May 1, 2023, which is the date that the consideration was exchanged between Steel Holdings and the Company. 
 
 Predecessor/Successor Reporting 
 
 On May 1, 2023, the Exchange Transaction resulted in Steel Holdings obtaining control of the Company for financial statement consolidation purposes. Steel Holdings does not consolidate the Company for Federal income tax purposes because the ownership in the Company is dispersed between different federal tax consolidation groups within Steel Holdings. The Company elected pushdown accounting in which it uses Steel Holdings' basis of accounting, which reflects the fair market value of the Company s assets and liabilities at the date of the Exchange Transaction. As a result, the Company has reflected the required pushdown accounting adjustments in its consolidated financial statements. Due to the application of pushdown accounting, the Company s consolidated financial statements and certain footnote disclosures include a black line division between the two distinct periods to indicate the application of two different bases of accounting, which may not be comparable, between the periods presented. The pre- exchange period through April 30, 2023 is referred to as the "Predecessor" period. The post-exchange period, May 1, 2023 through July 31, 2023, includes the impact of pushdown accounting and is referred to as the "Successor" period. See Note 3 - "Exchange Transaction" for further information regarding the Exchange Transaction and the application of pushdown accounting. 
 
 Disposition of Interest in Aerojet Shares 
 
 As a result of the Exchange Transaction, the Company recorded million to investments, which represents the fair value of the Aerojet common stock transferred to Steel Connect. As of July 31, 2023, the Company had disposed of all its interest in Aerojet common stock. The majority of Aerojet common stock was purchased when L3 Harris closed its merger with Aerojet. As of July 31, 2023, the Company received million in cash and had a receivable of million for proceeds receivable, which was received in August 2023. The Company received total net proceeds of million in exchange for all of its Aerojet shares. 
 
 Disposition of IWCO Direct 
 
 On February 25, 2022, the Company entered into a transaction agreement (the Transaction Agreement with (a) IWCO Direct Holding Inc. (''IWCO Direct" or "Direct Marketing") and its indirect subsidiaries, (b) Cerberus Business Finance, LLC, in its capacities as collateral agent and administrative agent under a financing agreement (in such capacities, the Agent ), dated as of December 15, 2017, between IWCO Direct, IWCO Direct s direct and indirect subsidiaries, the Agent and the lenders party thereto (the Lenders (the Financing Agreement ), (c) the Lenders, (d) the Lenders or their respective designees listed on the signature pages to the Transaction Agreement under the caption Participating Lender Purchasers (the Participating Lender Purchasers ), (e) SPH Group Holdings LLC (the Sponsor and (f) Instant Web Holdings, LLC (the Buyer ), an entity owned by the Participating Lender Purchasers. On the Effective Date (as defined in the Transaction Agreement) and 
 41 

Table of Contents 

(2) 

Reverse/Forward Stock Split 
 
 At the special stockholders meeting held on June 6, 2023, the stockholders approved proposals to amend the Company s restated certificate of incorporation (the Charter ), to effect a 1-for-3,500 reverse stock split of the common stock (the Reverse Stock Split ), followed immediately by a -for-1 forward stock split of the common stock (the Forward Stock Split, and, together with the Reverse Stock Split, the Reverse/Forward Stock Split ). On June 7, 2023, the Board approved the Reverse/Forward Stock Split, and as such, the Board directed the Company to file with the State of Delaware certificates of amendment to our Charter to effectuate the Reverse/Forward Stock Split. The Reverse/Forward Stock Split was effective on June 21, 2023 (the Effective Date ). The Company s common stock began trading on a Reverse/Forward Stock Split-adjusted basis on the Nasdaq Capital Market when the market opened on June 22, 2023. The trading symbol for the Company s common stock remains STCN. 
 
 No fractional shares were issued in connection with the Reverse/Forward Stock Split. Shares held by stockholders who held fewer than of the Company s common stock immediately prior to the Reverse Stock Split were converted into the right to receive a payment in cash (without interest) equal to the fair value of such shares as of the time when those entitled to receive such payments were determined, which shall be an amount equal to such number of shares of Company s common stock held multiplied by the average of the closing sales prices of the Company s common stock on Nasdaq for the five consecutive trading days immediately preceding the effective date of the Reverse Stock Split, and each share of Company s common stock held by a stockholder of record owning shares or more immediately prior to the effective time of the Reverse Stock Split were converted into a new number of shares of Company s common stock based on a ratio of shares of the Company s common stock for each share of the Company s common stock owned immediately following the Reverse Stock Split, including any fractional shares owned following the Reverse Stock Split; however, with respect to any fractions of a share of Company Common Stock that may be held as a result of the Forward Stock Split, stockholders received a payment in cash (without interest) equal to the fair value of such fractions as of the time when those entitled to receive such fractions are determined, which was an amount equal to such fractions multiplied by the average of the closing sales prices of the Company s common stock on Nasdaq for the five consecutive trading days immediately preceding the effective date of the Reverse/Forward Stock Split (with such average closing sales prices being adjusted to give effect to the Reverse/Forward Stock Split). The Company made payments of million related to fractional shares as a result of the Reverse/Forward Stock Split, which were recorded to additional paid-in capital on the consolidated balance sheets for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023. 
 
 The number of shares of authorized Company s common stock did not change as a result of the Reverse/Forward Stock Split; however, the number of shares of outstanding Company s common stock decreased as a result of the Reverse/Forward Stock Split. 
 
 Accordingly, all share and per-share amounts for the current period and prior periods have been adjusted to reflect the Reverse/Forward Stock Split. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

shares of preferred stock, with a par value of per share. 

43 

Table of Contents 

44 

Table of Contents 

 Application of pushdown accounting (a) 
 ) Provisions charged to expense Accounts written off Recovered ) Balance at end of period 
 (a) As part of pushdown accounting, the allowance for expected credit losses balance was eliminated to establish the new cost basis in the Company's accounts receivables as of May 1, 2023. 

or less at the time of purchase. Investments with maturities greater than to at the time of purchase are considered short-term investments. 
 Money market funds 

45 

Table of Contents 

years 
 Leasehold improvements Shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful life of the asset Software years 
 Computer hardware years 
 Other years 

and , respectively. The weighted average interest rate used for finance leases for the year ended July 31, 2022 was . There were no finance leases as of the year ended July 31, 2023. 
 
 For operating leases, fixed lease payments are recognized as operating lease cost on a straight-line basis over the lease term. For finance leases, the ROU asset is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the remaining lease term, along with recognition of interest expense associated with accretion of the lease liability. For leases with a lease term of 12 months or less ("short-term lease"), any fixed lease payments are recognized on a straight-line basis over such term and are not recognized on the consolidated balance sheets. Variable lease cost for both operating and finance leases, if any, is recognized as incurred. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

47 

Table of Contents 

For the fiscal years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company's 10 largest clients accounted for approximately and of consolidated net revenue from continuing operations, respectively. Two customers accounted for approximately and of the Company's consolidated net revenue from continuing operations for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, and two customers accounted for and of the Company's consolidated net revenue from continuing operations for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022. No other customers accounted for greater than 10 of consolidated net revenue in these periods. Four clients, associated with the Supply Chain segment, accounted for greater than of the Company's consolidated net accounts receivables as of July 31, 2023. The first, second, third, and fourth client accounted for approximately , , , and , respectively, of the Company's consolidated net accounts receivable balance as of July 31, 2023. Three clients, associated with the Supply Chain segment, accounted for greater than of the Company's consolidated net accounts receivables as of July 31, 2022. The first, second, and third client accounted for approximately , , and , respectively, of the Company's consolidated net accounts receivable balance as of July 31, 2022. 

48 

Table of Contents 

Subsequent Events 
 
 The Company considers events or transactions that occur after the balance sheet date but before the issuance of financial statements to provide additional evidence relative to certain estimates or to identify matters that require additional disclosure. For the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, the Company evaluated subsequent events for potential recognition and disclosure through the date these financial statements were filed. 

(3) 
 
 million shares of common stock, par value per share, of Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc. ("Aerojet") held by the Steel Partners Group to the Company in exchange for million shares of newly created Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of Steel Connect (the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock and such transfer and related transactions, the "Exchange Transaction"). Following approval by the Company's stockholders pursuant to the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC at a special meeting of stockholders held on June 6, 2023, the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into an aggregate of million shares of the Company's common stock, par value per share (the common stock or Common Stock ), and votes together with the Company's common stock and participates in any dividends paid on the Company's common stock, in each case on an as-converted basis. Upon conversion of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, the Steel Partners Group would hold approximately of the outstanding equity interests of the Company, and the Company became a consolidated subsidiary of Steel Holdings for financial statement purposes. The Company is not consolidated by Steel Holdings for Federal income tax purposes because Steel Holdings' ownership in the Company is dispersed between different federal tax consolidation groups. The Exchange Transaction closed on May 1, 2023, the date that the consideration was exchanged between the Company and Steel Holdings. The Company's assets and liabilities have been included in Steel Holdings' consolidated balance sheet as of May 1, 2023, with a related noncontrolling interest of of the Company's common stock. Prior to May 1, 2023, Steel Holdings held a ownership interest in the Company and accounted for its investment in the Company in accordance with the equity method of accounting. Steel Holdings remeasured the previously held equity method investment to its fair value based upon a valuation of the Company, as of the date of the Exchange Transaction. The Exchange Transaction accomplishes Steel Holdings' objective, which is to increase ownership in the Company in order to benefit from future earnings and growth and strengthens the Company's balance sheet to permit it to do acquisitions. 
 
 The Exchange Transaction was accounted for in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations , and, accordingly, the Company's results of operations were consolidated in Steel Holdings' financial statements on the date of the Exchange Transaction. Steel Holdings recorded a preliminary allocation of the Exchange Transaction to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values as of May 1, 2023. The final Exchange 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Fair value of Steel Holdings' previously held interests in Steel Connect and Steel Holdings' noncontrolling interest Less: cash acquired from Steel Connect ) Total estimated consideration, less cash acquired 
 
 Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Other intangible assets Other assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Investments Estimated fair value of total assets acquired by Steel Holdings Liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses Current lease obligations Other current liabilities Long-term lease obligations Other long-term liabilities Estimated fair value of total liabilities assumed by Steel Holdings Fair value of identifiable net assets Goodwill attributable to Steel Connect 

50 

Table of Contents 

 Other intangible assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Prepaid and other current assets ) Convertible note payable ) ) ) Other current liabilities ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) ) 
 
 As part of pushdown accounting, the Company calculated the amount of goodwill recognized based on the excess of the Exchange Transaction consideration over the fair value of net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Goodwill is primarily attributable to expected synergies and the assembled workforce of the Company. The goodwill recognized will not be deductible for income tax purposes. 
 
 The recorded identifiable intangible assets at their estimated fair value as of the date of the Exchange Transaction. The fair value of the trade name asset was determined using the relief-from-royalty method and the fair value of the customer relationships asset was determined using the excess earnings method. These income-based approaches included assumptions such as the amount and timing of projected cash flows, growth rates, customer attrition rates, discount rates, and the assessment of the asset s life cycle. 
 
 Trade name Indefinite Estimated fair value of identifiable intangible assets 
 
 The Company recorded a million favorable adjustment to operating lease right-of-use assets for the favorable leasehold interest asset identified as part of purchase accounting. The fair value of the favorable leasehold interest asset was determined by analyzing any favorable or unfavorable leasehold interest inherent in the lease contracts, and comparing the annual lease contract rent over the remaining contractual term to a market rental rate cash flow stream in applying the income approach to estimate any favorable or unfavorable leasehold interest. The difference between the contractual and market-based cash flows was then discounted to present value to estimate the fair value of the favorable leasehold interest asset. 
 
 The Company wrote off the remaining thousand related to deferred financing costs for the Umpqua Revolver in other current assets as part of pushdown accounting. 
 
 The carrying value of the SPHG Note was increased by million to reflect its fair value at the Exchange Date. The value of the SPHG Note was calculated using the Goldman Sachs Binomial Lattice Model. 
 
 Other current liabilities was decreased by million related to the accrued pricing liability. The accrued pricing liability was reduced to zero to reflect its fair value at the Exchange Date. Refer to Note 9 - "Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities" for further information. 
 
 Other non-current liabilities was increased by net million. The Company booked million deferred tax liability related to the ModusLink trade name intangible. This was partially offset by million decrease to the non-current pension liability as a result of the fair value measurement of the Company's defined benefit plans as of the Exchange Date. 
 
 The Company recorded million to investments, which represents the fair value of the Aerojet common stock transferred to Steel Connect as part of the Exchange Transaction. As of July 31, 2023, the Company had disposed of all its interest in Aerojet common stock. The majority of Aerojet common stock was purchased when L3 Harris closed its merger with Aerojet. The Company received total net proceeds of million in exchange for all of its Aerojet shares, and recorded a gain of million to Other gains, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the Successor Period. See Note 16 - "Other gains, net" 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 million for proceeds receivable, which is recorded as a component of prepaid expenses and other current assets within the consolidated balance sheets and was received in August 2023. 

(4) 
 
 cash consideration for the disposition (the entire transaction being referred to as the IWCO Direct Disposal ). As of the Disposal Date and subject to the terms and conditions of the Transaction Agreement, the parties entered into certain mutual releases as fully set forth in the Transaction Agreement. In addition, as part of the overall transaction, the Buyer issued a note in the principal amount of million payable to the Company as consideration for intercompany obligations owed by IWCO Direct to the Company (the Subordinated Note ). The Subordinated Note is subordinated to the obligations under the Financing Agreement (including any amendments or other modifications thereto) and matures on the date that is the earlier of (a) the later of (i) August 25, 2027 and (ii) the date that is six months after the maturity of the Financing Agreement, or (b) the date that is six months after repayment in full of the obligations under the Financing Agreement. Due to the subordinated nature of the Subordinated Note and the assessment of collectability, the Company determined the fair value of the Subordinated Note was . 
 
 The Company deconsolidated IWCO Direct as of the Disposal Date as the Company no longer held a controlling financial interest in IWCO Direct as of that date. The Company did not have any amounts included in accumulated other comprehensive loss associated with IWCO Direct at the time of deconsolidation. The disposal of IWCO Direct represents a strategic shift to exit the direct marketing business and its results are reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented. 
 
 Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative Amortization of intangible assets (a) 
 Total operating expenses Operating loss ) Other income (expense): Gain upon deconsolidation of IWCO Direct Interest expense ) Total other income (expense), net Loss from discontinued operations before income taxes ) Income tax benefit Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) 
 (a) During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022, the Company recorded million of amortization expense for the former Direct Marketing reporting unit. 

(5) 

52 

Table of Contents 

 Prepaid expenses Other current assets 
 
 million to investments, which represents the fair value of the Aerojet common stock transferred to Steel Connect as part of the Exchange Transaction. Prior to July 31, 2023, the Company disposed of all its holdings in Aerojet common stock for a total of million. The majority of Aerojet common stock were purchased when L3 Harris closed its merger with Aerojet. As of July 31, 2023, the Company had a receivable of million for unsettled proceeds from the disposition of the Aerojet shares. The proceeds were received in August 2023. 

(6) 
 
 Work-in-process Finished goods 

(7) 

Balance at July 31, 2023 (Successor) Gross goodwill Accumulated impairments Net goodwill 
 (a) Related to the Exchange Transaction with Steel Holdings. See Note 3 - "Exchange Transaction" for further details. 

53 

Table of Contents 

 Trade name Total 
 
 The trade name intangible asset has an indefinite useful life. Customer relationships are amortized on a straight-line basis. Amortization expense related to intangible assets was million for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023. The Exchange Transaction closed on May 1, 2023, and as such, there was no intangible assets or related amortization expense for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022. 

(8) 
 
 Leasehold improvements Software Computer hardware Other Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 As part of pushdown accounting, the accumulated depreciation of property and equipment balances were eliminated to establish the new cost basis in the Company s property and equipment as of May 1, 2023. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 (9) 
 
 Accrued audit, tax and legal Accrued taxes Accrued price concessions Accrued occupancy costs Accrued IT costs Accrued other Total accrued expenses 
 
 Deferred revenue - current Other Total other current liabilities 
 
 As of July 31, 2022, the Company had accrued pricing liabilities of approximately million. As previously reported by the Company, several principal adjustments were made to its historic financial statements for periods ended on or before January 31, 2012, the most significant of which related to the treatment of vendor rebates in its pricing policies. Where the retention of a rebate or a mark-up was determined to have been inconsistent with a client contract, the Company concluded that these amounts were not properly recorded as revenue. Accordingly, revenue was reduced by an equivalent amount for the period that the rebate was estimated to have been affected. A corresponding liability for the same amount was recorded in that period (referred to as accrued pricing liabilities). 
 
 The Company s historical practice has been to derecognize the accrued pricing liabilities by customer depending upon which state the customer or former customer is located in and that state s applicable statutes of limitations and escheatment laws. The amounts previously derecognized were recorded in Other gains, net in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 In connection with the Exchange Transaction discussed in Note 1 - "Nature of Operations", Steel Holdings recognized the Company's assets and liabilities acquired at fair value in accordance with ASC 805. As of the acquisition date, Steel Holdings determined the fair value of the accrued pricing liability to be as Steel Holdings believes it is remote there would be any potential payments to the Company's customers or former customers for the rebates. As such, as of July 31, 2023, the balance of accrued pricing liabilities was reduced to with a corresponding offset to goodwill recognized in connection with pushdown accounting. 

(10) 

55 

Table of Contents 

 Convertible Senior Note due September 1, 2024 
 Credit Facilities Umpqua Revolver Less: unamortized discounts and issuance costs (a)(b) 
 ) Total debt, net 
 (a) As of May 1, 2023, the Company will account for the SPHG Note under the fair value option. 
 (b) Amounts include deferred debt issuance costs related to credit facilities of thousand as of July 31, 2022, which are presented in Other Assets. 
 
 Convertible Senior Note 
 On February 28, 2019, the Company entered into a Convertible Senior Note Due 2024 Purchase Agreement (the "SPHG Note Purchase Agreement") with SPH Group Holdings LLC ("SPHG Holdings"), whereby SPHG Holdings agreed to loan the Company million in exchange for a Convertible Senior Note due 2024 (the "SPHG Note"). 
 On March 9, 2023 (the "Amendment Date"), the Company and SPHG Holdings entered into an amendment to the SPHG Note (the SPHG Note Amendment ). Pursuant to the SPHG Note Amendment, the maturity date of the SPHG Note was extended six months from March 1, 2024 to September 1, 2024. In addition, the Company repaid million in principal amount of the SPHG Note on the Amendment Date, and repaid an additional million principal amount of the note on June 9, 2023. In connection with the SPHG Note Amendment, the Company paid SPHG Holdings a cash amendment fee of million, and derecognized million of the debt discount in proportion to the reduction of the principal balance in the third quarter of fiscal 2023. No other changes were made to the terms of the SPHG Note besides the items discussed. 
 SPHG Holdings has the right, at its option, prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the maturity date of the SPHG Note, to convert the SPHG Note or a portion thereof that is or an integral multiple thereof, into shares of common stock (if the Company has not received a required stockholder approval) or cash, shares of common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, as applicable (if the Company has received a required stockholder approval), at an initial conversion rate of 45.1356 shares of common stock, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share (subject to adjustment as provided in the SPHG Note) per principal amount of the SPHG Note, subject to, and in accordance with, the settlement provisions of the SPHG Note. As of July 31, 2023, the if-converted value of the SPHG Note did not exceed the principal value of the SPHG Note. 
 The below discusses the components of the SPHG Note as of July 31, 2023 and July 31, 2022: 
 On May 1, 2023, as a result of pushdown accounting related to the Exchange Transaction, the carrying value of the SPHG Note was remeasured to million, which represents its fair value. As of May 1, 2023, the Company will now account for the SPHG Note under the fair value option in order to conform with Steel Holdings' basis of accounting, with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. Refer to Note 3 - "Exchange Transaction" and Note 23 - "Fair Value Measurements" for further information. 
 As of July 31, 2023, the principal amount of the SPHG note was million. The fair value of the SPHG note was million. 
 As of July 31, 2022, the principal amount of the SPHG note was million and the net carrying value of the SPHG note was million. As of July 31, 2022, the effective interest rate on the SPHG Note, including accretion of the discount, was , which was the effective interest rate prior to the SPHG Note Amendment. The effective interest rate subsequent to the SPHG Note Amendment was . 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Principal amount of note Unamortized debt discount ) Net carrying amount 
 
 Interest expense related to accretion of the discount on the SPHG Note Interest expense related to revolving credit facilities (see below) Other Total interest expense 
 Umpqua Revolver 
 On March 16, 2022, ModusLink, as borrower, entered into a new credit agreement with Umpqua Bank as lender and as agent. The Umpqua Revolver provides for a maximum credit commitment of million and a sublimit of million for letters of credit and expires on March 31, 2025. Concurrent with signing the Umpqua Revolver ModusLink submitted a notice of termination to MidCap Financial Trust for its million revolving credit facility (the MidCap Credit Facility ), which was set to expire on December 31, 2022. There was no balance outstanding on the Midcap Credit Facility at the time of its termination. 
 On March 13, 2023, ModusLink and Umpqua Bank entered into an amendment to the Umpqua Revolver (the "Umpqua Revolver Amendment") to extend the expiration date of the facility from March 16, 2024 to March 31, 2025. There were no fees associated with the extension. As of April 30, 2023, there were thousand of unamortized debt issuance costs recorded to other current assets, which were written off with the application of pushdown accounting. Refer to Note 3 - "Exchange Transaction" for further details. 
 As of July 31, 2023, ModusLink was in compliance with the Umpqua Revolver's covenants, and believes it will remain in compliance with the Umpqua Revolver s covenants for the next twelve months. As of July 31, 2023, ModusLink had available borrowing capacity of million and there was million outstanding for letters of credit. 

(11) 
 
 , some of which include options to purchase, extend or terminate the leases, and management has assessed such terms when determining the lease term for accounting purposes. The Company's current lease arrangements expire through fiscal year 2029. 
 
 The Company's leases do not include any residual value guarantees, and therefore none were considered in the calculation of the operating ROU and operating lease liability balances. The Company has leases that contain variable payments, most commonly in the form of common area maintenance charges, which are based on actual costs incurred. These variable payments were excluded from the calculation of the operating ROU asset and operating lease liability balances since they are not fixed or in-substance fixed payments. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Short-term lease expense Sublease income ) ) ) Variable lease cost Interest on finance lease liabilities 
 
 Lease Commitments 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest Present value of lease payments Less: current lease obligations Long-term lease obligations 
 
 In order to calculate the operating ROU asset and operating lease liability for a lease, a lessee is required to apply a discount rate equal to the rate implicit in the lease whenever that rate is readily determinable. The Company's lease agreements generally do not provide a readily determinable implicit rate, nor is the rate available to the Company from its lessors and, therefore, the Company determines an incremental borrowing rate to determine the present value of the lease payments. The incremental borrowing rate represents the rate of interest the Company would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar lease term to obtain an asset of similar value. 
 
 Additional Lease Information 

58 

Table of Contents 

 years Weighted average discount rate: Operating leases 
 
 Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
 
 Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases 

(12) 
 
 million during the three months ended January 31, 2022. In July 2022, ModusLink reorganized its supply chain operations in Ireland and recorded a restructuring charge of approximately million during the three months ended July 31, 2022. The restructuring charges recorded in fiscal year ended July 31, 2022 were primarily composed of employee termination costs. 
 
 In February 2023, ModusLink reorganized its call center operations in the United States and recorded a restructuring charge of approximately million during the three months ended April 30, 2023. The restructuring charges recorded in three months ended April 30, 2023 were primarily composed of employee termination costs. In the three months ended July 2023, ModusLink completed its Ireland and United States strategic reorganization plan and reversed approximately million of restructuring accrual. The reversal of unused restructuring charges recorded in the three months ended July 31, 2023 were primarily related to employee termination costs. Selling, general and administrative ) 
 
 Changes to the restructuring liability during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023 were as follows: 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Costs incurred Cash payments ) Change in estimates ) Balance as of July 31, 2023 

(13) 
 
 million of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock by SPHG Holdings and equity grants made to Messrs. Lichtenstein, Howard and Fejes on December 15, 2017 (collectively, the "Challenged Transactions"). The Company is named as a nominal defendant. The complaint alleges that although the Challenged Transactions were approved by a Special Committee consisting of the independent members of the Board of Directors (Messrs. Fenton, Lengyel and Wald), the Steel Parties dominated and controlled the Special Committee, who approved the Challenged Transactions in breach of their fiduciary duty. Plaintiff alleges that the Challenged Transactions unfairly diluted stockholders and therefore unjustly enriched Steel Holdings, SPHG Holdings and Messrs. Lichtenstein, Howard and Fejes. The complaint also alleges that the Board of Directors made misleading disclosures in the Company's proxy statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders in connection with seeking approval to amend the 2010 Incentive Award Plan to authorize the issuance of additional shares to accommodate certain shares underlying the equity grants. Remedies requested include rescission of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and equity grants, disgorgement of any unjustly obtained property or compensation and monetary damages. On June 8, 2018, defendants moved to dismiss the complaint for failure to plead demand futility and failure to state a claim. On June 28, 2019, the Court denied most of the motion to dismiss allowing the matter to proceed. The defendants answered the complaint on September 6, 2019, denying all liability. 
 
 On August 13, 2021, the Company, together with certain of its current and former directors of the Board, Warren Lichtenstein, Glen Kassan, William Fejes, Jr., Jack Howard, Jeffrey Fenton and Jeffrey Wald, as well as other named defendants (collectively, the Defendants ), entered into a memorandum of understanding (the MOU with Donald Reith (the Plaintiff in connection with the settlement of the Reith v. Lichtenstein, et al., C.A. No. 2018-0277-MTZ (Del. Ch. 2018) class and derivative action. A definitive Stipulation of Settlement (the Stipulation incorporating the terms of the MOU was filed with the Court on February 18, 2022. Pursuant to the MOU and Stipulation, and contingent on approval of the terms by the court, the Defendants agreed to cause their directors and officers liability insurance carriers to pay to the Company million in cash. 
 
 Additionally, under the MOU and separate letter agreements between the Company and such individuals (the Surrender Agreements ), Messrs. Lichtenstein, Howard and Fejes agreed to surrender to the Company an aggregate million shares that they had initially received in December 2017 in consideration for services to the Company. The surrenders and cancellations are in the following amounts: for Mr. Lichtenstein, vested shares and unvested shares; for Mr. Howard, vested shares and unvested shares; and for Mr. Fejes, vested shares. On August 17, 2021, Mr. Lichtenstein and Mr. Howard surrendered the shares required under the MOU, the Stipulation and their respective Surrender Agreements, and in December 2021 Mr. Fejes did the same. All such shares were subsequently cancelled. Pursuant to the MOU and Stipulation, the Company also agreed to pay the Plaintiff s counsel legal fees for this matter in an amount up to million, if approved by the court. 
 
 After the parties filed papers in support of court approval of the settlement, and an objector filed papers in opposition to approval of the settlement, and after hearings held on August 12 and August 18, 2022, the parties submitted an amendment to the Stipulation: (i) increasing the proposed total contribution of the insurers to million, (ii) reducing Plaintiff s counsel s fee request to million, and (iii) providing that if the then pending proposed Merger was consummated, the million, minus fees awarded to Plaintiff s counsel and costs of distribution of up to , would be distributed to the holders of eligible shares of Common Stock (as defined in the Merger Agreement governing the Merger), other than the Defendants; 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 . On September 23, 2022, the court ruled that it was denying approval of the settlement. On September 12, 2023, the court approved a stipulated pretrial and trial schedule culminating in a trial scheduled for September 2024. The possible liability, if any, with respect to this dispute cannot be determined. 
 
 On June 6, 2023, the Company received a books and records demand from Reith under Delaware General Corporation Law Section 220 which requests an array of documents for the purported purposes of investigating potential wrongdoing in connection with the April 30, 2023 transaction between Steel Holdings and Steel Connect. The Company is responding to this demand. The possible liability, if any, with respect to this dispute cannot be determined. 
 
 Mohammad Ladjevardian v. Warren G. Lichtenstein, et al. 
 
 On September 1, 2023, a purported stockholder, Mohammad Ladjevardian, filed a verified complaint alleging a single direct claim for breach of fiduciary duty against members of Steel Connect s Board of Directors, Steel Holdings, Steel Excel, Inc., and WebFinancial Corporation in connection with the Exchange Transaction. Directors named in the complaint are Warren Lichtenstein, Glen Kassan, and Jack Howard. The complaint alleges that although the challenged transaction was approved by the independent Strategic Planning Committee, the committee failed to obtain a control premium or to consider the dilutive effect that the Series E issuance had on the plaintiff s holdings. Remedies requested include rescission of the Series E shares and a judicially imposed requirement that all future transactions involving Steel Holdings and its affiliates be subject to minority stockholder approval. On September 27, 2023, the entity defendants moved to dismiss the complaint. On October 5, 2023, the individual defendants moved to dismiss the complaint. The possible liability, if any, with respect to this dispute cannot be determined as of this date. 

(14) 
 
 defined benefit pension plans covering certain of ModusLink's employees in its Netherlands facility and unfunded defined benefit pension plan covering certain of its employees in Japan. Pension costs are actuarially determined. During the year ended July 31, 2020, the Netherlands defined benefit plan was amended so active participants no longer accrued benefits as of January 1, 2020 which resulted in a pre-tax curtailment gain of million recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income. 
 
 The plan assets of the two defined benefit plans associated with the ModusLink's Netherlands facility consist of an insurance contract that guarantees the payment of the funded pension entitlements. Insurance contract assets are recorded at fair value, which is determined based on the cash surrender value of the insured benefits which is the present value of the guaranteed funded benefits. Insurance contracts are valued using unobservable inputs, primarily by discounting expected future cash flows relating to benefits paid from a notional investment portfolio in order to determine the cash surrender value of the policy. 
 Other investments 
 Predecessor Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using (In thousands) July 31, 2022 Asset Allocations Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Insurance contract Other investments 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Adjustment related to unconditional indexation of benefits Service cost Interest cost Actuarial gain ) ) Benefits and administrative expenses paid ) ) Settlements ) Currency translation ) Benefit obligation at end of year Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) ) Employer contributions, net Settlements ) Benefits and administrative expenses paid ) ) Currency translation ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status Current liabilities ) ) Noncurrent liabilities ) ) Net amounts recognized on the consolidated balance sheets ) ) 
 As discussed above, during the year ended July 31, 2020, a Netherlands defined benefit pension plan was amended such that active participants no longer accrued benefits as of January 1, 2020. At that time, the active plan participants were moved into a new defined benefit contribution pension plan. During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, the Company recorded an increase of approximately million to accrued pension liabilities for the defined benefit pension plan as it was determined that plan participants are entitled to unconditional indexation of benefits for as long as they remain in active service with the Company. 
 Additionally, as discussed in Note 3 - "Exchange Transaction", the defined benefit pension plan assets were remeasured at fair value as of the date of the Exchange Transaction, which resulted in a million decrease to the pension liability, with the offset to goodwill. The incremental decrease of thousand to the pension liability was booked to accumulated other comprehensive income in July 2023 based off of the fair value of the defined benefit pension plan assets as of July 31, 2023. 
 
 Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 

62 

Table of Contents 

 Interest costs Expected return on plan assets ) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss Net periodic pension costs 
 
 Assumptions 
 
 Rate of compensation increase 
 
 The table below summarizes weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic pension cost: 
 Successor Predecessor July 31, 2023 July 31, 2022 Discount rate Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase 
 
 The discount rate reflects the Company's best estimate of the interest rate at which pension benefits could be effectively settled as of the valuation date. It is based on the Mercer Yield Curve for the Eurozone as of July 31, 2023 for the appropriate duration of the plan. 
 
 To develop the expected long-term rate of return on assets assumptions, consideration is given to the current level of expected returns on risk free investments, the historical level of risk premium associated with the other asset classes in which the portfolio is invested and the expectations for the future returns of each asset class. The expected return for each asset class was then weighted based on the target asset allocation to develop the expected long-term rate of return on assets assumption for the portfolio. 
 
 Benefit Payments 
 
 million in fiscal year 2024. 
 Pension Benefit Payments (In thousands) For the fiscal year ending July 31: 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 
 The current target allocations for plan assets are primarily insurance contracts. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 of the greater of the pension benefit obligation or market-related value of plan assets are amortized over the expected average remaining lifetime of all inactive participants. 

(15) 
 
 Other Timing of Revenue Recognition Services transferred over time 
 
 Contract assets Deferred revenue - current Deferred revenue - long-term Total deferred revenue 
 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 
 Remaining performance obligations are comprised of deferred revenue. Changes in deferred revenue during the fiscal years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 were as follows: Successor Predecessor May 1 to July 31, August 1, 2022 to April 30, Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 2023 2022 (In thousands) Balance at beginning of period Deferral of revenue Recognition of deferred amounts upon satisfaction of performance obligation ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 The Company expects to recognize approximately million of the deferred revenue over the next twelve months and the remaining million beyond that time period. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

(16) 
 
 ) Derecognition of accrued pricing liabilities (a) 
 Other gains, net 
 (a) Refer to Note 3 - "Exchange Transaction" and Note 9 - "Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities" for information on the derecognition of the accrued pricing liabilities. 
 
 Other gains, net for the May 1 to July 31, 2023 Successor Period is primarily made up of million realized gains recognized on the disposition of the Aerojet shares. See Note 3 - "Exchange Transaction" for more information. Other gains, net for the August 1, 2022 to April 30, 2023 Predecessor Period was primarily due to: (1) million gain from proceeds received from the sale of an investment in Tallan, Inc., (2) million settlement with a client, and (3) million interest income. 

(17) 
 
 shares of common stock of the Company in addition to (i) shares of common stock previously available for issuance under the 2010 Incentive Plan and (ii) up to shares of common stock subject to outstanding awards under the 2010 Incentive Plan, which if forfeited or lapse unexercised or are settled in cash and are not issued under the prior plan for any reason, may be issued under the 2020 Incentive Plan. As of July 31, 2023, shares were available for future issuance under the 2020 Incentive Plan. 
 
 The Board of Directors administers all stock plans, approves the individuals to whom options will be granted, and determines the number of shares and exercise price of each option and may delegate this authority to a committee of the Board of Directors or to certain officers of the Company in accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") regulations and applicable Delaware law. 
 
 During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company awarded stock-based compensation under the 2020 Incentive Plan. 
 
 On December 15, 2017, under the 2010 Incentive Plan, the Board, upon the recommendation of the Special Committee and the Company's Compensation Committee, approved million restricted stock grants and million market based restricted stock grants to non-employee directors of the Company. The million restricted stock vested immediately on the grant date. The million market based restricted stock grants do not expire and vest upon the attainment of target stock price hurdles. As of July 31, 2020, million of the market based restricted stock grants had met the target stock price hurdles. The restricted stock grants and market based restricted stock grants were fully expensed as of July 31, 2021. As discussed in Note 13 - "Commitments and Contingencies", on August 13, 2021 and February 22, 2022, respectively the Company, together with certain of its current and former directors of the Board, entered into a memorandum of understanding and stipulation of settlement with Donald Reith in connection with the settlement of the Reith v. Lichtenstein, et al., C.A. No. 2018-0277-MTZ 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 million restricted stock and market based restricted stock awards granted In December 2017, the non-employee directors surrendered to the Company an aggregate million vested shares and million unvested shares. 
 
 For the May 1 to July 31, 2023 Successor Period, million of share-based compensation expense was recorded in SG A expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. For the August 1, 2022 to April 30, 2023 Predecessor Period, and the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022 Predecessor Period, million and million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense was recorded in SG A expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Restricted Stock 
 
 Restricted stock consists of shares of common stock that are subject to restrictions on transfer and risk of forfeiture until the fulfillment of specified conditions. Restricted stock is expensed ratably over the term of the restriction period, ranging from one to unless there are performance conditions placed on the restricted stock, in which case the restricted stock is expensed using graded vesting. Restricted stock compensation expense for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited Nonvested stock outstanding, July 31, 2023 
 
 The fair value of restricted shares is determined based on the market price of the Company's common stock on the grant date. The total grant date fair value of restricted stock that vested during the fiscal years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 was approximately million and million, respectively. As of July 31, 2023, there was approximately million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 The Company offers to its employees an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "ESPP") under which an aggregate of shares of the Company's stock may be issued. Employees who elect to participate in the ESPP instruct the Company to withhold a specified amount through payroll deductions during each quarterly period. On the last business day of each applicable quarterly payment period, the amount withheld is used to purchase the Company's common stock at a purchase price equal to of the lower of the market price on the first or last business day of the quarterly period. During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, the Company issued zero shares under the ESPP. During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022, the Company issued approximately shares under the ESPP. Approximately shares are available for future issuance as of July 31, 2023. 

(18) 

66 

Table of Contents 

 ) Foreign ) Total income (loss) from operations before income taxes 
 
 State ) Foreign ) ) Deferred (benefit) provision: Federal State Foreign ) ) Total tax (benefit) provision ) 
 
 As of July 31, 2023, the Company recorded a non-current deferred tax asset of and a non-current deferred tax liability of million in "Other Assets" and "Other Long-term Liabilities", respectively. As of July 31, 2022, the Company recorded a non-current deferred tax asset of million and a non-current deferred tax liability of million in "Other Assets" and "Other Long-term Liabilities," respectively. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Tax basis in excess of financial basis for intangible and fixed assets Lease liability Interest expense disallowance Credit carry forwards Net operating loss and capital loss carry forwards Total gross deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Financial basis in excess of tax basis for intangible and fixed assets ) ) Right of use asset ) ) Convertible debt ) ) Total gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) 
 
 The net change in the total valuation allowance for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023 was an decrease of approximately million. This decrease is primarily due to the U.S. valuation allowance. A valuation allowance has been recorded against the gross deferred tax asset in the U.S and certain foreign subsidiaries since management believes that after considering all the available objective evidence, both positive and negative, historical and prospective, it is more likely than not that certain assets will not be realized. The net change in the total valuation allowance for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022 was an increase of approximately million. 
 
 The Company has certain deferred tax benefits, including those generated by net operating losses and certain other tax attributes (collectively, the "Tax Benefits"). The Company's ability to use these Tax Benefits could be substantially limited if it were to experience an "ownership change," as defined under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). In general, an ownership change would occur if there is a greater than 50-percentage point change in ownership of securities by stockholders owning (or deemed to own under Section 382 of the Code) or more of a corporation's securities over a rolling period. 
 
 The Company determined that the beginning balances related to its deferred tax accounts for both the cumulative net operating loss carryover along with valuation allowance balances needed to be updated due to an immaterial error associated with the return to provision true up. The return to provision true up adjustment related to the calculation of the Company s stock basis for the IWCO worthless stock deduction. The net impact of the reduction to the beginning balances for the net operating losses and valuation allowances was approximately million and did not change any amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets or consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act IRA was signed into law in the United States. Among other provisions, the IRA includes a 15 corporate minimum tax rate applied to certain large corporations and a 1 excise tax on corporate stock repurchases made after December 31, 2022. We do not expect the IRA to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 On March 27, 2020, the President of the United States signed the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security ("CARES") Act into law which is intended to respond to the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on the economy, public health, state and local governments, individuals and businesses. The CARES Act contains numerous tax provisions including temporary changes to the future limitations on interest deductions related to section 163j. 
 
 The Company has estimated its fiscal year 2023 global intangible low-taxed income ("GILTI") inclusion based on its current year foreign activity. The foreign entities have minor earnings and profit adjustments that will be factored in as part of the tax return filing. These amounts are not material and will not have a significant impact on the overall tax provision or disclosure. Due to the net operating losses available in the U.S., the Company is not entitled to a Section 250 deduction, which 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, at July 31, 2023. As of July 31, 2023, approximately billion of net operating loss carryforwards for federal and state tax purposes expired. million of the company's federal net operating losses will expire from the fiscal year ending July 31, 2024 through the fiscal year ended July 31, 2038 and the remainder federal net operating losses of million has an indefinite carryforward period. The state net operating losses will expire from the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024 through the fiscal year ended July 31, 2042. The Company has a foreign net operating loss carryforward of approximately million, of which million has an indefinite carryforward period. 
 
 Increase (decrease) in income tax expense resulting from: Change in valuation allowance ) ) Foreign tax rate differential ) ) Nondeductible expenses Foreign withholding taxes Foreign other adjustments ) GILTI Addition of uncertain tax position reserves ) Worthless stock deduction ) State income taxes, net of federal benefit ) ) Expiration of net operating loss Deferred true-up Other ) Actual income tax (benefit) expense ) 
 
 The calculation of the Company's income tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations in several tax jurisdictions. The Company is periodically reviewed by domestic and foreign tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. These reviews include questions regarding the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. In evaluating the exposure associated with various filing positions, the Company records estimated reserves when necessary. Based on the evaluation of current tax positions, the Company believes it has appropriately accrued for exposures. 
 
 The Company operates in multiple taxing jurisdictions, both within and outside of the United States. At July 31, 2023 and 2022, the total amount of the liability for unrecognized tax benefits, including interest, related to federal, state and foreign taxes was approximately million and million, respectively. To the extent the unrecognized tax benefits are recognized, the entire amount would impact income tax expense. The Company expects that there will be a million reduction of the unrecognized tax benefits in the next twelve months related to the U.S. state income tax exposure as a result of a lapse in the applicable statute of limitations. 
 
 The Company files income tax returns in the U.S., various states and in foreign jurisdictions. The federal and state income tax returns are generally subject to tax examinations for the tax years ended July 31, 2020 through July 31, 2023. To the extent the Company has tax attribute carryforwards, the tax year in which the attribute was generated may still be adjusted upon examination by the Internal Revenue Service or state tax authorities to the extent utilized in a future period. In addition, a 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Additions for current year tax positions Currency translation ) Reductions for lapses in statute of limitations ) ) Reductions for member leaving consolidated group ) Balance as of end of year 
 
 In accordance with the Company's accounting policy, interest related to income taxes is included in the provision for income taxes line of the consolidated statements of operations. For the fiscal years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company has not recognized any material interest expense related to uncertain tax positions. As of July 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had recorded liabilities for increases in interest expense related to uncertain tax positions for an immaterial amount. The Company expects million of unrecognized tax benefits and related interest will reverse in the next twelve months. 

(19) 

70 

Table of Contents 

 ) Loss from discontinued operations ) Net income (loss) ) Less: Preferred dividends on Series C preferred stock ) ) ) Net income (loss) available to common stockholders ) Less: Undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) Effect of dilutive securities: Dividends on Series C preferred stock Undistributed earnings allocated to Series E preferred stock Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders - assuming dilution ) Net income (loss) per common share - basic Net income (loss) from continuing operations ) Net loss from discontinued operations ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) Net income (loss) per common share - diluted Net income (loss) from continuing operations ) Net loss from discontinued operations ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic Effect of dilutive securities: Common stock equivalents - Restricted stock and restricted stock shares Common stock equivalents - Series C Preferred Stock Common stock equivalents - Series E Preferred Stock Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 
 
 As of July 31, 2023, the Company calculates basic and diluted net income (loss) per common share using the two-class method, as the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock issued in the Exchange Transaction meets the definition of a participating security. The two-class method is an allocation formula that determines net income (loss) per common share for each share of common stock and Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, a participating security, according to dividends declared and participation rights in undistributed earnings. Under this method, all earnings (distributed and undistributed) are allocated to common shares and Series E Convertible Preferred Stock based on their respective rights to receive dividends. The holders of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to participate equally and ratably with the holders of shares of Common Stock in all dividends or other distributions on the shares of Common Stock as if, immediately prior to each record date for payment of dividends or other distributions on the Common Stock, shares of Series E Preferred Stock then outstanding were converted into shares of Common Stock. Basic net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) allocated to common stockholders for the period by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Net income (loss) available to common stockholders for the period includes dividends paid to common stockholders during the period plus a proportionate share of undistributed net income (loss) allocable to common stockholders for the period; the proportionate share of undistributed net income allocable to common stockholders for the period is based on the proportionate 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 million of interest expense, net of tax impact related to the SPHG Note was excluded from the numerator in the calculation of diluted net income per share as their inclusion would have been antidilutive. 
 
 For the August 1, 2022 to April 30, 2023 Predecessor Period, million of interest expense, net of tax impact related to the SPHG Note were excluded from the numerator in the calculation of diluted net income per share as their inclusion would have been antidilutive. 
 
 For the May 1 to July 31, 2023 Successor Period, million common stock equivalent shares (including those related to the SPHG Note) were excluded from the denominator in the calculation of diluted net income per share as their inclusion would have been antidilutive. 
 
 For the August 1, 2022 to April 30, 2023 Predecessor Period, million common stock equivalent shares (including those related to the SPHG Note) were excluded from the denominator in the calculation of diluted net income per share as their inclusion would have been antidilutive. 

(20) 

72 

Table of Contents 

 ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Pension liability adjustments Net current-period other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at July 31, 2022 (Predecessor) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Pension liability adjustments ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at April 30, 2023 (Predecessor) ) Application of pushdown accounting ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at May 1, 2023 (Successor) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Pension liability adjustments Net current-period other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at July 31, 2023 (Successor) ) ) 
 
 In both the fiscal years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded an immaterial amount in taxes related to other comprehensive income (loss). 

(21) 
 
 Funds held for clients Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 
 Cash paid for income taxes 
 
 Cash paid for taxes can be lower than income tax expense as shown on the Company's consolidated statements of operations due to the timing of required payments in relation to recorded expense, which can cross fiscal years. 
 
 Non-Cash Activities 
 
 Non-cash investing activities during the Successor Period included million for unsettled proceeds from the disposition of the Aerojet shares. The proceeds were received in August 2023. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 million of Series E Preferred Stock in exchange for million shares of common stock, par value per share, of Aerojet held by Steel Holdings in the Exchange Transaction. Additionally, non-cash financing activities during the fiscal years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 included the issuance of approximately million and million shares, respectively, of non-vested common stock, valued at approximately million and million, respectively, to certain employees and non-employees of the Company. The Company also approved thousand of accelerated compensation cost related to unvested shares that were approved to vest. 

(22) 
 
 shares of the Company's newly created Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share (the "Series C Convertible Preferred Stock"), to SPHG Holdings at a price of per share, for an aggregate purchase consideration of million (the "Series C Convertible Preferred Stock Transaction"). The terms, rights, obligations and preferences of the Preferred Stock are set forth in a Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (the "Series C Certificate of Designations"), which has been filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 
 
 Under the Series C Certificate of Designations, each share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock can be converted into shares of the Company's common stock, par value per share (the "Common Stock"), at an initial conversion price equal to per share, subject to appropriate adjustments for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction. Holders of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock will also receive dividends at per annum payable, at the Company's option, in cash or Common Stock. If at any time the closing bid price of the Company's Common Stock exceeds of the conversion price for at least consecutive trading days (subject to appropriate adjustments for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction), the Company has the right to require each holder of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock to convert all, or any whole number, of shares of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock into Common Stock. 
 
 Upon the occurrence of certain triggering events such as a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, either voluntary or involuntary, or the merger or consolidation of the Company or significant subsidiary, or the sale of substantially all of the assets or capital stock of the Company or a significant subsidiary, the holders of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or funds of the Company to the holders of other equity or equity equivalent securities of the Company other than the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share in cash equal to the sum of (i) of the stated value per share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (initially per share) then held by them (as adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or other similar transactions with respect to the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock), plus (ii) of all declared but unpaid dividends, and all accrued but unpaid dividends on each such share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, in each case as the date of the triggering event. 
 
 On or after December 15, 2022, each holder of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock can also require the Company to redeem its Series C Convertible Preferred Stock in cash at a price equal to the Liquidation Preference (as defined in Series C Certificate of Designations). 
 
 Each holder of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock has a vote equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which its Series C Convertible Preferred Stock would be convertible as of the record date, provided that the number of shares 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 million shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of Steel Connect (the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock , and, such transfer the Transfer and Exchange Agreement ). Pursuant to the Transfer and Exchange Agreement, the Company held a special stockholders meeting on June 6, 2023 (the Special Meeting to consider and vote upon the rights of the Series E Preferred Stock to vote and receive dividends together with the Common Stock on an as-converted basis and the issuance of the Company's common stock (the "Common Stock") upon conversion of the Series E Preferred Stock by the holders at their option, pursuant to the rules and regulations of Nasdaq (the Nasdaq Proposal ). Following approval of the Nasdaq Proposal by the Steel Connect stockholders (the Stockholder Approval ), the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock became convertible into an aggregate of million shares of the Common Stock, and votes together with the Common Stock and participates in any dividends paid on the Common Stock, in each case on an as-converted basis. Refer to Note 25 - "Related Party Transactions" for more information on the Voting Agreement. 
 
 The terms, rights, obligations and preferences of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock are set forth in a Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (the Series E Certificate of Designations ), which are summarized below: 
 
 Any holder of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock Holder ), may, at its option, convert all or any shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock held by such Holder into Common Stock based on a conversion price of (the Conversion Price per share, subject to appropriate adjustments for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, or similar transaction by delivering to the Company a conversion notice. 
 
 Holders are entitled to participate equally and ratably with the holders of shares of Common Stock in all dividends or other distributions on the shares of Common Stock as if, immediately prior to each record date for payment of dividends or other distributions on the Common Stock, shares of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock then outstanding were converted into shares of Common Stock. Dividends or other distributions payable will be payable on the same date that such dividends or other distributions are payable to holders of shares of Common Stock, and no dividends or other distributions will be payable to holders of shares of Common Stock unless dividends or such other distributions are also paid at the same time in respect of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 Upon the occurrence of certain triggering events such as a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, either voluntary or involuntary, any merger or consolidation in which the Company is a constituent party or a Significant Subsidiary is a constituent party and the Company issues shares of its capital stock pursuant to such merger or consolidation such that the stockholders of the Company prior to such merger or consolidation hold less than of the aggregate voting securities of 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 (as adjusted for any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination or other similar transactions with respect to the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock Liquidation Preference ). In the event that the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock Liquidation Preference is not paid with respect to any shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock as required to be paid, such shares shall continue to be entitled to dividends and all such shares shall remain outstanding and entitled to all the rights and preferences provided within the Series E Certificate of Designations. 
 
 The Company nor the Holder have any rights to redeem the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 Prior to obtaining the Stockholder Approval, the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock was non-voting and did not have the right to vote on any matters presented to the stockholders of the Company. Following the date on which Stockholder Approval was obtained, which was approved by the Company's stockholders at the special stockholders' meeting held on June 6, 2023, each Holder is now entitled to vote with holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock, voting together as a single class, with respect to any and all matters presented to the stockholders of the Company for their action or consideration (whether at a meeting of stockholders of the Company, by written action of stockholders in lieu of a meeting or otherwise), except as provided by law. In any such vote, each Holder is entitled to a number of votes equal to the largest number of whole shares of Common Stock into which all shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock held of record by such Holder is convertible as of the record date for such vote or written consent or, if there is no specified record date, as of the date of such vote or written consent. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Each holder of the Company's common stock is entitled to: 
 
 vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, subject to the rights of any preferred stock that may be outstanding; 
 dividends as may be declared by the Company's Board of Directors out of funds legally available for that purpose, subject to the rights of any preferred stock that may be outstanding; and 
 a pro rata share in any distribution of the Company's assets after payment or providing for the payment of liabilities and the liquidation preference of any outstanding preferred stock in the event of liquidation. 
 
 Holders of the Company's common stock have no cumulative voting rights, redemption rights or preemptive rights to purchase or subscribe for any shares of its common stock or other securities. All of the outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of its common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any existing series of preferred stock and any series of preferred stock that the Company may designate and issue in the future. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Company's common stock. 
 
 Reverse/Forward Stock Split 
 
 At the special stockholders meeting held on June 6, 2023, the stockholders approved proposals to amend the Company s restated certificate of incorporation (the Charter ), to effect a 1-for-3,500 reverse stock split of the common stock (the Reverse Stock Split ), followed immediately by a -for-1 forward stock split of the common stock (the Forward Stock Split, and, together with the Reverse Stock Split, the Reverse/Forward Stock Split ). On June 7, 2023, the Board approved the Reverse/Forward Stock Split, and as such, the Board directed the Company to file with the State of Delaware certificates of amendment to our Charter to effectuate the Reverse/Forward Stock Split. The Reverse/Forward Stock Split was effective on June 21, 2023 (the Effective Date ). The Company s common stock began trading on a Reverse/Forward Stock Split-adjusted basis on the Nasdaq Capital Market when the market opened on June 22, 2023. The trading symbol for the Company s common stock remains STCN. 
 
 No fractional shares were issued in connection with the Reverse/Forward Stock Split. Shares held by stockholders who held fewer than of the Company s common stock immediately prior to the Reverse Stock Split were converted into the right to receive a payment in cash (without interest) equal to the fair value of such shares as of the time when those entitled to receive such payments were determined, which shall be an amount equal to such number of shares of Company s common stock held multiplied by the average of the closing sales prices of the Company s common stock on Nasdaq for the five consecutive trading days immediately preceding the effective date of the Reverse Stock Split, and each share of Company s 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 shares or more immediately prior to the effective time of the Reverse Stock Split were converted into a new number of shares of Company s common stock based on a ratio of shares of the Company s common stock for each share of the Company s common stock owned immediately following the Reverse Stock Split, including any fractional shares owned following the Reverse Stock Split; however, with respect to any fractions of a share of Company Common Stock that may be held as a result of the Forward Stock Split, stockholders received a payment in cash (without interest) equal to the fair value of such fractions as of the time when those entitled to receive such fractions are determined, which was an amount equal to such fractions multiplied by the average of the closing sales prices of the Company s common stock on Nasdaq for the five consecutive trading days immediately preceding the effective date of the Reverse/Forward Stock Split (with such average closing sales prices being adjusted to give effect to the Reverse/Forward Stock Split). 
 
 The number of shares of authorized Company s common stock did not change as a result of the Reverse/Forward Stock Split; however, the number of shares of outstanding Company s common stock decreased as a result of the Reverse/Forward Stock Split. 
 
 Accordingly, all share and per-share amounts for the current period and prior periods have been adjusted to reflect the Reverse/Forward Stock Split. 
 
 The number of shares of Company s common stock issuable upon the exercise of Series C Preferred Stock and the Series E Preferred Stock immediately prior to the Reverse/Forward Stock Split were proportionately decreased and the conversion price of the Series C Preferred Stock and the Series E Preferred Stock were proportionately increased, effective as of June 21, 2023, the close of business on the date of such Reverse/Forward Stock Split. Our authorized preferred stock was not affected by the reverse stock split and continues to be shares of preferred stock, with a par value of per share. For details of the effects of the Exchange Transaction see Note 3, "Exchange Transaction". 

(23) 
 
 Liabilities: SPHG Note 
 Predecessor Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using (In thousands) July 31, 2022 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets: Money market funds 
 
 There were no transfers between Levels 1, 2 or 3 during any of the periods presented. 
 When available, quoted prices are used to determine fair value. When quoted prices in active markets are available, investments are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. When quoted prices in active markets are not available, fair values are determined using pricing models, and the inputs to those pricing models are based on observable market inputs. The inputs to the pricing models are typically benchmark yields, reported trades, broker-dealer quotes, issuer spreads and benchmark securities, among others. 
 Assets and Liabilities that are Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 The Company reviews the carrying amounts of these assets whenever certain events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount of the asset 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 million in unrealized losses in Other gains, net within the consolidated statements of operations for the Successor Period as a result of the fair value measurement performed at July 31, 2023. 
 Principal repayment ) Unrealized losses Balance as of July 31, 2023 (Successor) 
 Included in cash and cash equivalents in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets are money market funds. These are valued at quoted market prices in active markets. 

(24) 
 
 reportable segment: Supply Chain. The Company also has Corporate-level activity, which consists primarily of costs associated with certain corporate administrative functions such as legal, finance and share-based compensation, which are not allocated to the Company's reportable segment. The Corporate-level balance sheet information includes cash and cash equivalents, debt and other assets and liabilities which are not identifiable to the operations of the Company's operating segment. All significant intra-segment amounts have been eliminated. Management evaluates segment performance based on segment net revenue and operating income (loss). 
 
 Management evaluates segment performance based on segment net revenue, operating income (loss) and "adjusted operating income (loss)," which is defined as the operating income (loss) excluding net charges related to depreciation, amortization of long-lived asset impairment, share-based compensation and restructuring. These items are excluded because they may be considered to be of a non-operational or non-cash nature. Historically, the Company has recorded significant impairment and restructuring charges, and therefore management uses adjusted operating income (loss) to assist in evaluating the performance of the Company's core operations. 

78 

Table of Contents 

 Total segment net revenue Operating income: Supply Chain Total segment operating income Corporate-level activity ) ) ) Total operating (loss) income Total other income Income before income taxes 
 
 Corporate Total assets 
 
 Depreciation expense 
 
 United States Netherlands Singapore Czech Other Total consolidated net revenue 

(25) 
 79 

Table of Contents 

of our outstanding capital stock, including the if-converted value of the SPHG Note and shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series E Convertible Preferred Stock that vote on an as-converted basis together with our Common Stock. Warren G. Lichtenstein, our Interim Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Chairman of our Board, is also the Executive Chairman of Steel Holdings GP. Glen Kassan, our Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors and former Chief Administrative Officer, is an employee of Steel Services. Jack L. Howard, the President and a director of Steel Holdings GP, is also a director. 
 
 Upon closing of the Exchange Transaction on May 1, 2023, the Company became a consolidated subsidiary of Steel Holdings as described in Note 1 - "Nature of Operations" and Note 3 - "Exchange Transaction". After May 1, 2023, transactions between Steel Holdings and the Company are eliminated in consolidation by Steel Holdings. 
 
 SPHG Note Transaction 
 
 On February 28, 2019, the Company entered into that certain SPHG Note Purchase Agreement with SPHG Holdings, whereby SPHG Holdings agreed to loan the Company million in exchange for a Convertible Senior Note due March 1, 2024. 
 
 On March 9, 2023 (the "Amendment Date"), the Company and SPHG Holdings entered into an amendment to the SPHG Note. Pursuant to the SPHG Note Amendment, the maturity date of the SPHG Note was extended six months from March 1, 2024 to September 1, 2024. The Company repaid million in principal amount of the SPHG Note on the Amendment Date, and repaid an additional million principal amount of the note on June 9, 2023. In connection with the SPHG Note Amendment, the Company also paid SPHG Holdings a cash amendment fee of million, and derecognized million of the debt discount in proportion to the reduction of the principal balance on the Amendment Date in the fiscal third quarter. No other changes were made to the terms of the SPHG Note besides the items discussed. 
 
 As of July 31, 2023, SPHG Holdings held million principal amount of the SPHG Note, compared to million principal amount at July 31, 2022. As of July 31, 2023 and 2022, the net carrying value of the SPHG Note was million and million, respectively. Refer to Note 10 Debt and Note 23 - "Fair Value Measurements" for further information. During the May 1 to July 31, 2023 Successor Period, the Company recognized interest expense of million associated with the SPHG Note. During the August 1, 2022 to April 30, 2023 Predecessor Period, and the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022 Predecessor Period, the Company recognized interest expense of million and million, respectively, associated with the SPHG Note. 
 
 Preferred Stock Transactions 
 
 Refer to Note 22 Stockholders Equity for information on the Series C Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement with SPHG Holdings. During each of the fiscal years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company paid dividends of million and million, respectively, associated with the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 Refer to Note 22 Stockholders Equity for information on the Transfer and Exchange Agreement with the Steel Partners Group, where the Company exchanged million shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of Steel Connect for certain marketable securities held by the Steel Partners Group. 
 
 Stockholders' Agreement 
 
 Concurrently with the execution of the Transfer and Exchange Agreement, the Company, Steel Holdings, Steel Excel, WebFinancial, WHX CS, LLC, WF Asset Corp., Steel Partners Ltd., Warren G. Lichtenstein and Jack L. Howard (together, the "SP Investors") entered into a Stockholders' Agreement dated as of April 30, 2023 (the "Stockholders' Agreement"). Pursuant to the Stockholders' Agreement, the parties agreed to certain aspects of the Company's governance, including the maintenance of the Board size at directors and the creation of an Independent Audit Committee or Disinterested Audit Committee (as defined therein). 
 
 The Stockholders' Agreement further provides that (a) prior to September 1, 2025 the prior approval of the Independent Audit Committee or the Disinterested Audit Committee, as applicable, is required for the following: (i) a voluntary delisting of the common stock from the applicable stock exchange or a transaction (including a merger, recapitalization, stock split or otherwise) which results in the delisting of the common stock, Steel Connect ceasing to be an SEC reporting company, or Steel Connect filing a Form 25 or Form 15 or any similar form with the SEC; (ii) an amendment to the terms of the Management 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 of the voting power and value of the equity interests in Steel Connect that are held by the members of the SP Group being held by corporate entity. 
 
 The Stockholders' Agreement also provides that of the net proceeds received by the Company upon resolution of the Reith litigation will be distributed to the Company s stockholders with the SP Investors agreeing to waive their portion of any such distribution to the extent of any shares of common stock held as of the date of the Stockholders Agreement or issuable upon conversion of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock held by the SP Investors and the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of Steel Connect, and the SPHG Note. Any amendment to the Stockholders Agreement by the Company prior to the date that any person or group of related persons owns of the equity securities of the Company requires the prior approval of the Independent Audit Committee or the Disinterested Audit Committee, as applicable. 
 
 Voting Agreement 
 
 Concurrently with the execution of the Transfer and Exchange Agreement, the SP Investors and the Company entered into a Voting Agreement, dated as of April 30, 2023 (the Voting Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Voting Agreement, each SP Investor agreed to (i) vote, or cause to be voted, all securities of the Company beneficially owned by each such SP Investor for the approval of the Nasdaq Proposal and against any transaction or proposal that may delay, impair or nullify the approval of the Nasdaq Proposal; (ii) not enter into an agreement to vote in a manner inconsistent with the foregoing; and (iii) not transfer such Shares of common stock and Subject Shares (as defined in the Stockholders' Agreement), without the prior consent of the Company s audit committee, subject to certain standard exceptions. As the SP Investors already owned more than a majority of the voting power of the Company when they signed the Voting Agreement, approval of the Nasdaq Proposal was assured, and approval was received at a special meeting of stockholders held on June 6, 2023. The Steel Connect Board, acting on the unanimous recommendation of a strategic planning committee of the Steel Connect Board consisting solely of independent and disinterested directors of Steel Connect , approved the Transaction. Refer to Note 22 Stockholders Equity for more information on the Transfer and Exchange Agreement with the Steel Partners Group. 
 
 Management Services Agreement 
 
 On June 14, 2019, the Company entered into an agreement (the "Management Services Agreement") with Steel Services Ltd. ("Steel Services"), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Steel Holdings. The Management Services Agreement was effective as of June 1, 2019. Pursuant to this agreement, SP Corporate provided the Company and its subsidiaries with the services of certain employees, including certain executive officers and other corporate services. In connection with the IWCO Direct Disposal, the monthly fee under the Management Services Agreement was reduced effective on the Disposal Date primarily for the portion of the fee attributable to IWCO Direct. 

As of July 31, 2023 and 2022, amounts due to Steel Services were million and million, respectively and are recorded within the consolidated balance sheets as a component of Accounts payable. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 81 

Table of Contents 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such terms are defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Report. "Disclosure controls and procedures" means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. Based upon that evaluation, management, including the Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that the Company's disclosure controls were effective as of July 31, 2023. 
 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company (as such terms are defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company's principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company's board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of its financial reporting and the preparation of its financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Under the supervision of and with the participation of management, including the Interim Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of July 31, 2023. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended July 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 
 82 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Unless earlier included in an amendment to this Form 10-K, the information with respect to directors and executive officers required by this item will be contained in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of business of the fiscal year and is incorporated in this Report by reference. 
 
 During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, we made no material changes to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors, as described in our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on July 31, 2023. 
 
 The Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all directors, officers and employees of the Company, including the Company's principal executive officer, and its senior financial officers (principal financial officer and controller or principal accounting officer, or persons performing similar functions). The Company's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on its website, www.steelconnectinc.com (under the Corporate Governance section). We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement regarding any amendment to, or waiver of, a provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to the Company's principal executive officer or its senior financial officers (principal financial officer and controller or principal accounting officer, or persons performing similar functions) by posting such information on our website as required by the rules of the SEC or Nasdaq. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Unless earlier included in an amendment to this Form 10-K, the information required by this item will be contained in our definitive proxy statement and is incorporated in this Report by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Unless earlier included in an amendment to this Form 10-K, information regarding the security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management will be contained in our definitive proxy statement and is incorporated in this Report by reference. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information as of July 31, 2023 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding the Company's equity compensation plans as of July 31, 2023: 
 (a) (b) (c) Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 816,569 (1)(2) 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 816,569 _____________ 
 (1) Includes: 
 Approximately 8,284 shares available for issuance under the Company's Amended and Restated 1995 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended. 
 808,285 shares available for future issuance under the 2020 Stock Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 (2) On June 12, 2020, the Company's Board of Directors adopted, subject to stockholder approval, the Steel Connect Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Compensation Plan ("2020 Incentive Plan"), and on July 23, 2020, the 2020 Incentive Plan was approved. The 2020 Incentive Plan replaces the 2010 Incentive Award Plan, as amended (the "2010 Incentive Plan"). The Company also has a 2005 Non-Employee Director Plan (the "2005 Director Plan"). As of December 2010, no grants were allowed under the 2005 Director Plan. As of July 23, 2020, no additional grants may be issued under the 2010 Incentive Plan. Any awards that are outstanding under the 2010 Incentive Plan continue to be subject to the terms and conditions of such plan. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Unless earlier included in an amendment to this Form 10-K, the information required by this item will be contained in our definitive proxy statement and is incorporated in this Report by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Unless earlier included in an amendment to this Form 10-K, the information required by this item will be contained in our definitive proxy statement and is incorporated in this Report by reference. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 The financial statements listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements are filed as part of this Report. 
 
 (a) 2. Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted as they are either not required, not applicable, or the information is otherwise included. 
 
 (a) 3. Exhibits. 
 
 The exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index are filed, furnished or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report. 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 2.1 Transaction Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2022, by and among IWCO Direct Holdings Inc., Cerberus Business Finance, LLC, the entities listed on the signature pages thereto under the caption Lenders, Steel Connect, Inc., SPH Group Holdings LLC, Instant Web Holdings, LLC, and the other parties thereto is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 25, 2022. 
 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 29, 2008. 
 3.2 Certificate of Designations of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of ModusLink Global Solutions, Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 18, 2011 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2011. 
 3.3 Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws of ModusLink Global Solutions, Inc., as currently in effect is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 23, 2014. 
 3.4 Certificate of Elimination of Series B Junior Participating Preferred Stock of ModusLink Global Solutions, Inc., dated March 26, 2013 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 26, 2013. 
 3.5 Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on December 29, 2014 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2015. 
 3.6 Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of ModusLink Global Solutions, Inc. (Effecting the Reverse Split), filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on January 16, 2015 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 22, 2015. 
 3.7 Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of ModusLink Global Solutions, Inc. (Effecting the Forward Split), filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on January 16, 2015 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 22, 2015. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 3.8 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of ModusLink Global Solutions, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on December 15, 2017 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2017. 
 3.9 Certificate of Designation of Rights, Preferences and Privileges of Series D Junior Participating Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on January 19, 2018 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 19, 2018. 
 3.10 Certificate of Ownership and Merger filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on February 20, 2018 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 26, 2018 . 
 3.11 Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on April 12, 2018 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 16, 2018. 
 3.12 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of Steel Connect, Inc. is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with on May 1, 2023. 
 3.13 Certificate of Elimination of the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of Steel Connect, Inc. is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 2, 2023. 
 3.14 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Steel Connect, Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on June 21, 2023 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 22, 2023. 
 3.15 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Steel Connect, Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on June 21, 2023 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 22, 2023. 
 4.1 Specimen stock certificate representing the Registrant s Common Stock is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 22, 2015. 
 4.2 Description of Registrant's Securities is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on October 15 , 2019. 
 4.3 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan, dated as of January 19, 2018, by and between ModusLink Global Solutions, Inc. and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as rights agent is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 19, 2018. 
 4.4 Amendment to Tax Benefits Preservation Plan, dated as of January 8, 2021, by and between Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as Rights Agent is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 8, 2021 . 
 4.5 Form of 7.50 Convertible Senior Note due 2024 issued by Steel Connect, Inc. to SPH Group Holdings LLC. is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 28, 2019. 
 4.6 Amendment No. 1 to Convertible Note dated March 9, 2023 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2023. 
 10.1 Amended and Restated 1995 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended by Amendment No. 1 and Amendment No. 2 thereto is incorporated herein by reference to Appendix II to the Registrant s Definitive Schedule 14A filed on November 16, 2001. 
 10.2 Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated 1995 Employee Stock Purchase Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2006. 
 10.3 Amendment No. 4 to Amended and Restated 1995 Employee Stock Purchase Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2008. 
 10.4 Amendment No. 5 to Amended and Restated 1995 Employee Stock Purchase Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Appendix I to the Registrant s Definitive Schedule 14A filed on October 23, 2009. 
 10.5 Investment Agreement, dated February 11, 2013, between ModusLink Global Solutions, Inc. and Steel Partners Holdings, L.P. is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2013. 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 10.6 Settlement Agreement, dated February 11, 2013, among ModusLink Global Solutions, Inc., Handy Harman, Ltd. and certain of its affiliates party thereto is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2013. 
 10.7 Amendment No. 1 to Settlement Agreement, dated January 5, 2015, between ModusLink Global Solutions, Inc. and Handy Harman Ltd. is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2015. 
 10.8 Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of December 15, 2017, by and between ModusLink Global Solutions, Inc. and SPH Group Holdings LLC is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2017. 
 10.9++ Management Services Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2019, between Steel Services Ltd. and Steel Connect, Inc. is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on October 15, 2019. 
 10.10 Amendment No. 1 to Management Services Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2022, between Steel Services Ltd. and Steel Connect, Inc. 
 10.11 Amendment No. 2 to Management Services Agreement, dated as of October 25, 2023, between Steel Services Ltd. and Steel Connect, Inc. 
 10.12 Management Services Agreement, dated as of October 25, 2023, between Steel Services Ltd. and ModusLink Corporation. 
 10.13 Steel Connect, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Compensation Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Appendix II of the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed on June 29, 2020. 
 10.14 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Steel Connect, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Compensation Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on October 29, 2021. 
 10.15 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between the Company and its directors and officers is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2021. 
 10.16 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 16, 2022, between ModusLink Corporation, as borrower, and Umpqua Bank, as Lender is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2022. 
 10.17 First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated March 13, 2023 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2023. 
 10.18 Transfer and Exchange Agreement, dated as of April 30, 2023, by and among Steel Partners Holdings L.P., Steel Excel, Inc., WebFinancial Holding Corporation and Steel Connect, Inc. is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2023. 
 10.19 Stockholders Agreement, dated as of April 30, 2023, by and among Steel Connect, Inc., Steel Partners Holdings L.P., and the other stockholders signatory therein is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2023. 
 10.20 Voting Agreement, dated as of April 30, 2023, by and among Steel Connect, Inc., Steel Partners Holding L.P., WebFinancial Holding Corporation, WHX CS, LLC, WF Asset Corp., Steel Partners, Ltd., Warren G. Lichtenstein, and Jack L. Howard is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2023. 
 10.21 ModusLink Corporation Long Term Incentive Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2023. 
 10.22 Form of Award Agreement Under the ModusLink Corporation Long Term Incentive Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2023. 
 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23.1 Consent of BDO USA, P.C . 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 
 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 32.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 97.1 Steel Connect Inc. Policy for the Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation 
 101 Interactive Data Files Pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Audited Consolidated Balance Sheet as of July 31, 2023, (ii) Audited Consolidated Statement of Operations for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, (iii) Audited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, (iv) Audited Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, (v) Audited Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023 and (vi) Notes to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 
 
 ___________________ 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 ++ Portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K. Item 601(b)(10). Such 
 omitted information is not material and would likely cause competitive harm to the registrant if publicly disclosed. 
 The schedules to this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. 

87 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 STEEL CONNECT, INC. Date: November 8, 2023 By: /S/ W ARREN G . L ICHTENSTEIN 
 Warren G. Lichtenstein Interim Chief Executive Officer 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints jointly and severally, Warren G. Lichtenstein and Ryan O'Herrin, or either of them as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /S/ WARREN G. LICHTENSTEIN 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer, Executive Chairman of the Board and Director November 8, 2023 Warren G. Lichtenstein (Principal Executive Officer) / S / RYAN O'HERRIN 
 Chief Financial Officer November 8, 2023 Ryan O'Herrin (Principal Financial Officer) /S/ GARY W. TANKARD 
 Chief Accounting Officer November 8, 2023 Gary W. Tankard (Principal Accounting Officer) / S / JEFFREY J. FENTON 
 Director November 8, 2023 Jeffrey J. Fenton 
 
 / S / G LEN M. K ASSAN 
 Vice Chairman and Director November 8, 2023 Glen M. Kassan 
 
 /S/ JOSEPH MARTIN 
 Director November 8, 2023 Joseph Martin /S/ JEFFREY S. WALD 
 Director November 8, 2023 Jeffrey S. Wald 
 
 /S/ JACK L. HOWARD 
 Director November 8, 2023 Jack L. Howard 
 
 /S/ RENATA SIMRIL 
 Director November 8, 2023 Renata Simril 
 89 

<EX-10.11>
 2
 stcn-20230731xexx1011.htm
 EX-10.11

Document 

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO MANAGEMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT 
 
 This AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO MANAGEMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT (this Amendment ), dated as of October 25, 2023 and effective as of January 1, 2024 (the Effective Date ), and is between Steel Services Ltd. Steel Services ), a Delaware corporation, having an office at 590 Madison Avenue, 32nd Floor, New York, New York 10022 and Steel Connect, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), having an office at 590 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10022. 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company and Steel Services have previously entered into that certain Management Services Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2019 (the Management Services Agreement ), pursuant to which Steel Services agreed to furnish certain services to the Company, as set forth on Exhibit A attached thereto, as it may be amended from time to time pursuant to the terms thereof (the Services ), and Steel Services agreed to furnish the Services, pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth therein 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company and Steel Services previously amended the Management Services Agreement on October 27, 2022, effective as of February 25, 2022 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Steel Services desire to amend the Management Services Agreement to update the services and the applicable fees for the Services provided by Steel Services (the Fee Amount ), attributable primarily to increased M&A staffing and 
 
 WHEREAS, capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Management Services Agreement. 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows 
 
 1. Amendment to the Management Services Agreement . As of the Effective Date 
 
 (a) The Fee Amount set forth in Exhibit A of the Management Services Agreement is hereby amended to reflect the Fee Amount set forth in Exhibit I attached hereto. 
 
 2. Date of Effectiveness . This Amendment is effective as of January 1, 2024. 
 
 3. Continuing Effect . Except as expressly modified and amended herein, all of the terms and conditions of the Management Services Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed by the parties. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the amendments contained herein will not be construed as an amendment to or waiver of any other provision of the Management Services Agreement or as a waiver of or consent to any further or future action on the part of any party that would require the waiver or consent of another party. On and after the Effective Date, each reference in the Management Services Agreement to this Agreement, the Agreement, hereunder, hereof, herein or words of like import, and each reference to the Management Services Agreement in any other agreements, documents or instruments executed and delivered pursuant to, or in connection with, the Management Services Agreement, will mean and be a reference to the Management Services Agreement as amended by this Amendment. 
 
 4. Representations and Warranties . Steel Services hereby represents and warrants to the Company that all representations and warranties made in Section 4 of the Management Services Agreement remain true and correct as of the date hereof, and, to the extent they originally applied to the Management Services Agreement, apply to both this Amendment and the Management Services Agreement as amended by the Amendment. 
 
 5. Counterparts Choice of Law . This Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Amendment shall be construed under the laws of the State of New York and the parties hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction of any federal or state court located therein, and agree that jurisdiction shall rest exclusively therein, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws. 
 
 6. Further Assurances . Each of the parties hereto shall execute and deliver, at the reasonable request of the other party hereto, such additional documents, instruments, conveyances and assurances and take such further 

actions as such other party may reasonably request to carry out the provisions hereof and give effect to the transactions contemplated by this Amendment. 
 
 signature page follows 

2 

The parties have duly executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 
 
 STEEL SERVICES LTD . 
 By s Ryan O Herrin Name Ryan O Herrin Title CFO, Treasurer 

STEEL CONNECT, INC. 
 By s Ryan O Herrin Name Ryan O Herrin Title CFO 

3 

EXHIBIT I 
 
 The Services shall include providing the non-exclusive services of a person or people to serve in the following position or functions, and perform duties normally associated with that specific or substantially equivalent position or function for the Company 
 
 LEGAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH & SAFETY General Counsel services 
 Board meetings and board structure 
 SEC and Nasdaq reporting 
 Financial transactions 
 Mergers and acquisitions 
 Contract review 
 Litigation management 
 Labor and employment 
 All other legal (intellectual property, etc.) 
 Compliance and risk management 
 Environmental, health and safety compliance 
 FINANCE, TAX, TREASURY AND RISK CFO services to direct external reporting 
 Financing evaluation and transactional support 
 Bank account rationalization and fee negotiations 
 Treasury workstation and credit card procurement card evaluation 
 Insurance renewals 
 General tax services 
 Cash management 
 HUMAN RESOURCES Retention, recruitment, compensation benchmarking and standardization 
 Wellness programs 
 Geneal HR services 
 LEAN SBS Lean leadership training 
 Kaizen event facilitation 
 Strategy deployment 
 Solution selling 
 Joint purchasing participation 

4 

INTERNAL AUDIT Support SOA implementation 
 Ongoing SOA testing and control deficiency remediation 
 Third party resource coordination 
 Audit software implementation and deployment 
 MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS Business Development 
 Target sourcing and identification 
 Strategy and execution for sell-side process 
 Valuation analysis and deal structuring 
 End-to-end due diligence support and deal execution 
 Cash management 
 INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY Security and audit 
 Systems administration 
 Licensing, procurement and hardware standards 

The monthly fee for providing the Services shall be 131,000, paid in advance on the first day of the month. 
 
 DESIGNATED KEY PERSONS 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 General Counsel 
 Head of Lean Leadership 
 Head of Internal Audit Function 

5 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.12>
 3
 stcn-20230731xexx1012.htm
 EX-10.12

Document 

MANAGEMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT 
 
 This Management Services Agreement (the Agreement is dated as of as of October 25, 2023 and effective as of January 1, 2024 (the Effective Date and is between Steel Services Ltd. Steel Services ), a Delaware corporation, having an office at 590 Madison Avenue, 32nd Floor, New York, New York 10022 and ModusLink Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), having an office at 2000 Midway Lane, Smyrna, Tennessee 37167, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Steel Connect, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Steel Connect ), having an office at 590 Madison Avenue, New York, New York, 10022. 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to have Steel Services furnish certain services to the Company, as set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto, as it may be amended from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof (the Services ), and Steel Services has agreed to furnish the Services, pursuant to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. The Company has obtained all necessary approvals under its corporate governance documents for its entry into this Agreement. 
 
 WHEREAS, the Audit Committee (the Committee of the Board of Directors of Steel Connect (the Board ), comprised of disinterested directors approved this Agreement and recommended the Board s approval, and a majority of the disinterested directors of Steel Connect has voted to approve this Agreement. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties therefore agree as follows 
 
 Section 1. Engagement of Steel Services 
 
 1.01. During the term of this Agreement, Steel Services shall provide to the Company the Services by way of the non-exclusive services of persons designated by Steel Services to perform the Services in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement (the Designated Persons ), as described and defined on Exhibit A, as may be necessary or desirable or as may be reasonably requested or required in connection with the business, operations, and affairs (both ordinary and extraordinary) of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. 
 
 1.02. In performing the Services, Steel Services shall be subject to the supervision and control of the Committee and shall report to the Committee and or such other person designated by the Committee (an Authorized Person in accordance with such procedures as may be adopted by the Committee and Steel Services from time to time. Steel Services shall provide a quarterly report to the Committee or the Authorized Person summarizing the Services provided in such detail as the Committee or such Authorized Person and Steel Services shall mutually agree (each a Quarterly Report ). Each Quarterly Report shall be due on or before the 60th day following the expiration of the applicable fiscal quarter of the Company. Steel Services may incur obligations or enter into transactions on behalf of the Company subject to any mutually agreed upon limits as established from time to time by the Committee and Steel Services. 
 
 1.03. While the amount of time and personnel required for performance by Steel Services hereunder will necessarily vary depending upon the nature and type of Services, Steel Services shall devote such time and effort and make available such personnel as may from time to time reasonably be required for the performance of the Services hereunder and shall use its reasonable best efforts to carry out the purposes of the Company and shall perform Services to the best of its abilities in a timely, competent and professional manner, in compliance with any laws relevant to such Services, in compliance with the Company s policies, procedures and controls provided by the Company to Steel Services in writing from time to time, and in compliance with such reasonable directions as Steel Services officers, employees or representatives may receive from the Committee or from the Authorized Person or other designated representatives from time to time. 
 
 1.04. Exhibit A may be amended from time to time to provide for additional Services, the elimination of certain Services, increases or decreases to the compensation paid hereunder, or other changes, upon the mutual agreement of the parties hereto. 
 
 1.05. In the performance of Services, Steel Services will (i) assist and support the Company in respect of Steel Connect s compliance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 (the SOA and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder (including Section 404 of the SOA related to internal controls and Sections 302 and 906 of the SOA related to certifications) and any other applicable Federal or state securities law, and act in a manner consistent with regards thereto, and (ii) not cause the Company to willfully violate, any statue or regulation or any order, writ, judgment, or decree of any court, arbitrator or governmental authority applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. 
 
 Section 2. Term 

2.01. This Agreement shall commence effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue through December 31, 2024 and shall automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods (each such period, a Term unless and until terminated by either party in accordance with Section 2.02 below. If an involuntary or voluntary case or proceeding is commenced against or by the Company under the United States Bankruptcy Code, as amended, or any similar federal or state statute, either party hereto may terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other, subject to the payment by the Company of the termination fee described in Section 2.02 below. 
 
 2.02. This Agreement may be terminated (i) by either party, effective on the last day of the current Term, upon not less than ninety (90) days prior written notice to the other (ii) by the Company, at any time, on less than ninety (90) days-notice provided that, in the case of (i) or (ii) the Company shall pay to Steel Services a termination fee equal to 125 of the fees due under this Agreement, as calculated under Section 3, from, and including, such termination date until, and including, the 90th day following the date of such termination (iii) immediately upon the bankruptcy or dissolution of Steel Services, (iv) promptly by the Company upon a material breach of this Agreement (provided Steel Services shall be provided notice of the breach and be provided a reasonable opportunity to cure during a period of no less than 90 days) or (v) immediately by the Company for Cause (as reasonably determined by the Committee). For the purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean, with respect to the termination of this Agreement, fraud, gross negligence, criminal conduct or willful misconduct by Steel Services or any Designated Person, as applicable, or breach of fiduciary duty by any Designated Person, in connection with performing its or his or her respective duties hereunder, as reasonably determined by the Committee. 
 
 2.03. In the event this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 2.02 above, Steel Services shall cease to perform Services. If the termination of this Agreement takes effect on a day other than the end of a calendar month, monthly fees shall be prorated based on the number of days that Steel Services performed Services during such calendar month until termination. 
 
 2.04. Steel Services shall promptly upon termination (i) pay to the Company any money collected and held for the account of the Company pursuant to this Agreement, after deducting any accrued compensation and reimbursement for its expenses to which it is then entitled under Section 3 (ii) deliver to the Board all assets, books and records and documents of the Company then in the custody of Steel Services and (iii) cooperate with the Company to provide an orderly management transition, and the Company shall pay Steel Services reasonable fees and expenses in connection therewith. 
 
 Section 3. Payments to Steel Services 
 
 3.01. In consideration of the Services furnished by Steel Services, the Company shall pay to Steel Services a fixed monthly fee as set forth in Exhibit A in advance on the first day of each month, subject to equitable adjustment for any increased or decreased costs between fee periods, and which shall otherwise be adjusted upon agreement by the parties upon the amendment of Exhibit A pursuant to Section 1.04. 
 
 3.02. In addition to the fixed monthly fee provided for in Section 3.01 hereof, the Company shall promptly reimburse Steel Services and its representatives for all reasonable expenses incurred in providing the Services, regardless of when incurred, whether during the term hereof or in the future, including, but not limited to (i) any extraordinary or nonrecurring expenses, paid or incurred by Steel Services on behalf of or attributable to the Services provided to the Company during the term hereof or (ii) any expenses related to severance payments that are mutually agreed by the Committee and Steel Services. 
 
 Section 4. Representations and Warranties of Steel Services . 
 
 Steel Services hereby makes the following representations and warranties on which the Company has relied in making the delegation set forth in this Agreement 
 
 4.01. Steel Services is a Delaware corporation, duly organized, validly existing and in a good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and is duly qualified as a foreign company in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its business makes such qualification necessary, except where failure to be so qualified would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material effect on Steel Services. 
 
 4.02. Steel Services has all requisite power and Steel Services has authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement, and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of Steel Services. 
 
 4.03. This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Steel Services, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms. 

2 

4.04. The execution, delivery and performance by Steel Services or the Designated Persons of this Agreement does not violate any provision of the governing documents of Steel Services, (ii) violate any statue or regulation or any order, writ, judgment, or decree of any court, arbitrator or governmental authority applicable to Steel Services or any of its assets or the Designated Persons, or (iii) violate or constitute, with or without notice or lapse of time, a default under any contract, agreement or other undertaking to which Steel Services is a party. 
 
 Section 5. Agents. 
 
 5.01. Steel Services may delegate any or all the powers, rights and obligations under this Agreement and may appoint, employ, contract or otherwise deal with any person or entity (each, an Agent in respect of the performance of Services. Steel Services may assign to any such Agent approved by the Committee or such Authorized Person the right to receive any fee or reimbursement of expenses as Steel Services would be entitled to receive under this Agreement. 
 
 5.02. Steel Services shall supervise the activities of its Agents, and notwithstanding the designation of or delegation to any Agent, Steel Services shall remain obligated to the Company for the proper performance of Services provided, however, that Steel Services and the Company may enter into any agreement for indemnification pursuant to which an Agent may indemnify and hold harmless Steel Services and the Company, jointly and severally, from any liability to them arising by reason of the act or omission of such Agent. Nothing contained herein shall affect or otherwise limit the indemnification obligations of Steel Services to the Company as provided in Section 9. 
 
 Section 6. Records Access 
 
 6.01. Steel Services and its officers, employees and representatives, including the Designated Persons, in performance of Services, shall have access to all accounting books, ledgers, receipts, business information, employee information, research, organizational structure information, data, computer programs and budget figures of the Company and its subsidiaries and any other information of the Company and its subsidiaries related to the performance of Services by Steel Services, its officers, employees, and representatives, including the Designated Persons, whether or not considered material (the Information ), and the Company shall promptly make any such Information available to Steel Services upon its reasonable request. 
 
 6.02. Steel Services covenants that during the term of this Agreement it will notify the Company of any change in Steel Services business, financial condition, results of operations or status that would reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the provision of Services under this Agreement. 
 
 6.03. In the event the Agreement is terminated, Steel Services will transfer (at no cost to Steel Services) any and all physical and electronic records of the Company in a reasonable format specified by the Company and will make source codes owned or controlled by Steel Services available to the Company during a transition period of up to nine (9) months following the date of termination. 
 
 Section 7. Limitation on Activities 
 
 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, Steel Services and its personnel shall not take any action which, in their sole judgment made in good faith, would violate any law, rule, regulation or statement of policy of any governmental body or agency having jurisdiction over the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates, or otherwise not permitted by the Company s Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws, as each may be amended from time to time, or policies and procedures, except if such action shall be ordered in writing by the Committee following the affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Committee present at a properly called meeting of the Committee, in which case Steel Services or its personnel shall have no liability for acting in accordance with the specific instructions of the Company so given. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the officers, directors, members, employees, affiliates, consultants or agents of Steel Services shall not be liable to the Company or holders of its securities for any act or omission by Steel Services or any Designated Person, as applicable, taken or omitted to be taken in the performance of Services under this Agreement except as provided in Section 9 of this Agreement. 
 
 Section 8. Limitation on Liability 
 
 To the fullest extent permitted by law and as consistent with the Company s By-laws and Certificate of Incorporation, as each may be amended from time to time (the Company s Charter Documents ), Steel Services and its affiliates and its and their officers, directors, members, managers, employees, agents, consultants, successors and assigns shall not be liable to the Company, any affiliate thereof or any third party for any Claim (as defined in Section 9, below), unless that act or omission constitutes gross negligence or willful misconduct. Further, Steel Services shall reasonably rely on information provided to it about the Company, if any, that is provided by the Company or the Company s affiliates, employees or agents. In no event shall Steel Services be liable for any error or 
 
 3 

inaccuracy of any report, computation or other information or document produced in accordance with this Agreement, for whose accuracy the Company assumes all responsibility, unless resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Steel Services or Steel Services officers, directors, employees or agents. 
 
 Section 9. Indemnity and D&O Insurance 
 
 To the fullest extent permitted by law and as consistent with the Company s Charter Documents, the Company shall defend, indemnify, save and hold harmless Steel Services and its affiliates and its and their officers, directors, members, managers, employees, agents, consultants, successors and assigns (collectively, the Indemnitees against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs or expenses, including amounts paid in satisfaction of judgments, in compromises and settlements, as fines and penalties and legal or other costs and reasonable expenses of investigating or defending against any claim or alleged claim of any nature whatsoever resulting from the Indemnitees activities or services under this Agreement, including any activities or services rendered prior to the date hereof for the Company by the Indemnitees or any predecessor thereto (a Claim ), except to the extent directly caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Indemnitees. At the written request of Steel Services and or its representatives, the Company will advance to them the legal or other costs and reasonable expenses of investigating or defending against any Claim in advance of the final disposition of such Claim. To the fullest extent permitted by law and as consistent with the Company s Charter Documents, the Company s obligation to indemnify Steel Services hereunder shall extend to and inure to the benefit of the Indemnitees. The Company shall cause each Indemnitee to be covered by the Company s D&O insurance policy, if any, applicable to other officers and directors and shall provide a letter of indemnity to any of the Indemnitees upon their request. If Steel Services or any Indemnitee should reasonably determine its interests are or may be adverse to the interests of the Company, Steel Services or such Indemnitee may retain one counsel of its own choosing in connection with such claim or alleged claim or action, in which case the Company shall be liable, to the extent permitted under this Section 9, to Steel Services or such Indemnitee for any reasonable and documented legal, accounting or other directly related fees and expenses incurred by Steel Services or such Indemnitee in connection with its investigating or defending such claim or alleged claim or action. In addition, none of the Indemnitees shall be liable to the Company or any third party for any special, consequential or exemplary damages (including lost or anticipated revenues or profits relating to the same) arising from any claim relating to this Agreement or any of the services provided hereunder, whether such claim is based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence or strict liability) or otherwise, even if an authorized representative of Steel Services is advised of the possibility or likelihood of the same. 
 
 Section 10. Confidential Information 
 
 10.01. Steel Services shall not at any time during or following the termination or expiration for any reason of this Agreement, directly or indirectly, disclose, publish or divulge to any person (except where necessary in connection with the furnishing of the Services under this Agreement), appropriate or use, or cause or permit any other person to appropriate or use, any of the Company s inventions, discoveries, improvements, trade secrets, copyrights or other proprietary, secret or confidential information not then publicly available Confidential Information ). 
 
 10.02. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 10.01 above, Steel Services or the Designated Persons or their agents may disclose Confidential Information to Steel Services representatives or agents who (i) need to know such information to permit Steel Services and the Designated Persons to provide Services in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, (ii) are informed of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information and (iii) agree to maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information. 
 
 10.03. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 10.01 above, if Steel Services, the Designated Persons or any of Steel Services representatives are required to disclose any Confidential Information pursuant to applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, Steel Services shall promptly notify the Company in writing of any such requirement, if legally permissible, so that the Company may seek an appropriate protective order or other appropriate remedy or waive compliance with the provisions of this Agreement. Steel Services shall, and shall direct its representatives (including the Designated Persons) to, reasonably cooperate with the Company (at the Company s sole cost and expense) to obtain such a protective order or other remedy and if such order or other remedy is not obtained, or the Company waives compliance with the provisions of this Agreement, Steel Services, the Designated Persons or Steel Services representatives shall disclose only that portion of the Confidential Information which they are advised by counsel that they are legally required to so disclose and will use good faith efforts to obtain reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded the information so disclosed. 
 
 10.04. Steel Services and the Designated Persons acknowledge that (i) they are aware and that Steel Services representatives have been advised that (a) the Confidential Information may include material non-public information about Steel Connect and its subsidiaries and affiliates, and (b) the United States securities laws and securities law of other jurisdictions prohibit any person who has material non-public information about a company 
 
 4 

from purchasing or selling securities of such company on the basis of such information or from otherwise misappropriating such material non-public information in breach of fiduciary duty or other relationship of trust and confidence, (ii) Steel Services has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (iii) Steel Services, the Designated Persons and Steel Services representatives will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws. Steel Services and its personnel, and the Designated Persons, shall comply with the Company s and Steel Connect s policies regarding Confidential Information and insider trading. 
 
 Section 11. Non-Exclusive Arrangement Conflicts of Interest 
 
 11.01. The Company acknowledges that Steel Services and its Affiliated Companies (as defined below) have in the past and may from time to time in the future enter into agreements like this Agreement with other companies pursuant to which Steel Services may agree to provide services similar in nature to the Services being provided hereunder. The Company understands that the person or persons providing the Services hereunder may also provide similar or additional services to other companies, including as officers and directors of such companies. In addition, to the extent business opportunities arise, the Company acknowledges that Steel Services will be under no obligation to present such opportunity to the Company, and Steel Services may, in its sole discretion, present any such opportunity to whatever company it so chooses, or to none at all provided, however, nothing contained herein shall affect or otherwise limit the fiduciary obligations of the officers and directors of the Company. 
 
 11.02. The Company, Steel Services and their respective Affiliated Companies (as defined below) recognize and acknowledge that as a result of Steel Services providing the Services pursuant to this Agreement the potential for conflicts of interest exist between and or among Steel Services, Affiliated Companies of Steel Services, and the Company and the respective officers and directors of Steel Services and the Company, including but not limited to (i) that an Affiliated Company of Steel Services may be a majority or significant stockholder of the Company, (ii) that directors, officers, members and or employees of Steel Services or of Affiliated Companies of Steel Services may serve as directors and or officers of the Company, (iii) that Steel Services and Affiliated Companies thereof may engage and are expected to continue to engage in the same, similar or related lines of business as those in which the Company, directly or indirectly, may engage and or other business activities that overlap with or compete with those in which the Company, directly or indirectly, may engage, (iv) that Steel Services and Affiliated Companies thereof may have an interest in the same areas of corporate opportunity as the Company and Affiliated Companies thereof, and (v) that Steel Services and Affiliated Companies thereof may engage in material business transactions with the Company and Affiliated Companies thereof, including (without limitation) providing the Services to or being a significant supplier of the Company and Affiliated Companies thereof. If a dispute arises from or relates to any such conflict of interest, and if the dispute cannot be settled through direct discussions, the parties agree that any unresolved dispute shall be settled by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association in accordance with its Commercial Arbitration Rules and the decision rendered by a single arbitrator shall be binding on the parties . 
 
 11.03. For purposes of this Agreement, Affiliated Companies shall mean in respect of Steel Services any entity which is controlled by Steel Services, controls Steel Services or is under common control with Steel Services (other than the Company and any entity that is controlled by the Company) and in respect of the Company shall mean any entity which is controlled by the Company, controls the Company or is under common control with the Company (other than Steel Services and any entity that is controlled by Steel Services). 
 
 11.04. The Company represents and warrants that all requisite approvals under the Company s corporate governance documents necessary for the approval of this Agreement have been obtained. 
 
 Section 12. Independence 
 
 12.01. Except as specifically provided herein, none of the parties shall act or represent or hold itself out as having authority to act as an agent or partner of any other party, or in any way bind or commit any other party to any obligations. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as creating a partnership, joint venture, agency, trust or other association of any kind, each party being individually responsible for its obligations set forth in this Agreement. Steel Services or its officers, employees and representatives shall not have the authority to act for, bind, or otherwise commit the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, and neither Steel Services nor any of its officers, employees or representatives shall hold itself or themselves out as having any such authority, except (i) the Designated Persons authority to act in their respective capacities provided hereunder and perform his or her duties in such capacity, and (ii) to the extent that such authority has been specifically granted to Steel Services or any of its officers, employees and representatives by the Committee or such Authorized Person. 
 
 12.02. Neither party shall be responsible for the compensation, the withholding of taxes, workers compensation, employee benefits or any other employer liability for the employees and agents of the other party. For the avoidance of doubt, no Designated Person shall be entitled to receive compensation from the Company for the 
 
 5 

services provided in the respective capacities hereunder unless approved by the Board or the Committee. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the parties acknowledge and agree that Steel Services is an independent contractor and that none of Steel Services or the Designated Persons is an employee of the Company. Steel Services or an Affiliated Company of Steel Services shall timely withhold and pay all taxes and file all reports required by applicable law to be withheld, paid and filed for the Designated Persons. 
 
 Section 13. General 
 
 13.01. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior representations and agreements, whether oral or written, and cannot be modified, changed, waived or terminated except by a writing signed by both of the parties hereto. No course of conduct or trade custom or usage shall in any way be used to explain, modify, amend or otherwise construe this Agreement. 
 
 13.02. All notices, requests, demands and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if personally delivered, sent by nationally recognized overnight carrier, one day after being sent, or mailed by first class registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, five days after being sent, in any such case to the address of the respective party appearing in the Preamble hereto. 
 
 13.03. This Agreement shall be construed under the laws of the State of New York and the parties hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction of any federal or state court located therein, and agree that jurisdiction shall rest exclusively therein, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws. 
 
 13.04. This Agreement may not be assigned by any party without the prior written consent of the other parties to this Agreement provided, however, Steel Services may assign this Agreement to one of its Affiliated Companies. 
 
 13.05. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. A signed copy of this Agreement delivered by facsimile, e-mail or other means of electronic transmission is deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Agreement. 
 
 13.06. Sections 3.02, 8, 9 and 10 shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement. 

6 

The parties have duly executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

STEEL SERVICES LTD. 
 
 s Ryan O Herrin 
 By Ryan O Herrin 
 Title CFO 

MODUSLINK CORPORATION 
 
 s Ryan O Herrin 
 By Ryan O Herrin 
 Title Chief Financial Officer 

7 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 The Services shall include providing the non-exclusive services of a person or people to serve in the following position or functions, and perform duties normally associated with that specific or substantially equivalent position or function for the Company 
 
 LEGAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH & SAFETY General Counsel services 
 Board meetings and board structure 
 Financial transactions 
 Mergers and acquisitions 
 Contract review 
 Litigation management 
 Labor and employment 
 All other legal (intellectual property, etc.) 
 Compliance and risk management 
 Environmental, health and safety compliance 
 FINANCE, TAX, TREASURY AND RISK CFO services to direct external reporting 
 Financing evaluation and transactional support 
 Bank account rationalization and fee negotiations 
 Treasury workstation and credit card procurement card evaluation 
 Insurance renewals 
 General tax services 
 HUMAN RESOURCES General HR services 
 Retention, recruitment, compensation benchmarking and standardization 
 Wellness programs 
 LEAN SBS Lean leadership training 
 Kaizen event facilitation 
 Strategy deployment 
 Solution selling 
 Joint purchasing participation 
 INTERNAL AUDIT Support SOA implementation 
 Ongoing SOA testing and control deficiency remediation 
 Third party resource coordination 
 Audit software implementation and deployment 

8 

MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS Target sourcing and identification 
 Strategy and execution for sell-side process 
 Valuation analysis and deal structuring 
 End-to-end due diligence support and deal execution 
 INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY Security and audit 
 Systems administration 
 Licensing, procurement and hardware standards 

The monthly fee for providing the Services shall be 80,000, paid in advance on the first day of the month. 
 
 DESIGNATED KEY PERSONS 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 General Counsel 
 Head of Lean Leadership 
 Head of Internal Audit Function 

9 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-21>
 4
 stcn-20230731xexx21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

SUBSIDIARIES OF STEEL CONNECT, INC. Name Jurisdiction of Organization CMG Securities Corporation Massachusetts CMG Ventures, Inc. Delaware CMG Ventures Capital Corp. Delaware CMG Ventures Securities Corp. Delaware ModusLink PTS, Inc. Delaware ModusLink Recovery LLC Delaware ModusLink Securities Corporation Delaware Steel Connect Sub LLC Delaware ModusLink Thailand LLC Delaware ModusLink Corporation Delaware ModusLink (Thailand) Company Limited Thailand SalesLink LLC Delaware ModusLink Services Pte. Ltd. Singapore ModusLink Mexico S.A. de C.V. Mexico Sol Holdings, Inc. Delaware Sol Services Corporation, S.A. de C.V. Mexico SalesLink Mexico Holding Corp. Delaware Saleslink Servicos, S. De R.L. de C.V Mexico ModusLink B.V. Netherlands ModusLink Czech Republic s.r.o. Czech Republic Modus Media International Documentation Services (Ireland) Limited Delaware Modus Media International Leinster Unlimited British Virgin Islands Modus Media International (Ireland) Limited Delaware Modus Media International Ireland (Holdings) Limited Ireland ModusLink Kildare Limited Ireland ModusLink Services Europe Unlimited Company Ireland SalesLink Solutions International Ireland Limited Ireland ModusLink Company Limited New Zealand ModusLink Australia Pty Limited Australia ModusLink Japan KK Japan ModusLink Pte. Ltd. Singapore ModusLink Computer Software (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd. China ModusLink (Pudong) Co., Ltd. China ModusLink Electronic Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. China ModusLink (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. China ModusLink Electronic Technology (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd. China ModusLink (Kunshan) Co. Ltd. China ModusLink (China) Co. Ltd. China 
 1 

Moduslink (Waigaoqiao) Co. Ltd. China ModusLink (Hong Kong) Pte. Ltd. Hong Kong ModusLink Software Technology (Chongqing) Co., Ltd. China ModusLink (M) Sdn. Bhd Malaysia Open Channel Solutions Pty Limited Australia 
 
 2 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 stcn-20230731xexx231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Steel Connect, Inc. 
 New York, New York 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-171285) of Steel Connect, Inc. of our report dated November 8, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements which appears in the Annual Report to Shareholders on Form 10-K. 
 
 s BDO USA, P.C. 
 New York, NY 
 
 November 8, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 stcn-20230731xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Warren G. Lichtenstein, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Steel Connect, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 8, 2023 
 By S WARREN G. LICHTENSTEIN Warren G. Lichtenstein Interim Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 stcn-20230731xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ryan O'Herrin, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Steel Connect, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 8, 2023 
 By S RYAN O'HERRIN 
 Ryan O'Herrin Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 stcn-20230731xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Steel Connect, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Warren G. Lichtenstein, the Interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 8, 2023 
 By S WARREN G. LICHTENSTEIN Warren G. Lichtenstein Interim Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 stcn-20230731xexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Steel Connect, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Ryan O'Herrin, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 8, 2023 
 By S RYAN O'HERRIN 
 Ryan O'Herrin Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 10
 stcn-20230731xexx971.htm
 EX-97.1

Document 

STEEL CONNECT, INC. 
 POLICY FOR THE 
 RECOVERY OF ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED COMPENSATION 

A. OVERVIEW 
 In accordance with the applicable rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market (the Nasdaq Rules ), Section 10D and Rule 10D-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ( Rule 10D-1 ), the Board of Directors (the Board of Steel Connect, Inc. (the Company has adopted this Policy (the Policy to provide for the recovery of erroneously awarded Incentive-based Compensation from Executive Officers. All capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in Section H, below. 
 B. RECOVERY OF ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED COMPENSATION 
 (1) In the event of an Accounting Restatement, the Company will reasonably promptly recover the Erroneously Awarded Compensation Received in accordance with Nasdaq Rules and Rule 10D-1 as follows 
 (i) After an Accounting Restatement, the Organization and Compensation Committee (if composed entirely of independent directors, or in the absence of such a committee, a majority of independent directors serving on the Board) (the Committee shall determine the amount of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation Received by each Executive Officer and shall promptly notify each Executive Officer with a written notice containing the amount of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation and a demand for repayment or return of such compensation, as applicable. 
 
 (a) For Incentive-based Compensation based on (or derived from) the Company s stock price or total shareholder return, where the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in the applicable Accounting Restatement 
 i. The amount to be repaid or returned shall be determined by the Committee based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the Company s stock price or total shareholder return upon which the Incentive-based Compensation was Received and 
 ii. The Company shall maintain documentation of the determination of such reasonable estimate and provide the relevant documentation as required to the Nasdaq. 
 
 (ii) The Committee shall have discretion to determine the appropriate means of recovering Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on the particular facts and circumstances. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as set forth in Section B(2) below, in no event may the Company accept an amount that is less than the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation in satisfaction of an Executive Officer s obligations hereunder. 
 
 (iii) To the extent that the Executive Officer has already reimbursed the Company for any Erroneously Awarded Compensation Received under any duplicative recovery obligations established by the Company or applicable law, it shall be appropriate for any such reimbursed amount to be credited to the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation that is subject to recovery under this Policy. 
 
 (iv) To the extent that an Executive Officer fails to repay all Erroneously Awarded Compensation to the Company when due, the Company shall take all actions reasonable and appropriate to recover such Erroneously Awarded Compensation from the applicable Executive Officer. The applicable Executive Officer shall be required to reimburse the Company for any and all expenses reasonably incurred (including legal 
 1 

fees) by the Company in recovering such Erroneously Awarded Compensation in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence. 
 (2) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall not be required to take the actions contemplated by Section B(1) above if the Committee (which, as specified above, is composed entirely of independent directors or in the absence of such a committee, a majority of the independent directors serving on the Board) determines that recovery would be impracticable and any of the following two conditions are met 
 (i) The Committee has determined that the direct expenses paid to a third party to assist in enforcing the Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered. Before making this determination, the Company must make a reasonable attempt to recover the Erroneously Awarded Compensation, documented such attempt(s) and provided such documentation to the Nasdaq or 
 (ii) Recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of Section 401(a)(13) or Section 411(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
 C. DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS 
 The Company shall file all disclosures with respect to this Policy required by applicable U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings and rules. 
 D. PROHIBITION OF INDEMNIFICATION 
 The Company shall not be permitted to insure or indemnify any Executive Officer against (i) the loss of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation that is repaid, returned or recovered pursuant to the terms of this Policy, or (ii) any claims relating to the Company s enforcement of its rights under this Policy. Further, the Company shall not enter into any agreement that exempts any Incentive-based Compensation that is granted, paid or awarded to an Executive Officer from the application of this Policy or that waives the Company s right to recovery of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation, and this Policy shall supersede any such agreement (whether entered into before, on or after the Effective Date of this Policy). 
 E. ADMINISTRATION AND INTERPRETATION 
 This Policy shall be administered by the Committee, and any determinations made by the Committee shall be final and binding on all affected individuals. 
 The Committee is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate, or advisable for the administration of this Policy and for the Company s compliance with Nasdaq Rules, Section 10D, Rule 10D-1 and any other applicable law, regulation, rule or interpretation of the SEC or Nasdaq promulgated or issued in connection therewith. 
 F. AMENDMENT TERMINATION 
 The Committee may amend this Policy from time to time in its discretion and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary. Notwithstanding anything in this Section F to the contrary, no amendment or termination of this Policy shall be effective if such amendment or termination would (after taking into account any actions taken by the Company contemporaneously with such amendment or termination) cause the Company to violate any federal securities laws, SEC rule or Nasdaq rule. 
 G. OTHER RECOVERY RIGHTS 
 This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Executive Officers and, to the extent required by applicable law or guidance from the SEC or Nasdaq, their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. The Committee intends that this Policy will be applied to the fullest extent required by applicable law. Any employment agreement, equity award agreement, 
 2 

compensatory plan or any other agreement or arrangement with an Executive Officer shall be deemed to include, as a condition to the grant of any benefit thereunder, an agreement by the Executive Officer to abide by the terms of this Policy. Any right of recovery under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recovery that may be available to the Company under applicable law, regulation or rule or pursuant to the terms of any policy of the Company or any provision in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, compensatory plan, agreement or other arrangement. 
 H. DEFINITIONS 
 For purposes of this Policy, the following capitalized terms shall have the meanings set forth below. 
 (1) Accounting Restatement means an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements (a Big R restatement), or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (a little r restatement). 
 (2) Clawback Eligible Incentive Compensation means all Incentive-based Compensation Received by an Executive Officer (i) on or after the effective date of the applicable Nasdaq rules, (ii) after beginning service as an Executive Officer, (iii) who served as an Executive Officer at any time during the applicable performance period relating to any Incentive-based Compensation (whether or not such Executive Officer is serving at the time the Erroneously Awarded Compensation is required to be repaid to the Company), (iv) while the Company has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national securities association, and (v) during the applicable Clawback Period (as defined below). 
 (3) Clawback Period means, with respect to any Accounting Restatement, the three completed fiscal years of the Company immediately preceding the Restatement Date (as defined below), and if the Company changes its fiscal year, any transition period of less than nine months within or immediately following those three completed fiscal years. 
 (4) Erroneously Awarded Compensation means, with respect to each Executive Officer in connection with an Accounting Restatement, the amount of Clawback Eligible Incentive Compensation that exceeds the amount of Incentive-based Compensation that otherwise would have been Received had it been determined based on the restated amounts, computed without regard to any taxes paid. 
 (5) Executive Officer means each individual who is currently or was previously designated as an officer of the Company as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act. For the avoidance of doubt, the identification of an executive officer for purposes of this Policy shall include each executive officer who is or was identified pursuant to Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K, as well as the principal financial officer and principal accounting officer (or, if there is no principal accounting officer, the controller). 
 (6) Financial Reporting Measures means measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and all other measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures. Stock price and total shareholder return (and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from stock price or total shareholder return) shall, for purposes of this Policy, be considered Financial Reporting Measures. For the avoidance of doubt, a Financial Reporting Measure need not be presented in the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the SEC. 
 (7) Incentive-based Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure. 
 (8) Nasdaq means The Nasdaq Stock Market. 
 (9) Received means, with respect to any Incentive-based Compensation, actual or deemed receipt, and Incentive-based Compensation shall be deemed received in the Company s fiscal period during which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in the Incentive-based Compensation award is attained, even if the payment or grant of the Incentive-based Compensation to the Executive Officer occurs after the end of that period. 
 3 

(10) Restatement Date means the earlier to occur of (i) the date the Board, a committee of the Board or the officers of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement, or (ii) the date a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare an Accounting Restatement. 
 Effective as of DATE . 
 4 

Exhibit A 
 ATTESTATION AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF POLICY FOR THE RECOVERY OF ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED COMPENSATION 
 
 By my signature below, I acknowledge and agree that 
 
 I have received and read the attached Policy for the Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation (this Policy ). 
 I hereby agree to abide by all of the terms of this Policy both during and after my employment with the Company, including, without limitation, by promptly repaying or returning any Erroneously Awarded Compensation to the Company as determined in accordance with this Policy. 
 Signature 
 Printed Name 
 Date 

2 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 stcn-20230731.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 stcn-20230731_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 stcn-20230731_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 stcn-20230731_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 stcn-20230731_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

