<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231108_10-K_edgar_data_928465_0001558370-23-018285.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9726302</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>368289</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1463337</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3367218</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1636062</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2631334</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-018285.hdr.sgml : 20231108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231108162039
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-018285
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMCON DISTRIBUTING CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000928465
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-GROCERIES & GENERAL LINE [5141]
		IRS NUMBER:				470702918
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15589
		FILM NUMBER:		231388197

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7405 IRVINGTON ROAD
		STREET 2:		POST OFFICE BOX 641940 (68164-7940)
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68122
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4023313727

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7405 IRVINGTON ROAD
		STREET 2:		POST OFFICE BOX 641940 (68164-7940)
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68122

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-018285.txt : 20231108

10-K
 1
 dit-20230930x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ________ to _________ Commission File Number 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None (Title of Class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 of 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data file required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on March 31, 2023 was computed by reference to the 167.00 closing price of such common stock equity on March 31, 2023. As of November 6, 2023, there were shares of common stock outstanding. Portions of the following document are incorporated by reference into the indicated parts of this report: definitive proxy statement for the January 2024 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A Part III. 

Table of Contents 
 AMCON DISTRIBUTING COMPANY Table of Contents 

Page PART I Item 1. Business 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors 7 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 17 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 17 Item 2. Properties 17 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 17 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 17 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 18 Item 6. [Reserved] 19 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 20 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 31 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 32 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 58 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 58 Item 9B. Other Information 59 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 61 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 62 Item 11. Executive Compensation 62 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 62 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 62 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 62 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 63 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 65 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 PART I For purposes of this report, unless the context indicates otherwise, all references to we, us, our, Company, and AMCON shall mean AMCON Distributing Company and its subsidiaries. The Company s 2023 and 2022 fiscal years ended September 30, are herein referred to as fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. The fiscal year-end balance sheet dates of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022 are referred to herein as September 2023 and September 2022, respectively. This report and the documents incorporated by reference herein, if any, contain forward-looking statements, which are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties. See Forward-Looking Statements under Item 7 of this report. ITEM 1. BUSINES S COMPANY OVERVIEW AMCON Distributing Company was incorporated in Delaware in 1986 and our common stock is listed on NYSE American under the symbol DIT. The Company operates two business segments: Our wholesale distribution segment Wholesale Segment distributes consumer products and provides a full range of programs and services to our customers that are focused on helping them manage their business and increase their profitability. We serve customers in 31 states and primarily operate in the Central, Rocky Mountain, Mid-South and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States. Our retail health food segment Retail Segment operates 17 health food retail stores located throughout the Midwest and Florida. WHOLESALE SEGMENT Our Wholesale Segment is one of the largest wholesale distributors in the United States serving approximately 7,000 retail outlets including convenience stores, grocery stores, liquor stores, drug stores, and tobacco shops. We currently distribute over 20,000 different consumer products, including cigarettes and tobacco products, candy and other confectionery products, beverages, groceries, paper products, health and beauty care products, frozen and refrigerated products and institutional foodservice products. Convenience stores represent our largest customer category. In December 2022, Convenience Store News ranked us as the sixth (6th) largest convenience store distributor in the United States based on annual sales. Our Wholesale Segment offers retailers the ability to take advantage of manufacturer- and Company-sponsored sales and marketing programs, merchandising and product category management services, and the use of information systems and data services that are focused on minimizing retailers investment in inventory, while seeking to maximize their sales and profits. In addition, our wholesale distributing capabilities provide valuable services to both manufacturers of consumer products and convenience retailers. Manufacturers benefit from our broad retail coverage, inventory management, efficiency in processing small orders, and frequency of deliveries. Convenience retailers benefit from our distribution capabilities by gaining access to a broad product line, inventory optimization and merchandising expertise, information systems, and accessing trade credit. Our Wholesale Segment operates nine distribution centers located in Illinois, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Tennessee and West Virginia. These distribution centers, combined with cross-dock facilities, include approximately 1.3 million square feet of permanent floor space. Our principal suppliers include Altria, RJ Reynolds, ITG Brands, Hershey, Kellogg s, Kraft Heinz, and Mars Wrigley. We also market private label lines of water, candy products, batteries, and other products. We do not maintain any long-term purchase contracts with our suppliers. On February 3, 2023, we closed on our acquisition of Henry s Foods, Inc. Henry s ), purchasing substantially all of Henry s operating assets for approximately 54.9 million in cash. Henry s is a wholesale distributor to convenience stores and other retail formats operating in Minnesota, North Dakota, South Dakota, Iowa, and Wisconsin. The acquisition 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 complemented our Wholesale Segment by expanding our footprint, increasing our product offerings in the foodservice space and bringing our customer-centric service approach to a broader customer base. RETAIL SEGMENT Our Retail Segment, through our Healthy Edge Retail Group subsidiary, is a specialty retailer of natural/organic groceries and dietary supplements which focuses on providing high quality products at affordable prices, with an exceptional level of customer service and nutritional consultation. All of the products carried in our stores must meet strict quality and ingredient guidelines, and include offerings such as gluten-free and antibiotic-free grocery and meat products, as well as products containing no artificial colors, flavors, preservatives, or partially hydrogenated oils. We design our retail sites in an efficient and flexible small-store format, which emphasizes a high energy and shopper-friendly environment. We operate within the natural products retail industry, which is a subset of the United States grocery industry. This industry includes conventional, natural, gourmet and specialty food markets, mass and discount retailers, warehouse clubs, health food stores, dietary supplement retailers, drug stores, farmers markets, mail order and online retailers, and multi-level marketers. Our Retail Segment operates 17 retail health food stores as Chamberlin s Natural Foods, Akin s Natural Foods, and Earth Origins Market. These stores carry over 36,000 different national and regionally branded and private label products including high-quality natural, organic, and specialty foods consisting of produce, baked goods, frozen foods, nutritional supplements, personal care items, and general merchandise. COMPETITIVE STRENGTHS We believe that we benefit from a number of competitive strengths, including the following: Industry Experience The management teams for both of our business segments include substantial depth in the areas of finance, information technology, business development, retail store support, logistics, sales, and marketing. This experience is beneficial for the management of vendor and customer relationships as well as overall operational execution. Flexible Distribution Capabilities and Customer Service Programs Wholesale distributors typically provide convenience store retailers access to a broad product line, the ability to place small quantity orders, inventory management, and access to trade credit. As a large, full-service wholesale distributor, we offer retailers a wide array of manufacturer- and Company-sponsored sales and marketing programs, merchandising and product category management services, and the use of information systems that are focused on minimizing retailers investment in inventory, while seeking to maximize their sales and profit. The wholesale distribution industry is highly fragmented and historically has consisted of a small number of large, full service wholesale distributors serving multiple geographic regions and a large number of small, privately-owned businesses. Relative to smaller competitors, large distributors such as our Company benefit from several competitive advantages including: increased purchasing power, the ability to service large chain accounts, economies of scale in sales and operations, and the resources to invest in information technology and other productivity-enhancing technologies. Broad Product Selection Our retail health foods business prides itself in carrying a broad and superior-quality selection of organic and natural food products and vitamin supplements. The breadth of our product offerings, combined with highly trained and knowledgeable in-store associates, has created a loyal customer following where our stores are sought out destinations, providing a personalized shopping experience. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 BUSINESS STRATEGY Our business strategy focuses on short, medium, and long-term objectives designed to create shareholder value. Our strategic objectives are: Maximizing liquidity and generating cash flow from operations in the short term. Developing new customer-focused technology applications, expanding our foodservice platform, and investing in our infrastructure in the medium term. Growing both organically and through acquisitions, and expanding our geographic footprint in the long term. 
 To execute this strategy, our Company has rigorous operational processes in place designed to control costs, manage credit risk, monitor inventory levels, and maintain maximum liquidity. The success of our strategy, however, is ultimately dependent on our ability to provide superior service, develop leading edge technologies, and maintain an exceptional array of product offerings. PRINCIPAL PRODUCTS The sales of cigarettes represented approximately 62 and 66 of our consolidated revenue in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. Sales of candy, beverages, foodservice, groceries, health food products, paper products, health and beauty care products, and tobacco products represented approximately 38 and 34 of our consolidated revenue in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. INFORMATION ON SEGMENTS Information about our segments is presented in Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report. COMPETITION Wholesale Segment Our Wholesale Segment has a significant presence in the regions in which we operate. There are, however, a number of both national and regional wholesale distributors operating in the same geographical regions as our Company, resulting in a highly competitive marketplace. Our principal competitors are national wholesalers such as McLane Co., Inc. (Temple, Texas) and Performance Food Group (Richmond, Virginia), as well as regional wholesalers such as H.T. Hackney Company (Knoxville, Tennessee) and Imperial Super Regional Distributors (Elmwood, Louisiana) along with a host of smaller grocery and tobacco wholesalers. We also face competition from Amazon which pursues a vertical, multi-channel sales strategy targeting both retail consumers and business level customers. Competition within the wholesale distribution industry is primarily based on the range and quality of the services provided, pricing, variety of products offered, and the reliability of deliveries. Our larger competitors principally compete on pricing and breadth of product offerings, while our smaller competitors focus on customer service and their delivery arrangements. We believe our business model positions us to compete with a wide range of competitors including national, regional, and local wholesalers. As the sixth (6th) largest convenience store distributor in the United States based on annual sales (according to Convenience Store News), our wholesale distribution business has sufficient economies of scale to offer competitive pricing as compared to national wholesalers. Additionally, we believe our flexible distribution and support model allows us to provide a high level of service and customized merchandising solutions. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 COMPETITION Retail Segment Natural food and supplement retailing is an intensely competitive business. We face competition from a variety of sales channels including local, regional, and national retailers, specialty supermarkets, membership clubs, farmers markets, other natural foods stores, and internet and/or digital direct-to-consumer retailers, each of which competes with us on the basis of product selection, quality, customer service, and price. The natural food retail industry is highly fragmented. According to The Natural Foods Merchandiser NFM ), there are approximately 9,800 natural food retail stores operating independently or as part of small retail chains and approximately 21,000 stores when national chains are included. These competitors include companies such as Whole Foods Market, Sprouts Farmers Market, Natural Grocers, General Nutrition Centers and Vitamin Shoppe. We also face competition from Amazon TM and other online competitors which continue to pursue vertical, multi-channel sales strategies targeting both retail consumers and business level customers. We also compete with specialty supermarkets, other independent natural foods store chains, small specialty stores, and restaurants. In recent years, conventional supermarkets and mass market outlets such as Kroger, Albertsons, Walmart, Publix, Aldi, Trader Joe s and Costco have significantly increased their offerings of organic and natural products adding another layer of competition. SEASONALITY Sales in the wholesale distribution industry are somewhat seasonal and tend to be higher in warm weather months during which our convenience store customers experience increased customer traffic. The warm weather months generally fall within the Company s third and fourth fiscal quarters. Our retail health food business does not generally experience significant seasonal fluctuations in its business. GOVERNMENT REGULATION AMCON is subject to regulation by federal, state and local governmental agencies, including but not limited to the U.S. Department of Agriculture USDA ), the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ), the Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA ), the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms ATF and the U.S. Department of Transportation DOT ). These regulatory agencies generally impose standards for product quality and sanitation, workplace safety, and security and distribution policies. The Company operates in 31 states and is subject to state regulations related to the distribution and sale of cigarettes and tobacco products, generally in the form of licensing and bonding requirements. Additionally, both state and federal regulatory agencies have the ability to impose excise taxes on cigarette and tobacco products. In recent years, a number of states have increased the excise taxes levied on cigarettes and tobacco products. We expect this trend to continue as legislators look for alternatives to fund budget shortfalls and as a mechanism to discourage tobacco product use. ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS All of AMCON s facilities and operations are subject to state and federal environmental regulations. The Company believes it is in compliance with all such regulations and is not aware of any violations that could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations. Further, the Company has not been notified by any governmental authority of any potential liability or other claim in connection with any of its properties. The costs and effect on the Company to comply with state and federal environmental regulations were not significant during either fiscal 2023 or fiscal 2022. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 EMPLOYEES At September 2023, the Company had 1,276 full-time and 200 part-time employees, which together serve in the following areas: 

Managerial 78 Administrative 146 Delivery 290 Sales Marketing 426 Warehouse 536 Total Employees 1,476 Approximately thirty of our wholesale delivery employees in our Quincy, Illinois distribution center are represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers IAMAW ). A new labor agreement has been ratified by the IAMAW through November 2026. We expect this agreement to be executed during the Company s first quarter of fiscal 2024. CORPORATE AND AVAILABLE INFORMATION The Company s principal executive offices are located at 7405 Irvington Road, Omaha, Nebraska 68122. The telephone number at that address is 402-331-3727 and our website address is www.amcon.com. We provide free access to the various reports we file with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC through our website. These reports include, but are not limited to, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Please note that any internet addresses provided in this report are for information purposes only and are not intended to be hyperlinks. Accordingly, no information found and/or provided at such internet addresses is intended or deemed to be incorporated by reference herein. The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov which contains reports, proxies and other company information. ITEM 1A. RIS K FACTORS IN GENERAL You should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision concerning our securities. If any of the following risks actually materialize, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline substantially. This Annual Report also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including the risks described below and elsewhere in this Annual Report. See Forward-Looking Statements under Item 7 of this report for a discussion of forward-looking statements. RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE WHOLESALE BUSINESS Regulation of Cigarette, Tobacco and Tobacco-Related Products by the FDA May Negatively Impact Our Operations. 
 In 2009, the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act was signed into law, which granted the FDA the authority to regulate the production, distribution, and marketing of tobacco products in the United States. Specifically, the legislation established an FDA office to regulate changes to nicotine yields, chemicals, flavors, ingredients, and the labeling used to produce and market tobacco products. The FDA office is financed through user fees paid by tobacco companies, which is passed on to wholesale distributors and end consumers in the form of higher costs. To date, most of the regulatory and compliance burden related to this legislation has fallen upon product manufacturers. However, if the FDA were to impose new regulations impacting wholesale distributors that we are not able to comply 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 with, we could face remedial actions such as fines, suspension of product distribution rights, and/or termination of operations. Further, if the FDA were to issue product bans or product restrictions on cigarettes, tobacco or other nicotine delivery devices, our future revenue stream could materially decrease. If any of these items were to occur, our results from operations, cash flow, business, and overall financial condition could be negatively impacted. The Regulation of Vaping Products May Negatively Impact Our Results of Operations. 
 The regulation of vaping product categories by federal, state, and local governmental agencies, as well as potential litigation against product manufacturers and/or entities which distribute or sell such products, may negatively impact our sales, costs, results of operations, and cash flows should the current regulatory environment persist or expand, or if related litigation should arise. Our Sales Volume Is Largely Dependent upon the Distribution of Cigarette Products, Which is a Declining Sales Category. 
 The distribution of cigarettes represents a significant portion of our business. During fiscal 2023, approximately 62 of our consolidated revenues came from the distribution of cigarettes, which generated approximately 19 of our consolidated gross profit. Due to manufacturer price increases, restrictions on advertising and promotions, regulation, higher excise and other taxes, health concerns, smoking bans, and other factors, the demand for cigarettes may continue to decline. If this occurs, our results from operations, cash flow, business, and overall financial condition could be negatively impacted. Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products Are Subject to Substantial Excise Taxes and If These Taxes Are Increased, Our Sales of Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products Could Decline. 
 Cigarette and tobacco products (including vaping products) are subject to substantial excise taxes and future legislation could significantly increase such taxes. Significant increases in cigarette and tobacco-related taxes and fees have been imposed by city, state, and federal governments in recent years. Further, the evolving regulatory responsibilities of the FDA are being funded by fees imposed on tobacco companies. These fees have been passed on to wholesale distributors and end consumers in the form of higher prices for cigarette and tobacco products. Increases in excise taxes and other tobacco-related taxes and fees imposed by the FDA and other governmental authorities may reduce the long-term demand for cigarette and tobacco products and/or result in a sales shift from higher margin premium cigarette and tobacco products to lower margin deep-discount brands, while at the same time increasing the Company s accounts receivable risk and inventory carrying costs. If any of these events were to occur, our results from operations, cash flow, liquidity position, and overall financial condition could be negatively impacted. Divestiture and Consolidation Trends Within the Convenience Store Industry May Negatively Impact Our Operations. 
 Divestitures and consolidations within the convenience store industry reflect trends that may result in customer attrition if the acquiring entity is served by another wholesale distributor and we are unable to retain the business. If we were to lose a substantial volume of business because of these trends, our results from operations, cash flow, business, and overall financial condition could be negatively impacted. Volatility in Fuel Prices Could Reduce Profit Margins and May Have an Adverse Effect on Our Business. 
 Increases or decreases in fuel prices impact our profit margins. Inflation can also impact fuel prices. If we are not able to meaningfully pass on these costs to customers, it could adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 The Wholesale Distribution of Convenience Store Products Is Significantly Affected by Pricing Decisions and Promotional Programs Offered by Manufacturers and State Taxing Authorities. 
 We are subject to changes in pricing strategies utilized by manufacturers of the products we distribute. We also receive payments from these manufacturers including allowances, discounts, volume rebates, and other merchandising incentives in connection with various incentive programs. In addition, we receive discounts from states in connection with the purchase of excise stamps for cigarettes. If the pricing strategies of the manufacturers change or the manufacturers or states change or discontinue these promotional programs or we are unable to maintain the volume of our sales, our results of operations, business, cash flow, and financial condition could be negatively affected. There are no assurances that the manufacturers or states will maintain these promotional programs. Competition Within The Wholesale Distribution Industry May Have an Adverse Effect on Our Business. 
 The wholesale distribution industry is highly competitive. There are many distribution companies operating in the same geographical regions as our Company. Our Company s principal competitors are national and regional wholesalers, along with a host of smaller grocery and tobacco wholesalers. We also face competition from Whole Foods Market and/or its parent company Amazon , which pose a threat to the supply chains of food and grocery retailers as well as convenience stores served by wholesale distribution companies as they continue to pursue a vertical, multi-channel sales strategy whereby both retail consumers and business level customers are targeted. Most of these competitors generally offer a wide range of products at prices comparable to those offered by our Company. Some of our competitors have substantial financial resources and long-standing customer relationships. This competition may reduce our margins and/or cause a loss in market share, adversely impacting our results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition. We Occasionally Purchase Cigarettes From Manufacturers Not Covered by The Tobacco Industry s Master Settlement Agreement MSA ), Which May Expose Us to Certain Potential Liabilities and Financial Risks for Which We Are Not Indemnified. 
 In 1994, the Mississippi attorney general brought an action against various tobacco industry members on behalf of the state to recover state funds paid for health-care costs related to tobacco use. Subsequently, most other states sued the major U.S. cigarette manufacturers based on similar theories. The cigarette manufacturer defendants settled the first four of these cases with Mississippi, Florida, Texas and Minnesota by separate agreements. These states are referred to as non-MSA states. In November 1998, the major U.S. tobacco product manufacturers entered into the MSA with the remaining 46 states, the District of Columbia and certain U.S. territories. The MSA and the other state settlement agreements settled health-care cost recovery actions and monetary claims relating to future conduct arising out of the use of, or exposure to, tobacco products, imposed a stream of future payment obligations on major U.S. cigarette manufacturers and placed significant restrictions on the ability to market and sell cigarettes. The payments required under the MSA resulted in the products sold by the participating manufacturers being priced at higher levels than the products sold by non-MSA manufacturers. In order to limit our potential tobacco-related liabilities, we try to limit our purchases of cigarettes from non-MSA manufacturers for sale in MSA states. The benefits of liability limitations and indemnities we are entitled to under the MSA do not apply to sales of cigarettes manufactured by non-MSA manufacturers. From time-to-time, however, we find it necessary to purchase a limited amount of cigarettes from non-MSA manufacturers. For example, during a transition period while integrating distribution operations from an acquisition we may need to purchase and distribute cigarettes manufactured by non-MSA manufacturers to satisfy the demands of customers of the acquired business. With respect to sales of such non-MSA cigarettes, we could be subject to litigation that could expose us to liabilities for which we would not be indemnified. If the Tobacco Industry s Master Settlement Agreement Is Invalidated, or Tobacco Manufacturers Cannot Meet Their Obligations to Indemnify Us, We Could Be Subject to Substantial Litigation Liability. 
 In connection with the MSA, we are indemnified by many of the tobacco product manufacturers from whom we purchase cigarettes and other tobacco products for liabilities arising from the sale of the tobacco products that they supply to us. However, if litigation challenging the validity of the MSA were to be successful and all or part of the MSA is invalidated, we could be subject to substantial litigation due to the sales of cigarettes and other tobacco products, and we may not be 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 indemnified for such costs by the tobacco product manufacturers in the future. In addition, even if we continue to be indemnified by cigarette manufacturers that are parties to the MSA, future litigation awards against such cigarette manufacturers could be so large as to eliminate the ability of the manufacturers to satisfy their indemnification obligations. Our results of operations, business, cash flow, and overall financial condition could be negatively impacted due to increased litigation costs and potential adverse rulings against us. We Face Competition From Sales of Deep-Discount Brands and Other Low Priced Sales of Cigarettes. 
 Increased selling prices for cigarettes and higher cigarette taxes have resulted in the growth of deep-discount cigarette brands, which may be sold by our competitors or other retailers. Deep-discount cigarette brands are brands generally manufactured by companies that are not original participants to the MSA, and accordingly do not have cost structures burdened by the MSA. Since the MSA was signed, the category of deep-discount brands manufactured by smaller manufacturers or supplied by importers has grown substantially. If this growth continues, our business, results of operations, cash flows, and overall financial condition would be negatively impacted. RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE RETAIL BUSINESS Increased Competition in the Retail Health Food Industry May Have an Adverse Effect on Our Business. 
 In our retail health food business, we compete with a wide range of well-financed regional and national competitors such as Whole Foods Markets, Trader Joe s, Sprouts Farmers Market, Natural Grocers, Fresh Thyme Farmers Market, General Nutrition Centers, Vitamin Shoppe, and other online competitors such as Amazon who all have embarked on aggressive expansion strategies. Additionally, we compete with specialty supermarkets, other independent natural foods store chains, small specialty stores, and restaurants. Conventional supermarkets and mass market outlets such as Kroger, Albertsons, Walmart, and Costco have also significantly increased their offerings of organic and natural products providing another layer of competition. Finally, if online shopping, direct-to-consumer, and home delivery models continue to grow in popularity thereby further disrupting traditional sales channels, it may present a significant direct risk to brick and mortar retailers like the Company. We also face competition from Whole Foods Market and/or its parent company Amazon , which pose a threat to the supply chains of the grocery and natural foods business as they continue to pursue a vertical, multi-channel sales strategy targeting both retail consumers and business level customers. Most of these competitors may have greater financial and marketing resources than the Company and may be able to devote greater resources to sourcing, promoting, and selling their products. In response to heightened competition, the Company is implementing a repositioning strategy for its retail business. This repositioning strategy calls for a wide range of initiatives including the possible addition of one or more of our new retail store prototypes per year into the foreseeable future. The opening of new retail stores inherently brings additional risk to the business. Further, if our repositioning strategy in response to this increase in competition is not successful, it may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, business, cash flow, and financial condition, and could potentially result in the impairment of assets within this business segment. Changes in the Availability of Quality Natural and Organic Products Could Impact Our Business. 
 There is no assurance that quality natural and organic products including dietary supplements, fresh and processed foods and vitamins will be available to meet our stores future needs. If conventional supermarkets increase their natural and organic product offerings or if new laws require the reformulation of certain products to meet tougher standards, the supply of these products may be constrained. Any significant disruption in the supply of quality natural and organic products could have a material adverse impact on our overall sales and product costs. Perishable Food Product Losses Could Materially Impact Our Results. 
 Our retail stores carry many perishable products which may result in significant product inventory losses in the event of extended power outages, natural disasters, or other catastrophic occurrences. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 A Reduction in Traffic to Anchor Stores in the Shopping Areas in Close Proximity to Our Stores Could Significantly Reduce Our Sales and Leave Us With Unsold Inventory, Which Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Business, Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Many of our stores are located in close proximity to shopping areas that also accommodate other well-known anchor stores. Sales at our stores are derived, in part, from the volume of traffic generated by the other anchor stores in the shopping areas where our stores are located. Customer traffic may be adversely affected by regional economic downturns, a general downturn in the local area where our store is located, long-term nearby road construction projects, the closing of nearby anchor stores or other nearby stores or the decline of the shopping environment in a particular shopping area. Any of these events could reduce our sales and leave us with excess inventory, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In response to such events, we may be required to increase markdowns or initiate marketing promotions to reduce excess inventory, which would further decrease our gross profits and net income. If We Are Unable to Successfully Identify Market Trends and React to Changing Consumer Preferences in a Timely Manner, Our Sales May Decrease. 
 We believe our success depends, in substantial part, on our ability to: anticipate, identify and react to natural and organic grocery and dietary supplement trends and changing consumer preferences in a timely manner; translate market trends into appropriate, saleable product and service offerings in our stores before our competitors; and develop and maintain vendor relationships that provide us access to the newest merchandise on reasonable terms. 
 If we are unable to anticipate and satisfy consumer merchandise preferences in the regions where we operate, our sales may decrease, and we may be forced to increase markdowns of slow-moving merchandise, either of which could negatively impact our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition. If We or Our Third-Party Suppliers Fail to Comply With Regulatory Requirements, or are Unable to Provide Products that Meet Our Specifications, Our Business and Our Reputation Could be Negatively Impacted. 
 If we or our third-party suppliers, including suppliers of our private label products, fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements or to meet our specifications for quality, we could be required to take costly corrective action and our reputation could be negatively impacted. We do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities, and therefore depend upon independent third-party vendors to produce our private label branded products, such as vitamins, minerals, dietary supplements, body care products, food products and bottled water. Third-party suppliers of our private label products may not maintain adequate controls with respect to product specifications and quality. Such suppliers may be unable to produce products on a timely basis or in a manner consistent with regulatory requirements. Additionally, there are no assurances that we would be successful in finding new third-party suppliers that meet our quality guidelines if needed. If any of these events were to occur, our results from operations, cash flow, liquidity position, and overall financial condition could be negatively impacted. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 RISK FACTORS RELATED TO ALL OF OUR BUSINESSES Significant or Prolonged Periods of Higher Interest Rate Environments May Have an Adverse Effect on Our Profitability. 
 Interest rates have a direct impact on our business based on the amount of variable debt the Company utilizes in its operations. Prolonged periods of high interest rates may have a negative impact on the Company s results of operations, balance sheet, and cash flows. We May Be Impacted by Acts of Civil Unrest, or Violence. 
 Our business operations could be negatively impacted by acts of civil unrest, or violence beyond our control. Such acts could threaten our supply chain, may result in property damage and/or insurance claims to the facilities of the Company or our customers, impact the safety of our workforce or the workforces of our customers, and may also have indirect impacts on customer demand for the products we sell, or our ability to collect on accounts receivable or finance our operations. A Major Epidemic or Pandemic or other Widespread Public Health Issue Could Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations and Financial Condition. 
 The emergence and spread of a major epidemic or pandemic (such as COVID-19) or other widespread public health issue could affect our employees, suppliers and/or customers and cause disruption in our operations including, but not limited to, travel restrictions, temporary closing of one or more of our distribution warehouses or retail stores, labor shortages, supply chain interruptions, business shutdowns, or regional quarantines. These disruptions could negatively affect our ability to service our customers, could contribute to adverse economic conditions including decreases in demand for the products we distribute, resulting in lower sales and profitability, or could present increased credit risk to the Company from customer credit defaults resulting from an economic downturn. In addition to the potential operational risks described above, disruptions caused by a widespread public health issue could present increased reputational risk to the Company or result in legal claims or costly response measures. We May Be Subject to Risks Associated with Equity Investments or the Acquisition of Assets or New Businesses. 
 From time to time, one or both of the Company s business segments may acquire assets from other businesses, all or a portion of another business, or make an equity investment in another business through the purchase of equity or other means. The purchase of assets or of all or part of a business or an equity investment in another business can bring significant risks to the Company in a number of areas including purchase price, amount of equity investment, business valuation and recording risks, customer retention risks, risks associated with the assumption of liabilities or obligations, integration risks, technology risks, risks associated with the addition of new employees such as health care costs, and a wide range of other risks and considerations. While the Company strives to minimize the risks associated with its acquisition or equity investment activities, issues may arise which could have a material negative impact on the Company s results of operations, balance sheet, and cash flows. We May Be Subject to Risks Associated with Trade Tariffs. 
 The Company purchases products from a wide range of vendors in both of its businesses. Some of our vendors may import certain products as part of their manufacturing processes and could be impacted by higher costs resulting from trade tariffs. Further, the impact of higher costs at the retail level may negatively impact consumer disposable income and demand. In the event that our product purchase costs from our vendors increase and we cannot pass on those price increases or if the retail level demand for the products we sell decreases, the Company s results of operations, balance sheet, and cash flows could be negatively impacted. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Employee Healthcare Benefits Represent a Significant Expense for Our Company and May Negatively Affect Our Profitability. 
 Healthcare represents a significant expense item for our Company and there is a general upward trend in healthcare costs nationwide. While we strive to control these costs through modifications to insurance coverage, including co-pays and deductibles, there can be no assurance that we will be as successful in controlling such costs in the future. Continued increases in healthcare costs, as well as changes in laws, regulations, and assumptions used to calculate health and benefit expenses, may adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. We May Be Subject to Product Liability Claims That May Have an Adverse Effect on Our Business. 
 We may face exposure to product liability claims if the use of products sold by us is alleged to cause injury or illness. However, product liability insurance may not continue to be available at a reasonable cost, or, if available, may not be adequate to cover all of our liabilities. We generally seek contractual indemnification and insurance coverage from parties supplying the products we sell, but this indemnification or insurance coverage is limited, as a practical matter, to the creditworthiness of the indemnifying party and the insurance limits of any insurance provided by suppliers. If we do not have adequate insurance or if contractual indemnification is not available or if the counterparty cannot fulfill its indemnification obligation, product liability relating to allegedly defective products could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flow, business, and overall financial condition. We May Be Subject to Risks Associated with Insurance Plans Claims. 
 The Company uses a combination of insurance and self-insurance plans to provide for the potential liabilities for workers compensation, general liability, property insurance, director and officers liability insurance, vehicle liability, and employee health care benefits. Liabilities associated with these risks are estimated by the Company, in part, by considering historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors, and other assumptions. Our results could be materially impacted by claims and other expenses related to such insurance plans if future occurrences and claims differ from these assumptions and historical trends. A Deterioration in Economic Conditions May Negatively Impact Sales in Both Our Business Segments. 
 Our results of operations and financial condition are particularly sensitive to changes in the overall economy, including the level of consumer discretionary spending. Consumer discretionary spending may be negatively impacted by inflation, rising interest rates, recessions or other general economic uncertainties or downturns. Changes in discretionary spending patterns may decrease demand from our convenience store customers and/or impact the demand for natural food products in our retail health food stores as customers purchase less expensive product alternatives. Additionally, many of our Wholesale Segment customers are thinly capitalized and their access to credit in the current business environment may be impacted by changes in economic conditions, systemic pressures in the banking system, including disruptions in the credit markets, rising interest rates or other factors, which may affect their ability to operate as a going concern, presenting additional credit risk for the Company. A period of economic downturn or economic deterioration could result in lower sales and profitability as well as customer credit defaults. Periods of Significant or Prolonged Inflation or Deflation Affect Our Product Costs and Profitability. 
 Volatile product costs have a direct impact on our business. Prolonged periods of product cost inflation may have a negative impact on our profit margins and earnings to the extent that we are unable to pass on all or a portion of such product cost increases to our customers, which may have a negative impact on our business and our profitability. In addition, product cost inflation may negatively impact consumer spending decisions, which could adversely impact our sales. Conversely, our business may be adversely impacted by periods of prolonged product cost deflation because we make a significant portion of our sales at prices that are based on the cost of products we sell plus a percentage markup. As a result, our profit levels may be negatively impacted during periods of product cost deflation, even though our gross profit percentage may remain relatively constant. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 We Rely Heavily on Information Technology Systems to Operate Our Business. Any Disruptions to These Technology Systems or if These Systems were Made Unavailable for Use, May Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Business. 
 We rely extensively on our information technology systems and those of third parties to run all aspects of our business. We have had and may have disruptions to our information technology systems due to a number of factors including but not limited to electricity outages, equipment failure, telecommunications failures, security breaches, cyber-attacks, computer viruses, malware or other methods and causes. Although we make efforts to maintain the security, integrity and redundancy of our systems and have implemented various measures to manage the risk of system disruptions or failures, there can be no assurance that our efforts and measures will be effective. If any of our information technology systems or those of third parties on which we rely are damaged or made unavailable to us, it could have a material negative impact on our operations and profits. Adverse Publicity About the Company or Lack of Confidence in The Products We Carry May Have an Adverse Effect on Our Reputation and Reduce Earnings. 
 Maintaining a good reputation and public confidence in the products we distribute is critical to our business. Anything that damages that reputation or the public s confidence in the products we carry, whether or not justified, including adverse publicity about the quality, safety or integrity of our products, could quickly and adversely affect our revenues and profits. In addition, such adverse publicity may result in product liability claims, a loss of reputation, and product recalls which could have a material adverse effect on our sales and operations. Impairment Charges for Goodwill or Other Intangible Assets May Have an Adverse Effect on Our Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 We annually test goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives to determine if impairment has occurred. Additionally, interim reviews must be performed whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. If the testing performed indicates that impairment has occurred, we are required to record a non-cash impairment charge for the difference between the carrying value of the goodwill or other intangible assets and the implied fair value of the goodwill or other intangible assets in the period the determination is made. The testing of goodwill and other intangible assets for impairment requires management to make significant estimates about our future performance and cash flows, as well as other assumptions. These estimates can be affected by numerous factors, including potential changes in economic, industry or market conditions, changes in business operations, changes in competition or changes in our stock price and market capitalization. Changes in these factors, or changes in actual performance compared with estimates of our future performance, may affect the fair value of goodwill or other intangible assets, which may result in impairment charges. Additionally, we may not be able to accurately predict the amount and timing of any impairment of assets. Should the value of goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Capital Needed for Expansion May Not Be Available. 
 The acquisition of other distributors or existing retail stores, the development and opening of new retail stores and distribution facilities, and the expansion of existing distribution facilities requires significant amounts of capital. In the past, our growth has been funded primarily through proceeds from bank debt, private placements of equity and debt and internally generated cash flow. These and other sources of capital may not be available to us on satisfactory terms, or at all, in the future, particularly in light of current economic conditions, including systemic pressures in the banking system, disruptions in the credit markets and rising interest rates, which could impair our ability to further expand our business. Covenants in Our Revolving Credit Facilities May Restrict Our Ability to React to Changes Within Our Business or Industry. 
 Our revolving credit facilities impose certain restrictions on us that could increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions by limiting our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and industry. Specifically, these restrictions limit our ability, among other things, to incur additional indebtedness, make 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 distributions, pay dividends, issue stock of subsidiaries, make investments, repurchase stock, create liens, enter into transactions with affiliates, merge or consolidate, or transfer and sell our assets. Failure to Meet Restrictive Covenants in Our Revolving Credit Facilities Could Result in Acceleration of the Facilities and We May not be Able to Find Alternative Financing. 
 Under our credit facilities, we are required to maintain a minimum debt service ratio if our excess availability falls below 10 of the maximum loan limit as defined in our revolving credit agreements. Our ability to comply with this covenant may be affected by factors beyond our control. If we breach, or if our lender contends that we have breached this covenant or any other restrictions, it could result in an event of default under our revolving credit facilities, which would permit our lenders to declare all amounts outstanding thereunder to be immediately due and payable, and our lenders under our revolving credit facilities could terminate their commitments to make further extensions of credit under our revolving credit facilities and foreclose on collateral securing those loans. In such an event, there can be no assurances that we would be able to obtain waivers for any such breach or default, refinance such indebtedness or obtain alternative financing on satisfactory terms or at all. We May Not Be Able to Obtain Capital or Borrow Funds to Provide Us with Sufficient Liquidity and Capital Resources Necessary to Meet Our Future Financial Obligations. 
 We expect that our principal sources of funds will be cash generated from our operations and, if necessary, borrowings under our revolving credit facilities. However, the current and future conditions in the credit markets, including systemic pressures in the banking system, disruptions in the credit markets and rising interest rates may impact the availability of capital resources required to meet our future financial obligations, or to provide funds for our working capital, capital expenditures and other needs for the foreseeable future. We may require additional equity or debt financing to meet our working capital requirements or to fund our capital expenditures. We may not be able to obtain financing on terms satisfactory to us, or at all. We Depend on Relatively Few Suppliers for a Large Portion of Our Products, and Any Interruptions in the Supply of the Products We Sell May Have an Adverse Effect on Our Results of Operations and Financial Condition. 
 We do not have any significant long-term contracts with suppliers in our wholesale business committing them to provide products to us. Although our purchasing volume can provide leverage when dealing with suppliers, suppliers may not provide the products we sell in the quantities we request or on favorable terms. Because we do not control the actual production of the products we sell, we are also subject to delays caused by interruption in production based on conditions beyond our control. These conditions include but are not limited to labor disputes (strikes), labor shortages, supply chain and transportation disruptions, inclement weather, drought, natural disasters, epidemics, pandemics or other widespread public health issues, or other catastrophic events and the adverse effects of climate change. Our inability to obtain adequate supplies of the products we sell as a result of any of the foregoing factors or otherwise, could cause us to fail to meet our obligations to our customers. We Would Lose Business if Cigarette or Other Manufacturers That We Use Decide to Engage in Direct Distribution of Their Products. 
 In the past, some large manufacturers have decided to engage in direct distribution of their products and eliminate distributors such as the Company. If other manufacturers make similar product distribution decisions in the future, our revenues and profits could be adversely affected and there can be no assurance that we will be able to take action to compensate for such losses. We Depend on Our Senior Management and Key Personnel. 
 We depend on the continued services and performance of our senior management and other key personnel. While we have employment agreements with certain key personnel, the loss of service from any of our executive officers or key employees could harm our business. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 We Operate in a Competitive Labor Market and Some of Our Employees Are Covered by Collective Bargaining Agreements. 
 We compete with other businesses in each of our markets with respect to attracting and retaining qualified employees, particularly in the area of truck drivers and warehouse workers. A shortage of qualified employees could require us to enhance our wage and benefits packages in order to compete effectively in the hiring and retention of qualified employees or to hire more expensive temporary employees. In addition, at September 2023, approximately thirty of our delivery drivers in our Wholesale Segment are covered by a collective bargaining agreement with a labor organization, which expires in November 2023. A new labor agreement has been ratified by the IAMAW through November 2026. We expect this agreement to be executed during the Company s first quarter of fiscal 2024. We Are Subject to Significant Governmental Regulation and If We Are Unable to Comply with Regulations That Affect Our Business or If There Are Substantial Changes in These Regulations, Our Business Could Be Adversely Affected. 
 As a distributor and retailer of food products, we are subject to regulation by the FDA. Our operations are also subject to regulation by the USDA, OSHA, ATF, DOT and other federal, state and local agencies. Each of these regulatory authorities has broad administrative powers with respect to our operations. If we fail to adequately comply with government regulations or regulations become more stringent, we could experience increased inspections, regulatory authorities could take remedial action including imposing fines or shutting down our operations or we could be subject to increased audit and compliance costs. If any of these events were to occur, our results of operations, business, cash flow, and financial condition would be adversely affected. We cannot predict the impact that future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, the effect of additional government regulations or administrative orders, when and if promulgated, or disparate federal, state and local regulatory schemes would have on our business in the future. They could, however, require the reformulation of certain products to meet new standards, the recall or discontinuance of certain products not able to be reformulated, additional record keeping, expanded documentation of the properties of certain products, expanded or different labeling and/or scientific substantiation. While we do not manufacture any products, any of the aforementioned items could disrupt the supply levels of inventory that we sell. Any or all of such requirements could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, business, cash flow, and financial condition. RISK FACTORS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK The Company Has Few Shareholders of Record And, If this Number Remains below 300, as was true as of September 30, 2023, the Company Will No Longer Be Obligated to Report under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and in Such Case We May Be Delisted from NYSE American, Reducing the Ability of Investors to Trade in Our Common Stock. 
 If the number of owners of record (including direct participants in the Depository Trust Company) of our common stock remains below 300, as was true as of September 30, 2023, our obligation to file reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 could be suspended. If we take advantage of this right we will likely reduce administrative costs of complying with public company rules, but periodic and current information updates about the Company would not be available to investors. In addition, the common stock of the Company would be removed from listing on NYSE American. This would likely impact investors ability to trade in our common stock. We Have Various Mechanisms in Place to Discourage Takeover Attempts, Which May Reduce or Eliminate Our Stockholders Ability to Sell Their Shares for a Premium in a Change of Control Transaction. 
 Various provisions of our bylaws and of corporate law may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control or takeover attempt of the Company by a third party that is opposed by our management and Board of Directors. These anti-takeover provisions could substantially impede the ability of public stockholders to benefit from a change of control or change in our management and Board of Directors. These provisions include: 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 supermajority voting requirements to amend certain provisions in our certificate of incorporation; non-cumulative voting for directors; control by our Board of Directors of the size of our Board of Directors; limitations on the ability of stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; and advance notice requirements for nominations of candidates for election to our Board of Directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by our stockholders at stockholder meetings. 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable. ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY Not applicable. ITEM 2. PROPERTIE S The location and approximate square footage of the Company s nine distribution centers and 17 retail stores at September 2023 are set forth below: 

Location Square Feet Distribution IL, MN, MO, ND, NE, SD, TN WV 1,316,000 Retail AR, FL, OK 173,100 Total Square Footage 1,489,100 The Company leases certain distribution facilities, retail stores, offices, and certain equipment under operating leases. As further described in Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, certain of our distribution facilities in Quincy, Illinois, Springfield, Missouri, Bismarck, North Dakota, and Rapid City, South Dakota are owned by the Company and are included as collateral under AMCON s credit facility the AMCON Facility ). Our distribution center in Alexandria, Minnesota is owned by the Company and is included as collateral under Henry s Foods, Inc. s credit facility the Henry s Facility ). Team Sledd, LLC s principal office and warehouse in West Virginia are collateral against two separate notes payable and Team Sledd s credit facility (the Team Sledd Facility ). Management believes that its existing facilities are adequate for the Company s current level of operations, however, larger facilities and additional cross-dock facilities and retail stores may be required if the Company experiences growth in certain market areas. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT Executive officers of our Company are appointed by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board. The following table sets forth certain information with respect to all executive officers of our Company. 

Name Age Position Christopher H. Atayan 63 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Director Andrew C. Plummer 49 President, Chief Operating Officer, Director Charles J. Schmaderer 54 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary CHRISTOPHER H. ATAYAN has served in various senior executive positions with the Company since 2006, including his service as Chairman of the Board since 2008 and Chief Executive Officer since 2006, and has been a director of the Company since 2004. Mr. Atayan served as Senior Managing Director of Slusser Associates, Inc., a private equity and investment banking firm, from 1988 to 2020, and had been engaged in private equity and investment banking since 1982. He also serves on the Board of Eastek Holdings, LLC, a contract manufacturing company. ANDREW C. PLUMMER has served as our President and Chief Operating Officer since October 2018, as our Chief Financial Officer from January 2007 to October 2020, and as our Secretary from January 2007 to October 2018. From 2004 to 2007, Mr. Plummer served our company in various roles including Acting Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Controller, and Manager of SEC Compliance. Prior to joining our company in 2004, Mr. Plummer practiced public accounting, primarily with the accounting firm Deloitte and Touche, LLP (now Deloitte). CHARLES J. SCHMADERER has served as the Company s Chief Financial Officer since October 2020, as Vice President since April 2018, as Secretary since October 2018 and as Corporate Controller from April 2018 to October 2020. From 2006 to 2018, Mr. Schmaderer served the Company in various roles including as the Vice President of Financial Reporting and Assistant Secretary, and as the Director of Financial and SEC Reporting. Prior to joining AMCON in 2006, Mr. Schmaderer held financial management roles with Hewlett Packard (HP) and before that practiced public accounting, primarily with the accounting firm Grant Thornton, LLP. Mr. Schmaderer also holds a Master of Business Administration (MBA) from the University of Nebraska-Omaha. PART I I ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES MARKET FOR COMMON STOCK The Company s common stock trades on NYSE American under the trading symbol DIT . As of November 6, 2023, the closing price of our common stock on NYSE American was 192.00 and there were 630,362 common shares outstanding. As of that date, the Company had approximately 896 persons holding common shares beneficially of which approximately 130 are shareholders of record (including direct participants in the Depository Trust Company). DIVIDEND POLICY On a quarterly basis, the Company s Board of Directors evaluates the potential declaration of dividend payments on the Company s common stock. Our dividend policy is intended to return capital to shareholders when it is most appropriate. The AMCON Facility described in Note 7 of Part II, Item 8 provides that the Company may not pay dividends on its common shares in excess of 5.0 million on an annual basis. There is no limit on dividend payments provided that certain excess availability measurements have been maintained for the 30-day period immediately prior to the payment of any such dividends or distributions, and immediately after giving effect to any such dividend or distribution payments, the Company has a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.0 to 1.0 as defined in the AMCON Facility agreement. Our Board of Directors could decide to alter our dividend policy or not pay quarterly dividends at any time in the future. Such an action by the Board of Directors could result from, among other reasons, changes in the marketplace, changes in 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 our performance or capital needs, changes in federal income tax laws, disruptions in the capital markets, or other events affecting our business, liquidity or financial position. The Company paid cash dividends of approximately 3.5 million and 3.4 million, or 5.72 per common share, during fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, the Company did not sell any unregistered securities. The Company issued unregistered securities to certain members of the Company s management team in relation to the vesting of restricted stock units as described in Note 12 of Part II, Item 8. These issuances were exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. REPURCHASE OF COMPANY SHARES The Company repurchased a total of 2,363 shares of its common stock during fiscal 2023 for cash totaling approximately 0.4 million. The Company did not repurchase any shares of its common stock during fiscal 2022. All repurchased shares were recorded in treasury stock at cost. At September 2023, 72,637 shares of the Company s common shares remained authorized for repurchase in either the open market or privately negotiated transactions, as previously approved by the Company s Board of Directors. In October 2023, the Board of Directors renewed the repurchase authorization for up to 75,000 shares of the Company s common stock. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, the Company repurchased shares of its common stock for cash totaling approximately 0.4 million. The following table summarizes these repurchases made by or on behalf of the Company or certain affiliated purchasers of shares of our common stock for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2023: 

Period (a) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased (b) Average Price Paid per Share (or Unit) (c) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (d) Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares (or Units) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs July 1 - 31, 2023 2,363 171.34 2,363 72,637 August 1 - 31, 2023 - 72,637 September 1 - 30, 2023 - 72,637 Total 2,363 - 2,363 72,637 

 In October 2023 and subsequent to the end of fiscal 2023, the Board of Directors authorized purchases of up to 75,000 shares of our Company s common stock in open market or negotiated transactions. Management was given discretion to determine the number and pricing of the shares to be purchased, as well as the timing of any such purchases. EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION We refer you to Item 12 of this report for the information required by Item 201(d) of SEC Regulation S-K. ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Overview The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 and other information in this report, including Critical Accounting Estimates and Cautionary Information included at the end of this Item 7. The following discussion and analysis includes the results of operations for the twelve month periods ended September 2023 and September 2022. For more information regarding our business segments, see Item 1 Business of this Annual Report. Business Update During fiscal year 2023, the Company acquired Henry s Foods, Inc. Henry s an Alexandria, Minnesota-based convenience distributor. The acquisition of Henry s expanded our geographic footprint and has provided access to an industry-leading foodservice distribution platform. Macroeconomic factors including ongoing disruptions to supply chains continue to impact product and equipment availability for our businesses. Combined with a persistently high inflationary operating environment, these factors have resulted in cost pressures across both of our business segments as product, labor, fuel, interest and other costs have all increased markedly while at the same time pressuring consumer demand trends. Finally, we continue to monitor proposals from governmental and regulatory bodies, including the United States Food and Drug Administration FDA ), which are evaluating the possible prohibition and/or limitations on the sale of certain cigarette, tobacco and vaping products, including menthol. If such regulations were to be implemented, they would have a negative impact on the Company s financial results. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations The following table sets forth an analysis of various components of the Company s Statement of Operations as a percentage of sales for fiscal years 2023 and 2022: 

Fiscal Years 2023 2022 Sales 100.0 100.0 Cost of sales 93.3 93.6 Gross profit 6.7 6.4 Selling, general and administrative expenses 5.4 5.1 Depreciation and amortization 0.3 0.2 Operating income 1.0 1.1 Interest expense 0.3 0.1 Change in fair value of mandatorily redeemable non-controlling interest 0.1 0.1 Other (income), net (0.1) (0.1) Income from operations before income taxes 0.7 1.0 Income tax expense 0.2 0.3 Equity method investment earnings, net of tax 0.1 Net income available to common shareholders 0.5 0.8 The following table presents selected statement of operations data for fiscal years 2023 and 2022: 

in millions) 2023 2022 Incr (Decr) (2) CONSOLIDATED: Sales(1) 2,540.0 2,010.8 529.2 Cost of sales 2,369.2 1,883.1 486.1 Gross profit 170.8 127.7 43.1 Gross profit percentage 6.7 6.4 Operating expense 144.9 105.1 39.8 Operating income 26.0 22.6 3.4 Interest expense 8.5 2.2 6.3 Change in fair value of mandatorily redeemable non-controlling interest 1.3 1.5 (0.2) Income tax expense 5.7 6.5 (0.8) Equity method investment earnings, net of tax 1.7 (1.7) Net income available to common shareholders 11.6 16.7 (5.1) BUSINESS SEGMENTS: Wholesale Sales 2,496.9 1,964.6 532.3 Gross profit 155.3 110.8 44.5 Gross profit percentage 6.2 5.6 Retail Sales 43.1 46.2 (3.1) Gross profit 15.5 16.9 (1.4) Gross profit percentage 36.0 36.6 

 (1) Sales are reported net of costs associated with incentives provided to retailers. These incentives totaled 40.4 million and 34.4 million in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. (2) Calculated based on rounded numbers as presented in the table. 

 21 

Table of Contents 
 SALES Changes in sales are primarily driven by: (i) changes to selling prices, which are largely controlled by our product suppliers, and excise taxes imposed on cigarettes and tobacco products by various states; (ii) changes in the volume and mix of products sold to our customers, either due to a change in purchasing patterns resulting from consumer preferences or the fluctuation in the comparable number of business days in our reporting period; and (iii) acquisitions 
 SALES Fiscal 2023 vs. Fiscal 2022 Sales in our Wholesale Segment increased 532.3 million during fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022. Significant items impacting sales during fiscal 2023 included a 362.4 million increase in comparative sales related to the acquisition of a controlling interest in Team Sledd, LLC Team Sledd during Q3 2022, a 220.6 million increase in sales related to the acquisition of Henry s Foods, Inc. Henry s during Q2 2023, a 97.3 million increase in sales related to price increases implemented by cigarette manufacturers, and a 27.8 million increase in sales related to higher sales volumes in our tobacco, confectionary, foodservice, and other categories Other Products ), partially offset by a 175.8 million decrease in sales related to the volume and mix of cigarette cartons sold. Sales in our Retail Segment decreased 3.1 million in fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022. Significant items impacting sales during fiscal 2023 included a 4.1 million decrease in sales volume related to store closures across the comparative periods, partially offset by a 1.0 million increase in sales related to higher sales volumes in our existing stores. GROSS PROFIT Fiscal 2023 vs. Fiscal 2022 Our gross profit does not include fulfillment costs and costs related to the distribution network which are included in selling, general and administrative costs, and may not be comparable to those of other entities. Some entities may classify such costs as a component of cost of sales. Cost of sales, a component used in determining gross profit, for the Wholesale and Retail Segments includes the cost of products purchased from manufacturers, less incentives we receive which are netted against such costs. Gross profit in our Wholesale Segment increased 44.5 million during fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022. Significant items impacting gross profit during fiscal 2023 included a 25.4 million increase in gross profit related to the acquisition of Henry s in Q2 2023, a 20.8 million increase in comparative gross profit related to the acquisition of a controlling interest in Team Sledd during Q3 2022, a 1.0 million increase in gross profit related to higher sales volumes and promotions in our Other Products category, partially offset by a 1.9 million decrease in the net impact of cigarette manufacturer promotions and the volume and mix of cigarette cartons sold and a 0.8 million decrease in gross profit due to the timing and related benefits of cigarette manufacturer price increases between the comparative periods. Gross profit in our Retail Segment decreased 1.4 million in fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022. This change was primarily related to a 1.2 million decrease related to store closures across the comparative periods and 0.2 million decrease related to lower gross margins in our existing stores resulting from variations in volume and product mix between the comparative periods. OPERATING EXPENSE Fiscal 2023 vs. Fiscal 2022 Operating expense includes selling, general and administrative expenses and depreciation and amortization. Selling, general, and administrative expenses primarily consist of costs related to our sales, warehouse, delivery and administrative departments, including purchasing and receiving costs, warehousing costs and costs of picking and loading customer orders. Our most significant expenses relate to costs associated with employees, facility and equipment leases, transportation, fuel, and insurance. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Our fiscal 2023 consolidated operating expenses increased 39.8 million as compared to fiscal 2022. Significant items impacting operating expenses during fiscal 2023 included a 20.3 million increase in operating expenses related to the acquisition of Henry s during Q2 2023, a 16.0 million increase in operating expenses related to the acquisition of a controlling interest in Team Sledd during Q3 2022, a 2.4 million increase in other Wholesale Segment operating expenses including employee compensation and benefit costs, and a 2.0 million increase in insurance costs, partially offset by a 0.7 million decrease in fuel costs, a 0.1 million decrease in our customer bad debt expense and a 0.1 million decrease in our Retail Segment operating expenses. INTEREST EXPENSE Fiscal 2023 vs. Fiscal 2022 Interest expense increased 6.3 million during fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022, primarily related to higher interest rates and higher outstanding debt balances in the current year period related to the acquisition of a controlling interest in Team Sledd in Q3 2022 and the acquisition of Henry s in Q2 2023. OTHER INCOME Fiscal 2023 vs. Fiscal 2022 The change in other income between the comparative periods was primarily related to a non-cash accounting gain of approximately 2.4 million in fiscal 2022 related to the consolidation of Team Sledd, partially offset by an insurance recovery in fiscal 2023. INCOME TAX EXPENSE Fiscal 2023 vs. Fiscal 2022 The change in the fiscal 2023 income tax rate as compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily related to non-deductible compensation expense in relation to the amount of income from operations before income tax expense and higher effective state income tax rates between the comparative periods. Liquidity and Capital Resources The Company s variability in cash flows from operating activities is dependent on the timing of inventory purchases and seasonal fluctuations. For example, periodically we have inventory buy-in opportunities which offer more favorable pricing terms. As a result, we may have to hold inventory for a period longer than the payment terms. This generates a cash outflow from operating activities that we expect to reverse in later periods. Additionally, during our peak time of operations in the warm weather months, we generally carry higher amounts of inventory to ensure high fill rates and customer satisfaction. The Company primarily finances its operations through three credit facility agreements (a) a facility that is an obligation of AMCON Distributing Company (the AMCON Facility ), (b) a facility that is an obligation of Team Sledd (the Team Sledd Facility and (c) a facility that is the obligation of Henry s (the Henry s Facility ), and collectively together (the Facilities and long-term debt agreements with banks. The Team Sledd Facility and The Henry s Facility are non- recourse to AMCON Distributing Company, are not guaranteed by AMCON Distributing Company and have no cross default provisions applicable to AMCON Distributing Company. In Q3 2023, the Company amended the Team Sledd Facility, increasing its aggregate borrowing capacity from 70.0 million to 80.0 million, extending the maturity date to March 2028, and adding certain real estate property as eligible borrowing collateral under the agreement. At September 2023, the Facilities have a total combined borrowing capacity of 300.0 million, which includes provisions for up to 30.0 million in credit advances for certain inventory purchases, which are limited by accounts receivable and inventory qualifications, and the value of certain real estate collateral. The Henry s Facility matures in February 2026, the AMCON Facility matures in June 2027, and the Team Sledd Facility matures in March 2028, each without a penalty for prepayment. Obligations under the Facilities are collateralized by substantially all of the Company s respective equipment, intangibles, inventories, accounts receivable, and certain real estate. The Facilities each feature an unused commitment fee and springing financial covenants. Borrowings under the Facilities bear interest at either the bank s prime rate or the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), plus any applicable spreads. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 The amount available for use from the Facilities at any given time is subject to a number of factors, including eligible accounts receivable and inventory balances that fluctuate day-to-day, as well as the value of certain real estate collateral. Based on the collateral and loan limits as defined in the Facility agreements, the credit limit of the combined Facilities at September 2023 was 239.1 million, of which 140.4 million was outstanding, leaving 98.7 million available. The average interest rate of the Facilities was 7.03 at September 2023. During fiscal 2023, the peak borrowings under the Facilities was 159.7 million, and the average borrowings and average availability under the Facilities was 124.3 million and 86.4 million, respectively. Cross Default and Co-Terminus Provisions Team Sledd s three notes payable and the Team Sledd Facility contain cross default provisions. The Henry s note payable and the Henry s Facility contain cross default provisions. There were no such cross defaults for either Team Sledd or Henry s at September 2023. Additionally, the Team Sledd Facility and the Henry s Facility are non-recourse to AMCON Distributing Company, are not guaranteed by AMCON Distributing Company and have no cross default provisions applicable to AMCON Distributing Company. The Company and its subsidiaries, including Team Sledd and Henry s, were in compliance with all of the financial covenants under the Facilities at September 2023. Dividend Payments The Company paid cash dividends of 3.5 million and 3.4 million, or 5.72 per common share, during fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. Other The Company has issued a letter of credit for 0.5 million to its workers compensation insurance carrier as part of its self-insured loss control program. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements The Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. Liquidity Risk The Company s liquidity position is significantly influenced by its ability to maintain sufficient levels of working capital. For our Company and our industry in general, customer credit risk and ongoing access to bank credit heavily influence liquidity positions. The Company does not currently hedge its exposure to interest rate risk or fuel costs. Accordingly, significant price movements in these areas can and do impact the Company s profitability. While the Company believes its liquidity position going forward will be adequate to sustain operations in both the short- and long-term, a precipitous change in the operating environment could materially impact the Company s future revenue streams as well as its ability to collect on customer accounts receivable or secure bank credit. OTHER MATTERS Critical Accounting Estimates GENERAL The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, which require the Company to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net revenue and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The Company believes that the accounting estimates employed and the resulting balances are reasonable; however, actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The Company believes the following critical accounting policies reflect the significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Our critical accounting estimates are set forth below. ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL ACCOUNTS NATURE OF ESTIMATES REQUIRED. The allowance for doubtful accounts represents our estimate of uncollectible accounts receivable at the balance sheet date. We monitor our credit exposure on a daily basis and regularly assess the adequacy of our allowance for doubtful accounts. Because credit losses can vary significantly over time, estimating the required allowance requires a number of assumptions that are uncertain. ASSUMPTIONS AND APPROACH USED. We estimate our required allowance for doubtful accounts using the following key assumptions: Historical collections Represented as the amount of historical uncollectible accounts as a percent of total accounts receivable. Specific credit exposure on certain accounts Identified based on management s review of the accounts receivable portfolio and taking into account the financial wherewithal of particular customers that management deems to have a higher risk of collection. Market conditions We consider a broad range of industry trends and macro-economic issues which may impact the creditworthiness of our customers. 
 INVENTORIES NATURE OF ESTIMATES REQUIRED. In our businesses, we carry large quantities and dollar amounts of inventory. Inventories primarily consist of finished products purchased in bulk quantities to be sold to our customers. Given the large quantities and broad range of products we carry, there is a risk that inventory may become impaired because it has become unsaleable or unrefundable, slow moving, obsolete, or because it has been discontinued. The use of estimates is required in determining either the net realizable value (for our wholesale business) or the lower of cost or market LCM under the retail method (for our retail business) of this inventory. ASSUMPTIONS AND APPROACH USED. We estimate our inventory obsolescence reserve at each balance sheet date based on the following criteria: Slow moving products Items identified as slow moving are evaluated on a case-by-case basis for impairment. Obsolete/discontinued inventory Products identified that are near or beyond their expiration dates. We may also discontinue carrying certain product lines for our customers. As a result, we estimate either the net realizable value or the LCM of this inventory as if it were to be liquidated. Estimated net realizable value For our wholesale business, the net realizable value of the inventory is estimated using management s evaluation of the congestion in the distribution channels and experience with brokers and inventory liquidators to determine the net realizable value of the inventory. 

 25 

Table of Contents 
 DEPRECIATION, AMORTIZATION AND IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS, INCLUDING GOODWILL AND LEASED RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS Long-lived assets consist primarily of property and equipment, leased right-of-use ROU assets, intangible assets, and goodwill acquired in business combinations. Property and equipment, ROU assets and amortizable identified intangible assets are assigned useful lives ranging from one to 40 years. Indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill are not amortized. Impairment of the Company s long-lived assets is assessed during the Company s fourth fiscal quarter using both qualitative and quantitative analysis, or whenever events or circumstances change that indicate the carrying value of such long-lived assets may not be recoverable. NATURE OF ESTIMATES REQUIRED. Management has to estimate the useful lives of the Company s long-lived assets. In regard to the Company s impairment analysis, the most significant assumptions include management s estimate of the annual growth rate used to project future sales and expenses. ASSUMPTIONS AND APPROACH USED. For property and equipment, depreciable lives are based on our accounting policy which is intended to mirror the expected useful life of the asset. In determining the estimated useful life of ROU assets and amortizable intangible assets such as customer lists, we rely on our historical experience in addition to estimates of how long certain assets will generate cash flows. If impairment indicators arise, we then evaluate the potential impairment of property and equipment, ROU assets and amortizable identifiable intangible assets using an undiscounted future cash flow approach. When evaluating the potential impairment of non-amortizable indefinite-lived assets and goodwill, the Company first assesses a range of qualitative factors, including but not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, industry conditions, the competitive environment, changes in the market for the Company s products and services, market prices, regulatory and political developments, entity specific factors such as strategy and changes in key personnel, and the overall financial performance for each of the Company s reporting units. If after completing this assessment, the Company determines that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, a quantitative evaluation is performed using the income approach (discounted cash flow method). A discounted cash flow methodology requires the estimation of a wide range of factors including but not limited to: (i) forecasting future earnings and cash flows (ii) determining the discount rate applicable to the earnings stream being discounted, and (iii) computing a terminal value at some point in the future. These estimations require significant judgment and include making assumptions such as sales growth rates including the addition of new retail stores, future store profitability, planned capital expenditures, our ability to control costs, the successful implementation of initiatives designed to enhance sales and improve inventory management, gross profit estimates, macroeconomic conditions, industry conditions, the competitive environment, changes in the market for the Company s products and services, regulatory and political developments, entity specific factors such as strategy and changes in key personnel, working capital requirements, weighted average cost of capital, and current and anticipated operating conditions. The use of different assumptions or estimates for future cash flows could produce different results. Goodwill recorded on the Company s consolidated balance sheet represents amounts allocated to its wholesale reporting unit which totaled 5.8 million and 5.3 million at September 2023 and September 2022, respectively. The Company determined that the estimated fair value of its wholesale reporting unit exceeded its carrying value at both September 2023 and September 2022. INSURANCE The Company s insurance for workers compensation, general liability and employee-related health care benefits are provided through high-deductible or self-insured programs. As a result, the Company accrues for its workers compensation liability based upon claim reserves established with the assistance of a third-party administrator, which are then trended and developed. The reserves are evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Due to the uncertainty involved with the realization of claims incurred but unreported, management is required to make estimates of these claims. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 ASSUMPTIONS AND APPROACH USED. In order to estimate our reserve for incurred but unreported claims we consider the following key factors: Employee Health Insurance Claims Historical claims experience We review loss runs for each month to calculate the average monthly claims experience. Lag period for reporting claims Based on our analysis, our experience is such that we have a minimum of a one-month lag period in which claims are reported. 
 Workers Compensation Insurance Claims Historical claims experience We review prior years loss runs to estimate the average annual expected claims and review monthly loss runs to compare our estimates to actual claims. Lag period for reporting claims We review claims trends and use standard insurance industry loss models to develop reserves on reported claims in order to estimate the amount of incurred but unreported claims. 
 INCOME TAXES The Company accounts for its income taxes by recording taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. These expected future tax consequences are measured based on provisions of tax law as currently enacted; the effects of future changes in tax laws are not anticipated. Future tax law changes, such as a change in the corporate tax rate, could have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. On a periodic basis, we assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income and establish a related valuation allowance as appropriate. In performing our evaluation, we consider all available evidence, both positive and negative, to determine whether, based on the weight of the evidence, a valuation allowance is needed. Evidence used includes information about our current financial position and our results of operations for the current and preceding years, as well as all currently available information about future years, including our anticipated future performance, the reversal of deferred tax liabilities and tax planning strategies. When appropriate, we record a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets to offset future tax benefits that may not be realized. ASSUMPTIONS AND APPROACH USED. In determining whether a valuation allowance is appropriate, we consider whether it is more likely than not that all or some portion of our deferred tax assets will not be realized, based in part upon management s judgments regarding future events. In making that estimate we consider the following key factors: our current financial position; historical financial information; future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences; future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards; taxable income in prior carryback years; and tax planning strategies. 

 27 

Table of Contents 
 REVENUE RECOGNITION We recognize revenue in both our Wholesale Segment and our Retail Segment when the performance obligation is satisfied, which is the point at which control of the promised goods or services are transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to receive in exchange for those goods and services. For the majority of our customer arrangements, control transfers to customers at a point-in-time when goods have been delivered, as that is generally when legal title, physical possession and risks and rewards of goods and services transfers to the customer. Sales are shown net of returns, discounts, and sales incentives to customers. NATURE OF ESTIMATES REQUIRED. We estimate and reserve for anticipated sales discounts. We also estimate and provide a reserve for anticipated sales incentives to customers when earned under established program requirements. ASSUMPTIONS AND APPROACH USED. We estimate the sales reserves using the following criteria: Sales discounts We use historical experience to estimate the amount of accounts receivable that will not be collected due to customers taking advantage of authorized term discounts. Volume sales incentives We use historical experience in combination with quarterly reviews of customers sales progress in order to estimate the amount of volume incentives due to the customers on a periodic basis. 
 Our estimates and assumptions for each of the aforementioned critical accounting estimates have not changed materially during the periods presented, nor are we aware of any reasons that they would be reasonably likely to change in the future. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS Assets acquired and liabilities assumed as part of a business acquisition are generally recorded at their fair value at the date of acquisition. Determining fair value of identifiable assets acquired, particularly intangibles, and liabilities assumed also requires management to make estimates, which are based on all available information and in some cases assumptions with respect to the timing and amount of future revenues and expenses associated with an asset. NATURE OF ESTIMATES REQUIRED . We allocate the purchase price of acquired companies to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired, based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the purchase price over these fair values is recorded as goodwill. Such valuations require management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. ASSUMPTIONS AND APPROACH USED . Critical estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include but are not limited to the projected growth factors, future expected cash flows, discount rates, potential competitive and regulatory environment developments, and changes in the market for the Company s products and services. Management s estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. Additionally, estimates associated with the accounting for acquisitions may change as new information becomes available regarding the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. MANDATORILY REDEEMABLE NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST Mandatorily redeemable non-controlling interest represents the non-controlling interest in the Company s strategic investment in Team Sledd, LLC. NATURE OF ESTIMATES REQUIRED . We record the mandatorily redeemable non-controlling interest at fair value. This valuation requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to the timing of future redemptions and discount rates. ASSUMPTIONS AND APPROACH USED . Critical estimates in valuing the mandatorily redeemable non-controlling interest include but are not limited to the projected growth factors, future expected cash flows, discount rates, potential competitive and regulatory environment developments, and changes in the market for the Company s products and 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 services. Management s estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS Recent Accounting Pronouncements In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , which introduces a forward-looking approach, based on expected losses, to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments, including trade receivables. The estimate of expected credit losses will require entities to incorporate considerations of historical information, current information and reasonable and supportable forecasts. This ASU also expands the disclosure requirements to enable users of financial statements to understand the entity s assumptions, models and methods for estimating expected credit losses. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022 (fiscal 2024 for the Company) with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-13 to have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and other sections, contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties and which reflect management s current beliefs and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, Company performance and financial results. Forward-looking statements include information concerning the possible or assumed future results of operations of the Company and those statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words future, position, anticipate(s), expect(s), believe(s), see, plan, further improve, outlook, should or similar expressions. For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or results. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. It should be understood that the following important factors, in addition to those discussed elsewhere in this document, could affect the future results of the Company and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements: risks associated with higher interest rates or prolonged periods of higher interest rates and the related impact on demand, customer credit risk, profitability, and cash flows for both the Company and our customer base, particularly as it relates to variable interest rate borrowings, as well as the risk that such borrowings may not be renewed in the future on favorable terms or at all, risks associated with any systemic pressures in the banking system, particularly as they relate to customer credit risk and any resulting impact on our cash flow and our ability to collect on our receivables, risks associated with an inflationary operating environment, particularly as it relates to wages, fuel, interest, commodity prices, and customer credit risk which impact our operating cost structure and could impact food ingredient costs and demand for many of the products we sell, regulations, potential bans and/or litigation related to the manufacturing, distribution, and sale of certain cigarette, tobacco, and vaping products imposed by the FDA, state or local governmental agencies, or other parties, including proposed forthcoming regulations around the manufacture and distribution of certain menthol and flavored tobacco products, risks associated with the threat or occurrence of epidemics or pandemics (such as COVID-19 or its variants) or other public health issues, including the continued health of our employees and management, the reduced demand for our goods and services or increased credit risk from customer credit defaults resulting from an economic downturn, 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 risks associated with the imposition of governmental orders restricting our operations and the operations of our suppliers and customers, in particular, disruptions to our supply chain or our ability to procure products or fulfill orders due to labor shortages in our warehouse operations, risks associated with the Company s business model which experienced both higher sales volumes and labor costs, during the COVID-19 pandemic, and the risk of sales returning to pre-pandemic levels without the Company being able to offset increases in its cost structure, risks associated with the acquisition of assets, new businesses or equity investments by either of our business segments including, but not limited to, risks associated with consummating such transactions on expected terms or timing, purchase price and business valuation and recording risks, and risks related to the assumption of certain liabilities or obligations, risks associated with the integration of new businesses or equity investments by either of our business segments including, but not limited to, risks associated with vendor and customer retention, technology integration, and the potential loss of any key management personnel or employees, 
 increasing competition and market conditions in our wholesale and retail health food businesses and any associated impact on the carrying value and any potential impairment of assets (including intangible assets) within those businesses, risk that our repositioning strategy for our retail business will not be successful, risks associated with opening new retail stores, if online shopping formats such as Amazon continue to grow in popularity and further disrupt traditional sales channels, it may present a significant direct risk to our brick and mortar retail business and potentially to our wholesale distribution business, the potential impact that ongoing, decreasing, or changing trade tariffs and trade policies may have on our product costs or on consumer disposable income and demand, increasing product and operational costs resulting from ongoing supply chain disruptions, an intensely competitive labor market with a limited pool of qualified workers, and higher incremental costs associated with the handling and transportation of certain product categories such as foodservice, increases in state and federal excise taxes on cigarette and tobacco products and the potential impact on demand, particularly as it relates to current legislation under consideration which could significantly increase such taxes, risks associated with disruptions to our technology systems or those of third parties upon which we rely, including security breaches, cyber and ransomware attacks, malware, or other methods by which such information systems could or may have been compromised or impacted, increases in inventory carrying costs and customer credit risks, changes in pricing strategies and/or promotional/incentive programs offered by cigarette and tobacco manufacturers, changing demand for the Company s products, particularly cigarette, tobacco and vaping products, risks that product manufacturers may begin selling directly to convenience stores and bypass wholesale distributors, changes in laws and regulations and ongoing compliance related to health care and associated insurance, 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 increasing health care costs for both the Company and consumers and its potential impact on discretionary consumer spending, decreased availability of capital resources, domestic regulatory and legislative risks, poor weather conditions, and the adverse effects of climate change, consolidation trends within the convenience store, wholesale distribution, and retail health food industries, risks associated with labor disputes (strikes), natural disasters, domestic/political unrest and incidents of violence, or any restrictions, regulations, or security measures implemented by governmental bodies in response to these items, and other risks over which the Company has little or no control, and any other factors not identified herein. Changes in these factors could result in significantly different results. Consequently, future results may differ from management s expectations. Moreover, past financial performance should not be considered a reliable indicator of future performance. Any forward-looking statement contained herein is made as of the date of this document. Except as required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or correct any of these forward-looking statements in the future to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of material events or changes in future operating results, financial conditions or business over time. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Not applicable. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Index to 2023 and 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID# 33 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 2023 and September 2022 35 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Fiscal Years Ended September 2023 and September 2022 36 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Fiscal Years Ended September 2023 and September 2022 37 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Fiscal Years Ended September 2023 and September 2022 38 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 39 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 REPOR T OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of AMCON Distributing Company Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AMCON Distributing Company and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Acquisition of Henry s Foods, Inc. As described in Note 2 to the financial statements, in February 2023, the Company acquired substantially all of the operating assets of Henry s Foods, Inc. Henry s for cash consideration of approximately 54.9 million. The transaction was accounted for in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805 Business Combinations and the Company measured the acquisition-date fair value of Henry s using a discounted cash flow methodology. The model requires management to make significant assumptions, which include estimates of sales growth, gross profit, and the discount rate. Management also made significant judgments regarding the estimates of fair value of the acquired property and equipment. We identified the determination of the fair value of identifiable intangible assets and property and equipment acquired in the Henry s acquisition as a critical audit matter because of the significant assumptions used by the Company in 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 determining fair value, including estimates of sales growth, gross profit, the discount rate, and the fair value of the property and equipment. Auditing management s assumptions of sales growth, gross profit estimates, the discount rate, and fair value of acquired property and equipment involves a high degree of auditor judgment. Our audit procedures related to the determination of the fair value of identifiable intangible assets and property and equipment acquired in the Henry s acquisition included the following, among others: With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the valuation methodology and discount rates utilized by management by testing the relevance and reliability of source information underlying the determination of the discount rate and testing the mathematical accuracy of the calculation. We tested the reasonableness of management s forecasts of future sales growth and gross profit projections by comparing the forecasts to historical results and available market data. With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the valuation methodology and evaluated the fair values assigned to acquired property and equipment by: o Testing the relevance and reliability of source information underlying the determination of fair value and comparing to available market data o Comparing management s estimates to independent estimates /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2006. November 8, 2023 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 AMCON Distributing Company and Subsidiaries CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET S 

September September 2023 2022 ASSETS Current assets: Cash Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of million at September 2023 and million at September 2022 Inventories, net Income taxes receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Accrued wages, salaries and bonuses Current operating lease liabilities Current maturities of long-term debt Current mandatorily redeemable non-controlling interest Total current liabilities Credit facilities Deferred income tax liability, net Long-term operating lease liabilities Long-term debt, less current maturities Mandatorily redeemable non-controlling interest, less current portion Other long-term liabilities Shareholders equity: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares outstanding at September 2023 and shares outstanding at September 2022 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock at cost ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 AMCON Distributing Company and Subsidiaries CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATION S 

Fiscal Years Ended September 2023 2022 Sales (including excise taxes of million and million, respectively) Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Operating income Other expense (income): Interest expense Change in fair value of mandatorily redeemable non-controlling interest Other (income), net ) ) Income from operations before income taxes Income tax expense Equity method investment earnings, net of tax Net income available to common shareholders Basic earnings per share available to common shareholders Diluted earnings per share available to common shareholders Basic weighted average shares outstanding Diluted weighted average shares outstanding Dividends paid per common share The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 AMCON Distributing Company and Subsidiaries CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUIT Y 

Additional Common Stock Treasury Stock Paid-in Retained Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Earnings Total Balance, October 1, 2021 ) ) Dividends on common stock, per share ) ) Compensation expense and issuance of stock in connection with equity-based awards Net income available to common shareholders Balance, September 30, 2022 ) ) Dividends on common stock, per share ) ) Compensation expense and issuance of stock in connection with equity-based awards Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Net income available to common shareholders Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 AMCON Distributing Company and Subsidiaries CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW S 

September September 2023 2022 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income available to common shareholders Adjustments to reconcile net income available to common shareholders to net cash flows from (used in) operating activities: Depreciation Amortization Equity method investment earnings, net of tax ) Gain on re-valuation of equity method investment to fair value ) (Gain) loss on sales of property and equipment ) ) Equity-based compensation Deferred income taxes Provision for losses on doubtful accounts ) ) Inventory allowance ) Change in fair value of mandatorily redeemable non-controlling interest Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of business acquisition: Accounts receivable ) Inventories ) Prepaid and other current assets ) ) Equity method investment distributions Other assets ) ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses and accrued wages, salaries and bonuses Other long-term liabilities ) Income taxes payable and receivable ) ) Net cash flows from (used in) operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sales of property and equipment Principal payment received on note receivable Cash acquired in business combination Acquisition of Henry s (See Note 2) ) Net cash flows from (used in) investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Borrowings under revolving credit facilities Repayments under revolving credit facilities ) ) Proceeds from borrowings on long-term debt Principal payments on long-term debt ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Repurchase of common stock ) Dividends on common stock ) ) Settlement and withholdings of equity-based awards ) Redemption and distributions to non-controlling interest ) ) Net cash flows from (used in) financing activities ) Net change in cash ) Cash, beginning of period Cash, end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for interest Cash paid during the period for income taxes, net of refunds Supplemental disclosure of non-cash information: Equipment acquisitions classified in accounts payable Effect of business acquisition (See Note 2) Issuance of common stock in connection with the vesting and exercise of equity-based awards The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements . 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS states and is primarily engaged in the wholesale distribution of consumer products in the Central, Rocky Mountain, Mid-South and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States. AMCON s wholesale distribution business includes distribution centers that sell approximately different consumer products, including cigarettes and tobacco products, candy and other confectionery, beverages, groceries, paper products, health and beauty care products, frozen and refrigerated products and institutional foodservice products. The Company distributes products primarily to retailers such as convenience stores, discount and general merchandise stores, grocery stores, drug stores, and gas stations. In addition, the Company services institutional customers, including restaurants and bars, schools, sports complexes, as well as other wholesalers. AMCON, through its Healthy Edge Inc. subsidiary, operates retail health food stores as Chamberlin s Natural Foods, Akin s Natural Foods, and Earth Origins Market. These stores carry natural supplements, organic and natural groceries, health and beauty care products, and other food items. The Company s operations are subject to a number of factors which are beyond the control of management, such as changes in manufacturers cigarette pricing, state excise tax increases, or the opening of competing retail stores in close proximity to the Company s retail stores. While the Company sells a diversified product line, it remains dependent upon the sale of cigarettes which accounted for approximately and of the Company s consolidated revenue during fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively, and and of the Company s consolidated gross profit during fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. million and million, respectively, and reflect checks drawn on the disbursing accounts that have been issued but have not yet cleared through the banking system. The Company s policy has been to fund these outstanding checks as they clear with borrowings under its revolving credit facilities (see Note 7). These outstanding checks (book overdrafts) are classified as cash flows from operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 million and million, respectively. million and million at September 2023 and September 2022, respectively. These reserves include the Company s obsolescence allowance, which reflects estimated unsaleable or non-refundable inventory based upon an evaluation of slow moving and discontinued products. Prepaid inventory Prepaid inventory represents inventory in-transit that has been paid for but not received. - Buildings and improvements - Warehouse equipment - Furniture, fixtures and leasehold improvements - Vehicles - Costs and accumulated depreciation applicable to assets retired or sold are eliminated from the accounts, and the resulting gains or losses are reported as a component of operating income. The Company reviews property and equipment for indicators of impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group are estimated over the asset s useful life of the primary asset and based on updated projections on an undiscounted basis. If the evaluation indicates that the carrying value of the asset group may not be recoverable, the potential impairment is determined based on the amount by which the carrying value of the asset group exceeds the fair value of the asset group. During fiscal , the Company recorded an impairment of fixed assets in an amount less than million as a result of Hurricane Ian. There was impairment of any property and equipment during fiscal 2023. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 . See Note 13 Business Segments for the disaggregation of net sales for each of our business segments. million to its workers compensation insurance carrier as part of its loss control program. The reserve for incurred, but not reported, employee health care benefits is calculated using the Company s historical claims experience rate, plus specific reserves for large claims. The reserves associated with the exposure to these liabilities are reviewed by management for adequacy at the end of each reporting period. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 year or less. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 million in cash to acquire substantially all of the operating assets of Henry s, a wholesale distributor to convenience stores and other retail formats operating in Minnesota, North Dakota, South Dakota, Iowa, and Wisconsin. In connection with the transaction, the Company also assumed certain operating liabilities totaling approximately million, including approximately million of operating leases. The transaction was funded with borrowings from the Company s existing bank group. Costs to effectuate the acquisition were not significant and were expensed as incurred. Strategically, the acquisition expands the Company s footprint in the North Central portion of the United States and enhances the product and service offerings available to its customer base. The Company paid cash consideration for the net acquired assets and their related values as of the acquisition date, measured in accordance with FASB ASC 805. In valuing identifiable intangible assets, the Company has estimated the fair value using the discounted cash flows methodology with the assistance of an independent valuation advisor. Inputs and projections used to measure the fair value as of the acquisition date included, but were not limited to, sales growth, gross profit estimates, royalty and customer retention rates, economic and industry conditions, working capital requirements and various other operational considerations. Henry s is being reported as a component of the Company s Wholesale Segment. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Inventories Prepaid and other assets Property and equipment Other intangible assets Liabilities assumed ) Total identifiable net assets Total identifiable net assets Goodwill Consideration transferred Accounts receivable were recorded at their fair value representing the amount we expect to collect, which also approximated the gross contractual values of such receivables at the acquisition date. Goodwill totaling approximately million arose from the acquisition and primarily represents synergies and economies of scale generated through reductions in selling, general, and administrative expenses. This goodwill has been assigned to the Company s Wholesale Segment and is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. Other intangible assets acquired consisted of the following: Non-competition agreement Trade name The following table sets forth the unaudited supplemental financial data for Henry s from the acquisition date through September 2023, which is included in the Company s consolidated results for fiscal 2023. Net income available to common shareholders Team Sledd, LLC The Company and Chas. M. Sledd Company Sledd ), a West Virginia wholesale distributor serving the convenience store industry, jointly own and operate Team Sledd, a limited liability company which owns and operates Sledd s wholesale distribution business. Pursuant to an operating agreement between the Company and Sledd, certain membership interests in Team Sledd may be redeemed over a period of years, with such redemptions being funded from the operations of Team Sledd. Any such redemptions would result in a corresponding increase in AMCON s ownership percentage in Team Sledd. In May 2022 (the Control Date ), Team Sledd redeemed additional membership interests from certain members. Prior to May 2022, the Company had a minority interest in Team Sledd, which had been accounted for under the equity method. As a result of the May 2022 redemption, the Company became the majority owner of Team Sledd with a controlling interest of approximately . The Company provided no additional consideration to acquire control of Team Sledd. The costs incurred to effectuate the acquisition were not significant and were expensed as incurred. The acquisition expands the Company s footprint and enhances our ability to service customers in the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 million, which resulted in a gain of approximately million related to the fair value remeasurement of the Company s ownership interest in Team Sledd. The gain was recorded as a component of other income in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations for fiscal 2022. In connection with the transaction, the Company recorded a deferred tax liability of approximately million which will be recognized in future periods when the associated taxes become due. Inputs used to measure the acquisition-date fair value of the Company s previously held equity interest and the related non-controlling interest in the entity included sales growth, gross profit estimates, economic and industry conditions, working capital requirements and the contractual requirements of the operating agreement. Team Sledd is being reported as a component of the Company s Wholesale Segment. The following tables summarize the acquisition-date fair value of Team Sledd, the fair value of Team Sledd s assets and liabilities at the Control Date, and the resulting goodwill. Acquisition-date fair value of previously held interest Fair value of Team Sledd at the Control Date 

Amounts of identifiable assets and liabilities at fair value: Cash Accounts receivable Inventories Prepaid and other current assets Property and equipment Operating lease right-of use assets Other intangible assets Other assets Liabilities assumed ) Total identifiable net assets Goodwill Accounts receivable were recorded at their fair value representing the amount we expect to collect. Gross contractual amounts receivable were approximately million more than their acquisition-date fair value. Goodwill totaling approximately million arose from the acquisition and primarily represents synergies and economies of scale generated through reductions in selling, general, and administrative expenses. This goodwill has been assigned to the Company s Wholesale Segment and is deductible for tax purposes. Other intangible assets acquired consisted of the following: Non-competition agreement 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Gross profit Net income before income taxes Net income attributable to AMCON, net of tax The following table sets forth the unaudited supplemental financial data for Team Sledd from the Control Date through September 2022, which is included in the Company s consolidated results for fiscal 2022. Net income available to common shareholders The following table presents unaudited supplemental pro forma information assuming the Company acquired Henry s on October 1, 2021, in addition to holding a interest in Team Sledd on October 1, 2021. These pro forma amounts do not purport to be indicative of the actual results that would have been obtained had the acquisitions occurred at that time. Net income available to common shareholders Net income available to common shareholders Net earnings per share available to common shareholders For Fiscal Years 2023 2022 Diluted Diluted Weighted average number of common shares outstanding Weighted average of net additional shares outstanding assuming dilutive options exercised and proceeds used to purchase treasury stock (1) Weighted average number of shares outstanding Net income available to common shareholders Net earnings per share available to common shareholders 

 (1) Diluted earnings per share calculation includes all equity-based awards deemed to be dilutive. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Buildings and improvements Warehouse equipment Furniture, fixtures and leasehold improvements Vehicles Construction in progress Less accumulated depreciation: ) ) Property and equipment, net During fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively, the Company capitalized approximately million and million of interest on funds borrowed to finance certain capital expenditures. Capitalized interest is recorded as part of an asset s cost and will be depreciated over the asset s useful life. or the applicable lease agreement, with the exercise of such options at the Company s discretion. The Company s leases do not contain any significant residual value guarantees nor do they impose any significant restrictions or covenants other than those customarily found in similar types of leases. The operating ROU lease assets and liabilities recorded on the Company s consolidated balance sheets consist of fixed lease payments. Leases with an initial term of twelve months or less are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheets and are expensed on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Additionally, certain leases contain variable payments such as vehicle leases with per-mile charges or retail leases with an additional rent payment based on store performance. These variable payments are expensed as incurred. The Company combines lease components and non-lease components for all asset classes for purposes of recognizing lease assets and liabilities. The Company determines its incremental borrowing rates based on information available at the lease commencement date in calculating the present value of lease payments. The Company reviews its ROU lease assets for indicators of impairment in the same manner as its other property and equipment as described in Note 1. Leases consist of the following: Liabilities Current: Operating Operating lease liabilities Non-current: Operating Long-term operating lease liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Net lease cost Maturities of lease liabilities as of September 2023 were as follows: 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total lease payments Less: interest ) Present value of lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term and weighted-average discount rate information regarding the Company s leases were as follows: Discount Rate Weighted-average discount rate: Operating Other information regarding the Company s leases were as follows: Lease liabilities arising from obtaining new ROU assets: Operating leases Acquisitions (See Note 2) Balance, end of period 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 million at September 2023 and less than million at September 2022) Non-competition agreements (Wholesale Segment) (less accumulated amortization of million at September 2023 and less than million at September 2022) Tradename (Wholesale Segment) (less accumulated amortization of million at September 2023) Trademarks and tradenames (Retail Segment) Goodwill, trademarks and tradenames are considered to have indefinite useful lives and therefore no amortization has been taken on these assets. Goodwill recorded on the Company s consolidated balance sheets represents amounts allocated to its wholesale reporting unit which totaled approximately million and million at September 2023 and September 2022, respectively. The Company determined that the estimated fair value of its wholesale reporting unit exceeded its carrying value at both September 2023 and September 2022. At September 2023, identifiable intangible assets considered to have finite lives were represented by customer lists which are being amortized over , a non-competition agreement which is being amortized over , a non-competition agreement which is being amortized over , and a tradename in our Wholesale Segment that is being amortized over . These intangible assets are evaluated for accelerated attrition or amortization adjustments if warranted. Amortization expense related to these assets was million and million during fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. Estimated future amortization expense related to identifiable intangible assets with finite lives was as follows at September 2023: Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Fiscal 2029 and thereafter credit facility agreements (a) a facility that is an obligation of AMCON Distributing Company (the AMCON Facility ), (b) a facility that is an obligation of Team Sledd (the Team Sledd Facility and (c) a facility that is an obligation of Henry s (the Henry s Facility ), and collectively together (the Facilities and long-term debt agreements with banks. The Team Sledd Facility and the Henry s Facility are non- recourse to AMCON Distributing Company, are not guaranteed by AMCON Distributing Company and have cross default provisions applicable to AMCON Distributing Company. In Q3 2023, the Company amended the Team Sledd Facility, increasing its aggregate borrowing capacity from million to million, extending the maturity date to March 2028, and adding certain real estate property as eligible borrowing collateral under the agreement. At September 2023, the Facilities had a total combined borrowing capacity of million, including provisions for up to million in credit advances for certain inventory purchases, which are limited by accounts receivable and inventory qualifications, and the value of certain real estate collateral. The Henry s Facility matures in February 2026, the AMCON Facility matures in June 2027 and the Team Sledd Facility matures in March 2028, each without a penalty for prepayment. Obligations under the Facilities are collateralized by substantially all of the Company s respective equipment, intangibles, inventories, accounts receivable, and certain real estate. The Facilities each feature an unused commitment fee and 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 million, of which million was outstanding, leaving million available. The average interest rate of the Facilities was at September 2023. During fiscal 2023, the peak borrowings under the Facilities was million, and the average borrowings and average availability under the Facilities was million and million, respectively. LONG-TERM DEBT In addition to the Facilities, the Company also had the following long-term obligations at September 2023 and September 2022. with quarterly installments of principal and interest of through June 2023 with remaining principal due September 2023 Note payable, interest payable at a fixed rate of with monthly installments of principal and interest of through June 2033 with remaining principal due July 2033, collateralized by Team Sledd s principal office and warehouse Note payable, interest payable at a fixed rate of with monthly installments of principal and interest of through August 2034 with remaining principal due September 2034, collateralized by Team Sledd s principal office and warehouse Note payable with monthly installments of principal and interest of through February 2025 with remaining principal due March 2025, and an effective variable rate of at September 2023, collateralized by certain of Team Sledd s equipment Note payable, interest payable at a fixed rate of with monthly installments of principal and interest of through February 2028, collateralized by certain of Henry s equipment Less current maturities ) ) The aggregate minimum principal maturities of the long-term debt for each of the next five fiscal years are as follows: 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Market rate risk for fixed rate debt is estimated as the potential increase in fair value of debt obligations resulting from decreases in interest rates. Based on the borrowing rates currently available to the Company for bank loans with similar terms and average maturities, the fair value of the Company s long-term debt approximated its carrying value at September 2023. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 notes payable and the Team Sledd Facility contain cross default provisions. The Henry s note payable and the Henry s Facility contain cross default provisions. There were such cross defaults for either Team Sledd or Henry s at September 2023. Additionally, the Team Sledd Facility and the Henry s Facility are non-recourse to AMCON Distributing Company, are not guaranteed by AMCON Distributing Company and have cross default provisions applicable to AMCON Distributing Company. The Company and its subsidiaries, including Team Sledd and Henry s, were in compliance with all of the financial covenants under the respective Facilities at September 2023. Other The Company has issued a letter of credit for million to its workers compensation insurance carrier as part of its self-insured loss control program . Current: State Deferred: Federal Deferred: State Income tax expense The difference between the Company s income tax expense in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the amount that would be calculated using the statutory income tax rate of for both fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 on income from operations before income taxes is as follows: Nondeductible business expenses State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit Tax attributable to non-controlling interest ) ) Other ) 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 Accrued expenses Inventory Other Interest expense limitation Net operating loss carry forwards - state Total gross deferred tax assets Less: Valuation allowance ) ) Total net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Trade discounts Operating lease, right-of-use assets Property and equipment Goodwill Other Intangible assets Total deferred tax liabilities Total net deferred income tax liability The Company had a valuation allowance of approximately million at both September 2023 and September 2022, against certain state net operating losses, which more likely than not will not be utilized. The Company had no material unrecognized tax benefits, interest, or penalties during fiscal 2023 or fiscal 2022, and the Company does not anticipate any such items during the next twelve months. The Company s policy is to record interest and penalties directly related to income taxes as income tax expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. and various states and the tax years 2020 and forward remain open under U.S. and state statutes. as of September 2023. The Company owned approximately of Team Sledd as of September 2022. The Company has elected to present the MRNCI liability at fair value under ASC 825 as it believes this best represents the potential future liability and cash flows. As such, the MRNCI balance at September 2023 represents the fair value of the remaining future membership interest redemptions and other amounts due to noncontrolling interest holders through April 2026. At September 2023, the difference between the contractual amount due under the MRNCI and the fair value was approximately million. The following table presents changes in the fair value of the MRNCI since September 2022: Redemption of non-controlling interests ) Distributions to non-controlling interest ) Change in fair value Fair value of MRNCI as of September 2023 Less current portion at fair value ) 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 profit sharing plans (i.e., section 401(k) plans) covering substantially all employees. One plan the AMCON Plan covers the employees not employed by Team Sledd. The other plan (the Team Sledd Plan and together with the AMCON Plan, the Plans covers the employees of Team Sledd. The Plans allow employees to make voluntary contributions up to of their compensation, subject to Internal Revenue Service limits. Under the AMCON Plan, the Company matches of the first contributed and of the next contributed for a maximum match of of employee compensation. Under the Team Sledd Plan, the Company matches of employee contributions up to . The Company made matching contributions (net of employee forfeitures) to the Plans of approximately million in fiscal 2023 and million in fiscal 2022. million at September 2023 and million at September 2022. These amounts are included in accrued expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. While the ultimate amount of claims incurred is dependent on future developments, in the Company s opinion, recorded reserves are adequate to cover the future payment of claims previously incurred. However, it is possible that recorded reserves may not be adequate to cover the future payment of claims. Adjustments, if any, to claims estimates previously recorded, resulting from actual claim payments, are reflected in operations in the periods in which such adjustments are known. Charged to expense Payments ) ) Ending balance equity-based incentive plans, the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan, the 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan, and the 2022 Omnibus Incentive Plan (collectively the Omnibus Plans ), which provide for equity incentives to employees. Each Omnibus Plan was designed with the intent of encouraging employees to acquire a vested interest in the growth and performance of the Company. The Omnibus Plans together permit the issuance of up to shares of the Company s common stock in the form of stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, performance share awards as well as awards such as stock appreciation rights, performance units, performance shares, bonus shares, and dividend share awards payable in the form of common stock or cash. The number of shares issuable under the Omnibus Plans is subject to customary adjustments in the event of stock splits, stock dividends, and certain other distributions on 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 shares, net of forfeitures, had been awarded pursuant to the Omnibus Plans and awards with respect to another shares may be awarded under the Omnibus Plans. Restricted Stock Units At September 2023, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors had authorized and approved the following restricted stock unit awards to members of the Company s management team pursuant to the provisions of the Company s Omnibus Plans: Service period: Estimated fair value of award at grant date: Non-vested awards outstanding at September 2023: Fair value of non-vested awards at September 2023 of approximately: 

 (1) of the restricted stock units were vested as of September 2023. The remaining restricted stock units will vest in October 2023. There is direct cost to the recipients of the restricted stock units, except for any applicable taxes. The recipients of the restricted stock units are entitled to the customary adjustments in the event of stock splits, stock dividends, and certain other distributions on the Company s common stock. All cash dividends and/or distributions payable to restricted stock recipients will be held in escrow until all the conditions of vesting have been met. The restricted stock units provide that the recipients can elect, at their option, to receive either common stock in the Company, or a cash settlement based upon the closing price of the Company s shares, at the time of vesting. Based on these award provisions, the compensation expense recorded in the Company s Statement of Operations reflects the straight-line amortized fair value based on the liability method under ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation . Income from operations before income taxes included compensation expense related to the amortization of the Company s restricted stock unit awards of approximately million during fiscal 2023 and million during fiscal 2022. These amounts were recorded as accrued expenses in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets at both September 2023 and September 2022. The tax benefit related to this compensation expense was approximately million in fiscal 2023 and million in fiscal 2022. The total intrinsic value of restricted stock units vested during fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 was approximately million and million, respectively. At September 2023, there was unamortized compensation expense for these awards based on the grant date fair value. The following summarizes restricted stock unit activity under the Omnibus Plans during fiscal 2023: Granted Vested ) Expired Nonvested restricted stock units at September 2023 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Service period: Estimated fair value of award at grant date: Non-vested awards outstanding at September 2023: Fair value of non-vested awards at September 2023 of approximately: 

 (1) of the restricted stock awards were vested as of September 2023. restricted stock awards will vest in October 2023 and will vest in October 2024. (2) The restricted stock awards will vest in equal amounts in October 2023, October 2024 and October 2025. There is direct cost to the recipients of the restricted stock awards, except for any applicable taxes. The restricted stock awards provide that the recipients receive common stock in the Company, subject to certain restrictions until such time as the awards vest. The recipients of the restricted stock awards are entitled to the customary adjustments in the event of stock splits, stock dividends, and certain other distributions on the Company s common stock. All cash dividends and/or distributions payable to restricted stock recipients will be held in escrow until all the conditions of vesting have been met. The compensation expense recorded in the Company s Statement of Operations reflects the straight-line amortized fair value. The following summarizes restricted stock award activity under the Omnibus Plans during fiscal 2023: Granted Vested ) Expired Nonvested restricted stock awards at September 2023 Income from operations before income taxes included compensation expense related to the amortization of the Company s restricted stock awards of approximately million during fiscal 2023 and million during fiscal 2022. The tax benefit related to this compensation expense was approximately million in fiscal 2023 and million in fiscal 2022. At September 2023, total unamortized compensation expense related to restricted stock awards was approximately million. This unamortized compensation expense is expected to be amortized over approximately the next . reportable business segments: the wholesale distribution of consumer products which includes Team Sledd and Henry s (the Wholesale Segment), and the retail sale of health and natural food products (the Retail Segment). The aggregation of the Company s business operations into these business segments was based on a range of considerations including but not limited to the characteristics of each business, similarities in the nature and type of products sold, customer classes, methods used to sell the products and economic profiles. Included in the Other column are intercompany eliminations, equity method investment earnings, net of tax and assets held and charges incurred and income earned by our holding company. The segments are evaluated on revenues, gross margins, operating income (loss), and income (loss) from operations before taxes. Certain amounts in prior year periods have been reclassified to conform with the current presentation. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 Tobacco Confectionery Health food Foodservice other Total external revenue Depreciation Amortization Operating income (loss) ) ) Interest expense Income (loss) from operations before taxes ) Total assets Capital expenditures 

Wholesale Retail Segment Segment Other Consolidated FISCAL YEAR ENDED 2022: External revenue: Cigarettes Tobacco Confectionery Health food Foodservice other Total external revenue Depreciation Amortization Operating income (loss) ) Interest expense Income (loss) from operations before taxes ) Equity method investment earnings, net of tax Total assets Capital expenditures shares of its common stock during fiscal 2023 for cash totaling approximately million. The Company did not repurchase any shares of its common stock during fiscal 2022. All repurchased shares were recorded in treasury stock at cost. shares of restricted stock to members of the Company s executive management team, which include a graded vesting schedule. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s SEC rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As required by Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) under the Exchange Act, an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2023 was made under the supervision and with the participation of our senior management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer. Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and fraud. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management s override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and the dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that our transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with appropriate authorizations; and 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance and may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Further, because of changes in conditions, effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting may vary over time. We have completed our evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting as required by Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley and Item 308(a) of Regulation S-K. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, we assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO 2013). Based on its assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2023. This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Other than the ongoing implementation of internal controls over financial reporting related to the acquisition of Henry s Foods, Inc., Henry s there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2023, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. On February 3, 2023, the Company completed its acquisition of Henry s. The Company is in the process of evaluating the existing controls and procedures of Henry s and integrating Henry s into the internal control over financial reporting processes of the Company. In accordance with SEC Staff guidance permitting a company to exclude an acquired business from management s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting for the year in which the acquisition is completed, the Company has excluded Henry s from the assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023. Henry s accounted for 59.7 million of our consolidated total assets and 220.6 million of our consolidated sales as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The scope of management s assessment of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2023 includes all of the Company s consolidated operations except for those disclosure controls and procedures of Henry s that are included in internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION Executive Change in Control Severance Plan On November 6, 2023, the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors adopted and approved the AMCON Distributing Company Executive Change in Control Severance Plan, effective as of November 6, 2023 (the Severance Plan ). The Severance Plan is intended to be a top-hat welfare benefit plan under ERISA. The primary purpose of the Severance Plan is to provide financial protection to certain executives of the Company, including the Company s named executive officers, in the event of their qualifying termination of employment in connection with a change in control of the Company. The Compensation Committee of the Board serves as the administrator (the Administrator of the Severance Plan and selects those executive officers of the Company who will be eligible to participate in the Severance Plan (the Eligible Executives ). The Severance Plan replaces and supersedes any prior severance-related agreements between the Company and any Eligible Executives, including that certain severance letter agreement between the Company and our Chief 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 Executive Officer, dated December 29, 2006. Any benefits received by an Eligible Executive pursuant to the Severance Plan will be in lieu of any general severance policy or other change in control severance plan maintained by the Company. Eligible Executives are entitled to certain benefits under the Severance Plan if the Eligible Executive experiences a Qualifying CIC Termination as such term is defined under the Severance Plan. A Qualifying CIC Termination is generally defined to be (i) an involuntary termination of an Eligible Executive s Employment with the Company without Cause and other than as a result of the Eligible Executive s death or Disability or (ii) a voluntary termination of an Eligible Executive s employment by the Eligible Executive as a result of Good Reason, in each case, occurring during the term of the plan or for two years following a Change in Control or during the pendency of a Potential Change in Control (as each such capitalized term is defined under the Severance Plan). If an Eligible Executive experiences a Qualifying CIC Termination, the Eligible Executive will, within the five-day period following the Eligible Executive s termination date, be paid a cash severance payment in an amount equal to the sum of: two times (in the case of our named executive officers, and one times or one-half times for other Eligible Executives) the Eligible Executive s annual base salary as of the Eligible Executive s termination date (or, in the event the Eligible Executive has terminated his or her employment with Good Reason attributable to a material diminution of his or her base salary, the base salary in effect immediately before such reduction) two times (in the case of our named executive officers, and one times or one-half times for other Eligible Executives) the greater of (i) the amount of the bonus the Eligible Executive would have received under the Company s annual bonus plan for the year in which the Eligible Executive s termination date occurred, if an at target level of performance was achieved for the plan year and the Eligible Executive had remained employed through the end of the plan year or (ii) the average actual bonus that the Eligible Executive received during the two immediately preceding full annual bonus period cycles; the pro rata portion of the amount of the annual bonus the Eligible Executive would have received under the Company s annual bonus plan for the year in which the Eligible Executive s termination date occurred, if an at target level of performance was achieved for the plan year and the Eligible Executive had remained employed through the end of the plan year; and the aggregate COBRA continuation premium cost of 24 months of coverage under the Company s health, vision, and dental plans for the Eligible Executive and his or her dependents, if any, that were enrolled in such plans before the termination. 
 In addition, immediately before the Eligible Executive s termination date, all equity awards held by an Eligible Executive will vest, without regard to any vesting schedule, restriction or performance target, and automatically become fully exercisable, fully vested or fully payable, as the case may be. The Severance Plan does not provide for a gross-up payment to the Eligible Executive in the event that the Eligible Executive is subject to an excise tax under Internal Revenue Code Section 4999(a). The Severance Plan contains provisions for adjustment to the timing of payments to minimize accelerated or additional tax pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 409A. Claims for benefits under the Severance Plan are governed by the Severance Plan s claims procedure. The Severance Plan became effective on November 6, 2023, and will continue in effect until terminated by the Administrator in accordance with the terms of the plan. The Administrator may amend the Severance Plan from time to time; provided that if such an amendment would materially and adversely affect the rights of certain Eligible Executives, the Company must obtain the Eligible Executive s written consent to the amendment for certain specified periods of time. The Administrator also has the authority to construe and interpret the terms of the Severance Plan provided such interpretations are made in good faith and consistent with the terms and conditions of the plan. The foregoing summary of the Severance Plan does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Severance Plan, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference . 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 Indemnification Agreements On November 6, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors approved a form of indemnification agreement (the Indemnification Agreement to be entered into with each of the Company s directors and executive officers. The Board also authorized the Company to enter into Indemnification Agreements with future directors and executive officers of the Company that may be designated from time to time by the Board. The Indemnification Agreement supplements and clarifies existing indemnification provisions of the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-laws and, in general, requires the Company, to the extent permitted under applicable law, to indemnify such persons against all expenses, judgments and fines incurred in connection with the defense or settlement of any actions brought against them by reason of the fact that they are or were directors, officers, employees or agents of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company or are or were serving at the request of the Company in certain capacities for any other enterprise. The Indemnification Agreement also establishes processes and procedures for indemnification claims, advancement of expenses and costs and other determinations with respect to indemnification. The foregoing summary of the Indemnification Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Indemnification Agreement, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. Amended and Restated Bylaws On November 6, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors approved an amendment to Section 2 of Article V (Indemnification) of the Company s Amended and Restated By-laws to reduce the time periods in which an indemnitee may bring suit to enforce the indemnitee s rights under Article V in the event that the Company fails to pay a claim within the time periods specified thereunder. The foregoing summary of the amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated By-laws does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Company s Amended and Restated By-laws, as amended by the Board of Directors on November 6, 2023, a copy of which (marked to show changes from the prior version) is filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 PART II I ITEM 10. DIRECTOR S, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The Registrant s Proxy Statement to be used in connection with the January 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Proxy Statement will contain under the captions Item 1: Election of Directors What is the structure of our board and how often are directors elected? , Item 1: Election of Directors Who are this year s nominees? , Item 1: Election of Directors What is the business experience of the nominees and of our continuing board members and the basis for the conclusion that each such person should serve on our board? , Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports , Corporate Governance and Board Matters Code of Ethics , and Corporate Governance and Board Matters Committees of the Board Audit Committee , certain information required by Item 10 of Form 10-K and such information is incorporated herein by this reference. The information appearing under the caption Executive Officers of the Registrant in Part I of this report also is incorporated herein by reference. Our Board of Directors has adopted a code of ethical conduct that applies to our executive officers, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer. This code of ethical conduct is available without charge to any person who requests it by writing to our corporate secretary. It also is available on our internet website (www.amcon.com) by clicking on the Corporate Governance tab under Investor Relations . Any substantive amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of this code that applies to our principal executive officer or principal financial officer will be disclosed on our internet website and, if required by rules of the SEC or NYSE American, in the reports we file with the SEC. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The Registrant s Proxy Statement will contain under the captions Executive Compensation and Related Matters and Corporate Governance and Board Matters Director Compensation the information required by Item 11 of Form 10-K, and such information is incorporated herein by this reference. Rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission permit the Company to omit the disclosure contemplated by Item 407(e)(4) and (e)(5) relating to Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation and Compensation Committee Report , respectively, and this annual report does not include such disclosure. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The Registrant s Proxy Statement will contain under the captions Ownership of Our Common Stock by Our Directors and Executive Officers and Other Principal Stockholders and Executive Compensation and Related Matters Equity Compensation Plan Information the information required by Item 12 of Form 10-K and such information is incorporated herein by this reference. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The Registrant s Proxy Statement will contain under the captions Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions , Item 1: Election of Directors What is the structure of our board and how often are directors elected? and Corporate Governance and Board Matters Committees of the Board , the information required by Item 13 of Form 10-K and such information is incorporated herein by this reference. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The Registrant s Proxy Statement will contain under the caption Independent Auditor Fees and Services , the information required by Item 14 of Form 10-K and such information is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 PART I V ITEM 15. EXHIBIT S AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) Financial Statements, Financial Statement Schedules, and Exhibits (1) Financial Statements The financial statements filed as part of this filing are listed on the index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8. (2) Financial Statement Schedules Not Applicable. (3) Exhibits 

3.1.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AMCON Distributing Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of AMCON s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 9, 2020) 3.1.2 Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AMCON Distributing Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of AMCON s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 20, 2022) 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of AMCON Distributing Company dated November 6, 2023 4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of AMCON s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 33-82848) filed on August 15, 1994) 4.2 Securities Purchase Agreement dated October 8, 2004 between AMCON Distributing Company and Spencer Street Investments, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of AMCON s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on January 7, 2005) 4.3 Description of Registrant s Securities 10.1 Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, date April 18, 2011, between AMCON Distributing Company and Bank of America, as agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of AMCON s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 19, 2011) 10.2 Consent and First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated May 27, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of AMCON s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 31, 2011) 10.3 Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, date July 16, 2013, between AMCON Distributing Company and Bank of America, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of AMCON s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 18, 2013) 10.4 Third Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated November 6, 2017, between AMCON Distributing Company and Bank of America (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of AMCON s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 8, 2017) 10.5 Fourth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated March 20, 2020, between AMCON Distributing Company and Bank of America (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of AMCON s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 24, 2020) 10.6 Fifth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated December 22, 2020, between AMCON Distributing Company and Bank of America (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of AMCON s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 19, 2021) 10.7 Sixth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated December 21, 2021, between AMCON Distributing Company and Bank of America (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of AMCON s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 18, 2022) 10.8 Seventh Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated June 30, 2022, between AMCON Distributing Company and Bank of America (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of AMCON s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 6, 2022) 10.9 Eighth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated February 2, 2023, between AMCON Distributing Company and Bank of America (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of AMCON s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 18, 2023) 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 10.10 LIBOR Transition Amendment, dated June 30, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of AMCON s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 18, 2022) 10.11 Credit Agreement dated March 27, 2020 between Team Sledd, LLC and First National Bank of Pennsylvania, as agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of AMCON s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 18, 2022) 10.12 First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated April 9, 2021 between Team Sledd, LLC and First National Bank of Pennsylvania (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of AMCON s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 18, 2022) 10.13 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated October 4, 2021 between Team Sledd, LLC and First National Bank of Pennsylvania (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of AMCON s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 18, 2022) 10.14 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement dated October 3, 2022 between Team Sledd, LLC and First National Bank of Pennsylvania (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of AMCON s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 23, 2022) 10.15 Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated April 27, 2023 between Team Sledd, LLC and First National Bank of Pennsylvania (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of AMCON s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 18, 2023) 10.16 Asset Purchase Agreement dated December 7, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of AMCON s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 18, 2023) 10.17 Loan and Security Agreement, dated February 3, 2023 between LOL Foods, Inc., HF Real Estate LLC and BMO Harris Bank N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of AMCON s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 18, 2023) 10.18 Master Loan and Security Agreement, dated February 1, 2023 between LOL Foods, Inc. and Banc of America Leasing Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of AMCON s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 18, 2023) 10.19 AMCON Distributing Company Profit Sharing Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 33-82848) filed on November 8, 1994) 10.20 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AMCON s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 22, 2014) 10.21 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AMCON s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 22, 2014) 10.22 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AMCON s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 18, 2022) 10.23 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AMCON s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 18, 2019) 10.24 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AMCON s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 18, 2019) 10.25 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under the 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of AMCON s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 18, 2019) 10.26 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to AMCON s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 18, 2022) 10.27 2022 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of AMCON s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 20, 2022) 10.28 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2022 Omnibus Incentive Plan 10.29 AMCON Distributing Company Executive Change in Control Severance Plan dated November 6, 2023 10.30 Form of Indemnification Agreement dated November 6, 2023 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Company 31.1 Certification by Christopher H. Atayan, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 31.2 Certification by Charles J. Schmaderer, Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 32.1 Certification by Christopher H. Atayan, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, furnished pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 32.2 Certification by Charles J. Schmaderer, Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, furnished pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 97.1 Policy Relating to Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation 101 Inline XBRL Interactive Data File (filed herewith electronically). 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File formatted in Inline XBRL and included as Exhibit 101 

 Represents management contract or compensation plan or arrangement. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURE S Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

November 8, 2023 AMCON DISTRIBUTING COMPANY (registrant) By: /s/ Christopher H. Atayan Christopher H. Atayan Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

November 8, 2023 /s/ Christopher H. Atayan Christopher H. Atayan Chief Executive Officer Chairman of the Board and Director (Principal Executive Officer) November 8, 2023 /s/ C harles J. Schmaderer Charles J. Schmaderer Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) November 8, 2023 /s/ Andrew C. Plummer Andrew C. Plummer President, Chief Operating Officer and Director November 8, 2023 /s/ Jeremy W. Hobbs Jeremy W. Hobbs Director November 8, 2023 /s/ John R. Loyack John R. Loyack Director November 8, 2023 /s/ Stanley Mayer Stanley Mayer Director November 8, 2023 /s/ Timothy R. Pestotnik Timothy R. Pestotnik Director 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 (This page has been left blank intentionally.) 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 dit-20230930xex3d2.htm
 EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2 AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF AMCON DISTRIBUTING COMPANY As Amended and Restated on November 6, 2023 

TABLE OF CONTENTS ARTICLE I STOCKHOLDERS 1 Section 1. Time and Place of Meetings 1 
 Section 2. Annual Meetings 1 
 Section 3. Special Meetings 1 
 Section 4. Notice of Meetings 1 
 Section 5. Quorum and Adjournment 1 
 Section 6. Voting 2 
 Section 7. Stockholder Proposals and Nominations of Directors 2 
 Section 8. Inspectors of Elections 3 
 Section 9. Opening and Closing of Polls 4 
 ARTICLE II DIRECTORS 4 Section 1. General Powers 4 
 Section 2. Number and Term of Office 4 
 Section 3. Vacancies 4 
 Section 4. Regular Meetings 5 
 Section 5. Special Meetings 5 
 Section 6. Quorum 5 
 Section 7. Written Action 5 
 Section 8. Participation in Meetings by Conference Telephone 5 
 Section 9. Committees 5 
 Section 10. Compensation 6 
 Section 11. Regulations; Manner of Acting 6 
 ARTICLE III NOTICES 6 Section 1. Generally 6 
 Section 2. Waivers 7 
 ARTICLE IV OFFICERS AND LEAD DIRECTOR 7 Section 1. Generally 7 
 Section 2. Compensation 7 
 Section 3. Election 7 
 Section 4. Authority and Duties 8 
 Section 5. Removal and Resignation; Vacancies 8 
 Section 6. Chairman 8 
 Section 7. Lead Director 8 
 Section 8. Vice Chairman 9 
 Section 9. Chief Executive Officer 9 
 Section 10. President 9 
 Section 11. Execution of Documents and Action With Respect to Securities of Other Corporations 10 
 Section 12. Vice President 10 
 Section 13. Secretary and Assistant Secretaries 10 

Page 
 Section 14. Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Treasurer 10 
 ARTICLE V INDEMNIFICATION 11 Section 1. Right to Indemnification 11 
 Section 2. Right of Indemnitee To Bring Suit 12 
 Section 3. Nonexclusivity of Rights 12 
 Section 4. Insurance 12 
 Section 5. Indemnification of Agents of the Corporation 13 
 Section 6. Indemnification Contracts 13 
 Section 7. Effect of Amendment 13 
 ARTICLE VI STOCK 13 Section 1. Certificated and Uncertificated Shares 13 
 Section 2. Transfer 13 
 Section 3. Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates 14 
 Section 4. Record Date 14 
 ARTICLE VII GENERAL PROVISIONS 15 Section 1. Fiscal Year 15 
 Section 2. Corporate Seal 15 
 Section 3. Reliance Upon Books, Reports and Records 15 
 Section 4. Time Periods 15 
 Section 5. Dividends 15 
 ARTICLE VIII AMENDMENTS 15 
 ii 

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF AMCON DISTRIBUTING COMPANY (As Amended and Restated on November 6, 2023) ARTICLE I STOCKHOLDERS
 Section 1. Time and Place of Meetings . All meetings of the stockholders for the election of directors or for any other purpose shall be held at such time and place, within or without the State of Delaware, as may be designated by the Board of Directors or, in the absence of a designation by the Board of Directors, by the Chairman of the Board or the President and such time and place shall be stated in the notice of the meeting or in a duly executed waiver of notice thereof.
 Section 2. Annual Meetings . An annual meeting of the stockholders commencing with the year 1995 shall be held on the third Thursday in February if not a legal holiday, and if a legal holiday, then on the next business day following, at 10:00 a.m., or at such other date and time as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors, at which meeting the stockholders shall elect by a plurality vote the directors to succeed those whose terms expire at that meeting and shall transact such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting.
 Section 3. Special Meetings . Special meetings of the stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, unless otherwise prescribed by statute or by the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, may only be called by (a) the Chairman of the Board, (b) the Lead Director (if one is appointed), (c) the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors or (d) the President. 
 Section 4. Notice of Meetings . Notice of every meeting of the stockholders, stating the place, date and hour of the meeting and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, shall be given in the manner specified in Section 1 of Article III hereof not less than 10 or more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting, except as otherwise provided herein or by law. When a meeting is adjourned to another place, date or time, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the place, date and time thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken; provided, however, that if the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, notice of the place, date and time of the adjourned meeting shall be given in conformity herewith. At any adjourned meeting, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the original meeting.
 Section 5. Quorum and Adjournment . The holders of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business except as otherwise provided by law or by the Restated Certificate of Incorporation. If, however, such quorum shall not be present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from 

time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present or represented; provided, however, that if the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting, conforming to the requirements of Section 4 of Article I hereof, shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting. At any adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present, any business may be transacted that might have been transacted on the original date of the meeting. Section 6. Voting . Except as otherwise provided by law or by the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder shall be entitled at every meeting of the stockholders to one vote for each share of stock having voting power standing in the name of such stockholder on the books of the Corporation on the record date for the meeting, and such votes may be cast either in person or by proxy. A stockholder may authorize one or more persons to act for such stockholder as proxy (a) in a writing executed by such stockholder or to which such stockholder s signature is affixed, including by facsimile signature, or (b) by the transmission of a telegram, cablegram, or other means of electronic transmission to the person, firm, organization or agent authorized by the stockholder to be the holder of the proxy if such telegram, cablegram or other means of electronic transmission sets forth or is submitted with information from which it can be determined that the telegram, cablegram or other electronic transmission was authorized by the stockholder. A complete copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reliable reproduction of such writing or transmission may be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing or transmission for any and all purposes. Every proxy must be filed with the Secretary of the Corporation. A stockholder may revoke any proxy which is not irrevocable by attending the meeting and voting in person or by filing an instrument in writing revoking the proxy, or another duly authorized proxy bearing a later date, with the Secretary of the Corporation. No vote of the stockholders need be taken by written ballot unless otherwise required by law. If authorized by the board of directors, any vote required to be taken by written ballot shall be satisfied by a ballot submitted by electronic transmission if such electronic transmission sets forth or is submitted with information from which it can be determined that the electronic transmission was authorized by the stockholder or proxy holder. Any vote which need not be taken by ballot may be conducted in any manner approved by the meeting. When a quorum is present at any meeting, the vote of the holders of a majority of the stock which has voting power present in person or represented by proxy shall decide any question properly brought before such meeting, unless the question is one upon which by express provision of law, the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or these By laws, a different vote is required, in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of such question.
 Section 7. Stockholder Proposals and Nominations of Directors . Nominations for election to the Board of Directors of the Corporation at a meeting of the stockholders may be made by the Board of Directors, or on behalf of the Board of Directors by a Nominating Committee appointed by the Board of Directors, or by any stockholder of the Corporation entitled to vote for the election of directors at such meeting. Any nominations, other than those made by or on behalf of the Board of Directors, and any proposal by any stockholder to transact any corporate business at an annual or special stockholders meeting, shall be made by notice in writing and mailed by certified mail to the Secretary of the Corporation and (a) in the case of an annual meeting, received no later than 35 days prior to the date of the annual meeting; provided, however, that if less than 35 days notice of a meeting of stockholders is given to the stockholders, such notice of proposed business or nomination by such stockholder shall have been made or delivered to the Secretary of 

 2 

the Corporation not later than the close of business on the seventh day following the day on which the notice of a meeting was mailed, and (b) in the case of a special meeting of stockholders, received not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the day on which notice of the date of the meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the meeting was made, whichever occurs first. A notice of nominations by stockholders shall set forth as to each proposed nominee who is not an incumbent director (i) the name, age, business address and, if known, residence address of each nominee proposed in such notice, (ii) the principal occupation or employment of each such nominee, (iii) the number of shares of stock of the Corporation which are beneficially owned by each such nominee and the nominating stockholder and (iv) any other information concerning the nominee that must be disclosed regarding nominees in proxy solicitations pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules under such section. The Chairman of the Board, or in his absence the President or any Vice President, may, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting of stockholders that a nomination was not made in accordance with the foregoing procedure and that the defective nomination shall be disregarded. Section 8. Inspectors of Elections . Preceding any meeting of the stockholders, the Board of Directors shall appoint one or more persons to act as Inspectors of Elections and may designate one or more alternate inspectors. In the event no inspector or alternate is able to act, the person presiding at the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of the duties of an inspector, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of his or her ability. The inspector shall:
 (a) ascertain the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of each;
 (b) determine the shares represented at a meeting and the validity of proxies and ballots;
 (c) count all votes and ballots;
 (d) determine and retain for a reasonable period a record of the disposition of any challenges made to any determination by the inspectors; and
 (e) certify his or her determination of the number of shares represented at the meeting and his or her count of all votes and ballots.
 The inspector may appoint or retain other persons or entities to assist in the performance of the duties of inspector. When determining the shares represented and the validity of proxies and ballots, the inspector shall be limited to an examination of the proxies, any envelopes submitted with those proxies, any information relating to the authorization of a proxy through the transmission of a telegram, cablegram, or other means of electronic transmission, any information relating to the authorization of a ballot submitted by electronic transmission, ballots and the regular books and records of the Corporation. The inspector may consider reliable information for the limited purpose of reconciling proxies and ballots submitted by or on behalf of banks, brokers or their nominees or 
 3 

similar persons which represent more votes than the holder of a proxy is authorized by the record owner to cast or more votes than the stockholder holds of record. If the inspector considers other reliable information as outlined in this Section, the inspector, at the time of his or her certification pursuant to (e) of this Section, shall specify the precise information considered, the person or persons from whom the information was obtained, when this information was obtained, the means by which the information was obtained, and the basis for the inspector s belief that such information is accurate and reliable. Section 9. Opening and Closing of Polls . The date and time for the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter to be voted upon at a meeting of stockholders shall be announced at the meeting. The inspector of the election shall be prohibited from accepting any ballots, proxies or votes or any revocations thereof or changes thereto after the closing of the polls, unless the Court of Chancery upon application by a stockholder shall determine otherwise.
 ARTICLE II DIRECTORS
 Section 1. General Powers . The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of its Board of Directors, which may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by law or by the Restated Certificate of Incorporation directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders.
 Section 2. Number and Term of Office . 
 (a) The Board of Directors shall be elected annually at each annual meeting of stockholders, to hold office for a term expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders. The holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote generally for the election of directors may remove any director or the entire Board of Directors, but only for cause.
 (b) The number of directors shall be fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors. In case of any increase in the number of directors in advance of an annual meeting of stockholders, each additional director shall be elected by the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, to hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders or until his successor shall have been duly chosen. No decrease in the number of directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. 
 (c) No less than two directors shall be persons other than (i) officers or employees of the Corporation or its subsidiaries or (ii) individuals having a relationship which, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director.
 Section 3. Vacancies . Vacancies in the Board of Directors resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal from office or other cause, and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors, may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors, though less than a quorum of the Board of Directors, and directors so chosen shall hold office for a term expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders and until such directors successors shall have been duly elected or qualified.

 4 

Section 4. Regular Meetings . Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice immediately after the annual meeting of the stockholders and at such other times and places as shall from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors.
 Section 5. Special Meetings . Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board, the Lead Director (if one is appointed), the President or any Vice President on one day s written notice to each director by whom such notice is not waived, given either personally or by courier, mail, facsimile transmission or telegram, and shall be called by the President or the Secretary in like manner and on like notice on the written request of any two directors.
 Section 6. Quorum . At all meetings of the Board of Directors, a majority of the total number of directors then in office shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the Board of Directors. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the Board of Directors, the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time to another place, time or date, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present.
 Section 7. Written Action . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing and the writing or writings are filed with the minutes or proceedings of the Board or such committee.
 Section 8. Participation in Meetings by Conference Telephone . Members of the Board of Directors, or any committee designated by the Board of Directors, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors, or any such committee, by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.
 Section 9. Committees . The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the entire Board, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation and each to have such lawfully delegable powers and duties as the Board may confer. Each such committee shall serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. Except as otherwise provided by law, any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it. Any committee or committees so designated by the Board shall have such name or names as may be determined from time to time by resolution adopted by the Board of Directors. Unless otherwise prescribed by the Board of Directors, a majority of the members of the committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the act of a majority of the members present at a meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of such committee. Each committee shall prescribe its own rules for calling and holding meetings and its method of procedure, subject to any rules prescribed by the Board of Directors, and shall keep a written record of all actions taken by it. No such committee shall have the power or authority:

 5 

(a) to amend the Restated Certificate of Incorporation (except that a committee may, to the extent authorized in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of shares of stock adopted by the Board of Directors as provided in Section 151(a) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, fix the designations and any of the preferences or rights of such shares relating to dividends, redemption, dissolution, any distribution of assets of the Corporation or the conversion into, or the exchange of such shares for, shares of any other class or classes or any other series of the same or any other class or classes of stock of the Corporation or fix the number of shares of any series of stock or authorize the increase or decrease of the shares of any series);
 (b) to adopt an agreement of merger or consolidation under Section 251 or Section 252 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware;
 (c) to recommend to the stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the Corporation s property and assets;
 (d) to recommend to the stockholders a dissolution of the Corporation or a revocation of a dissolution; or
 (e) to amend the Bylaws of the Corporation.
 Unless the resolution, Bylaws or Restated Certificate of Incorporation expressly so provides, no such committee shall have the power or authority to declare a dividend, to authorize the issuance of stock or to adopt a certificate of ownership and merger pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. Section 10. Compensation . The Board of Directors may establish such compensation for, and reimbursement of the expenses of, directors for attendance at meetings of the Board of Directors or committees, or for other services by directors to the Corporation, as the Board of Directors may determine.
 Section 11. Regulations; Manner of Acting . To the extent consistent with applicable law, the Restated Certificate of Incorporation and these Bylaws, the Board of Directors may adopt such special rules and regulations for the conduct of their meetings and for the management of the property, affairs and business of the Corporation as the Board of Directors may deem appropriate. The directors shall act only as a Board, and the individual directors shall have no power as such.
 ARTICLE III NOTICES
 Section 1. Generally . Whenever by law or under the provisions of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or these By laws notice is required to be given to any director or stockholder, it shall not be construed to mean personal notice, but such notice may be given in writing, by mail. Any such notice also may be given to any director by telephone, facsimile transmission, telegram or other electronic transmission and to any stockholder by a form of electronic transmission consented to by such stockholder. A stockholder s consent to the receipt of notice by a form of electronic transmission shall be deemed revoked if (a) the Corporation receives a written notice of 

 6 

such revocation from such stockholder, or (b) the Corporation is unable to deliver by electronic transmission two consecutive notices given by the Corporation in accordance with such consent and such inability becomes known to the secretary or an assistant secretary of the Corporation or to the transfer agent or other person responsible for the giving of notice. Notice shall be deemed given: (i) if by mail, when deposited in the United States mail, with postage thereon prepaid and addressed to the intended recipient at his or her address as it appears on the records of the Corporation; (ii) if by facsimile telecommunication, when directed to a number at which the intended recipient has consented to receive notice; (iii) if by electronic mail, when directed to an electronic mail address at which the intended recipient has consented to receive notice; (iv) if by a posting on an electronic network together with separate notice to the intended recipient of such specific posting, upon the later of (A) such posting and (B) the giving of such separate notice; and (v) if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the intended recipient. As used in these Bylaws, the term electronic transmission means any form of communication, not directly involving the physical transmission of paper, that creates a record that may be retained, retrieved and reviewed by a recipient thereof, and that may be directly reproduced in paper form by such a recipient through an automated process, including email. Section 2. Waivers . Whenever any notice is required to be given by law or under the provisions of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to such notice, whether before or after the time of the event for which notice is to be given, shall be deemed equivalent to such notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.
 ARTICLE IV OFFICERS AND LEAD DIRECTOR
 Section 1. Generally . The officers of the Corporation shall be elected by the Board of Directors and shall consist of a Chairman, Vice Chairman, President and Secretary. The Board of Directors may also choose any or all of the following: a Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, one or more Vice Presidents, and one or more Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers or any other officers deemed necessary by the Board of Directors. The President, the Chief Executive Officer and the other executive officers shall report to the Board of Directors. Any number of offices may be held by the same person.
 Section 2. Compensation . The compensation of all officers and agents of the Corporation who are also directors of the Corporation shall be fixed by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may delegate the power to fix the compensation of other officers and agents of the Corporation to an officer of the Corporation.
 Section 3. Election . The officers of the Corporation shall hold office until their successors are elected and qualified. Any officer elected or appointed by the Board of Directors may be removed at any time by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation may be filled by the Board of Directors.

 7 

Section 4. Authority and Duties . Each of the officers of the Corporation shall have such authority and shall perform such duties as are customarily incident to their respective offices or as may be specified from time to time by the Board of Directors in a resolution which is not inconsistent with these Bylaws.
 Section 5. Removal and Resignation; Vacancies . Any officer may be removed for or without cause at any time by the Board of Directors. Any officer may resign at any time by delivering a written notice of resignation, signed by such officer, to the Board of Directors, Chairman, Vice Chairman or President. Unless otherwise specified therein, such resignation shall take effect upon delivery. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation by death, resignation, removal or otherwise shall be filled by the Board of Directors.
 Section 6. Chairman . The Chairman shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders, at all regular meetings of the Board of Directors and at all special meetings of the Board of Directors at which the Lead Director (if one is appointed) is not present (but the Chairman shall not preside at any executive sessions of the Board of Directors), and the Chairman shall have such other duties and responsibilities as may be assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors. The Chairman may delegate to any qualified person his or her authority, including to chair any meeting of the stockholders, either on a temporary or a permanent basis. 
 Section 7. Lead Director . At any time in which the offices of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are held by the same person, the Board of Directors shall promptly appoint one member of the Board of Directors to serve as the Lead Director. If a Lead Director is required to be appointed in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence and thereafter for so long as the offices of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are held by the same person (or if the Board of Directors, by resolution passed by a majority of the entire Board, otherwise determines to appoint a Lead Director), the Lead Director shall promptly be elected by the Board of Directors and, thereafter, shall be elected by the Board annually at a Board of Director s meeting held in conjunction with the annual meeting of the Corporation s shareholders, or at such other time as the Board shall establish. The Lead Director shall be a member of the Board of Directors who is determined by the Board to be an outside independent director and who has such other qualifications and experience as the Board may prescribe from time to time. The Lead Director shall have such rights, duties and responsibilities as may be assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors and shall include:
 (a) Calling special meetings of the Board of Directors.
 (b) Calling and presiding at executive sessions of the Board of Directors at which only outside, independent directors are permitted to be present, along with other persons invited to attend such sessions by the Lead Director or a majority of the outside, independent directors.
 (c) Presiding at any special meetings of the Board of Directors.
 (d) Establishing, creating and approving, in collaboration with the Chairman, the agendas, meeting dates, meeting locations and Board materials for all regular meetings of the Board of Directors and all special meetings of the Board of Directors called by the 

 8 

Chairman or the Lead Director. Materials for all such Board meetings are to be provided to the Lead Director for review and approval in sufficient time to allow for his or her meaningful review and approval before being distributed to the Board in sufficient time prior to the Board meeting to allow for their meaningful review of such materials. 
 (e) Consulting regularly with the Chief Executive Officer regarding appropriate follow-up on items determined by the Lead Director to be of importance to the Board of Directors.
 (f) Consulting regularly with the Chief Executive Officer when requested by the Board of Directors or any Board member, or otherwise as the Lead Director deems appropriate, to bring various matters of interest or concern to the attention of the Chief Executive Officer.
 (g) Consulting regularly with the Board of Directors or any committee of the Board when requested by the Chief Executive Officer, or otherwise as the Lead Director deems appropriate, to bring various matters of interest or concern to their attention.
 (h) Consulting regularly with the Chief Executive Officer on his or her annual and long-term objectives in preparation for discussion and approval by the Board of Directors, and coordinating the annual performance review of the Chief Executive Officer by the Board.
 (i) Consulting with the Chief Executive Officer or his or her designees regarding proposals, reports, budgets, presentations, and other material matters prior to their presentation to the Board of Directors in sufficient time prior to the Board meeting to allow for their meaningful review and consideration.
 (j) Serving as an independent point of contact for any shareholder of the Corporation who seeks to communicate with one or more members of the Board of Directors without the participation, assistance or cooperation of management.
 Section 8. Vice Chairman . In case of the inability or failure of the Chairman to perform the duties of that office, the Vice Chairman shall perform such duties, unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors. The Vice Chairman shall have such other duties and responsibilities as may be assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 9. Chief Executive Officer . The Chief Executive Officer shall direct the business and affairs of the Corporation and shall have such executive duties, powers, responsibilities and authorities as are usually vested in the office of the chief executive officer of a corporation. He or she shall also carry into effect all directions and resolutions of the Board of Directors. The Chief Executive Officer may also serve as the Chairman, the Vice Chairman or in any other officer position as determined by the Board of Directors.
 Section 10. President . The President shall be the chief operating officer of the Corporation and, as such, shall be responsible for the active management of the business and affairs of the Corporation. In case of the inability or failure of both the Chairman and Vice Chairman to perform 

 9 

the duties of those offices, the President shall perform such duties, unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors. Section 11. Execution of Documents and Action With Respect to Securities of Other Corporations . The Chairman, Vice Chairman and President shall each have and each is hereby given full power and authority, acting alone or together, except as otherwise required by law or directed by the Board of Directors, (a) to execute, on behalf of the Corporation, all duly authorized contracts, agreements, deeds, conveyances or other obligations of the Corporation, applications, consents, proxies and other powers of attorney and other documents and instruments and (b) to vote and otherwise act on behalf of the Corporation, in person or by proxy, at any meeting of stockholders (or with respect to any action of such stockholders) of any other corporation in which the Corporation may hold securities and otherwise to exercise any and all rights and powers which the Corporation may possess by reason of its ownership of securities of such other corporation. In addition, the Chairman, Vice Chairman and President, or any of them, may delegate to other officers, employees and agents of the Corporation the power and authority to take any such action which each is authorized to take under this Section 9 of this Article IV, with such limitations as they or any of them may specify; such authority so delegated shall not be redelegated by the person to whom such execution authority has been delegated.
 Section 12. Vice President . Each Vice President, however titled, shall perform such duties and services and shall have such authority and responsibilities as shall be assigned to or required from time to time by the Board of Directors, Chairman, Vice Chairman or President.
 Section 13. Secretary and Assistant Secretaries . 
 (a) The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the stockholders and all meetings of the Board of the Board of Directors and record all proceedings of the meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors and shall perform like duties for the standing committees when requested by the Board of Directors, Chairman, Lead Director (if one is appointed), Vice Chairman or President. The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and meetings of the Board of Directors. The Secretary shall perform such duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors, Chairman, Lead Director (if one is appointed), Vice Chairman or President. The Secretary shall have charge of the seal of the Corporation and authority to affix the seal to any instrument. The Secretary or any Assistant Secretary may attest to the corporate seal by handwritten of facsimile signature. The Secretary shall keep and account for all books, documents, papers and records of the Corporation except those for which some other officer or agent has been designated or is otherwise properly accountable. The Secretary shall have authority to sign stock certificates.
 (b) Assistant Secretaries, in order of their seniority, shall assist the Secretary and, if the Secretary is unavailable or fails to act, perform the duties and exercise the authorities of the Secretary.
 Section 14. Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Treasurer . 

 10 

(a) The Chief Financial Officer shall be the chief financial officer of the Corporation and, as such, shall perform the duties customarily incident to such office, including executing certifications with respect to financial statements of the Corporation as may be required by law, and such other duties as shall be assigned to or required from time to time by the Board of Directors, Chairman or Vice Chairman.
 (b) The Treasurer shall have the custody of the funds and securities belonging to the Corporation and shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Treasurer with the prior approval of the Board of Directors, Chairman, Vice Chairman or President. The Treasurer shall disburse the funds and pledge the credit of the Corporation as may be directed by the Board of Directors and shall render to the Board of Directors, Chairman, Vice Chairman or President, as and when required by them, or any of them, an account of all transactions by the Treasurer.
 (c) Assistant Treasurers, in order of their seniority, shall assist the Treasurer and, if the Treasurer is unable or fails to act, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Treasurer.
 ARTICLE V INDEMNIFICATION
 Section 1. Right to Indemnification . Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a proceeding ), by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer or employee of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans (hereinafter an indemnitee ), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer or employee or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer or employee, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent authorized by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than such law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment), against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such indemnitee in connection therewith and such indemnification shall continue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the indemnitee s heirs, executors and administrators; provided, however, that, except as provided in Section 2 of this Article V with respect to proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification, the Corporation shall indemnify any such indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such indemnitee only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. The right to indemnification conferred in this Section 2 of this Article V shall be a contract right and shall include the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition (hereinafter an advancement of 

 11 

expenses and provided, further, that, if the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware requires it, an advancement of expenses incurred by an indemnitee in his or her capacity as a director or officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such indemnitee, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal that such indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under this Article V or otherwise (hereinafter an undertaking ). Section 2. Right of Indemnitee To Bring Suit . If a claim under Section 1 of this Article V is not paid in full by the Corporation within 60 20 days after a written claim has been received by the Corporation, except in the case of a claim for an advancement of expenses, in which case the applicable period shall be 20 five days, the indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim. If successful in whole or part in any such suit or in a suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the indemnitee shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting or defending such suit. In (a) any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it shall he a defense that, and (b) any suit by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking the Corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that, the indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification of the indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because the indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) that the indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct shall create a presumption that the indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought by indemnitee, be a defense to such suit. In any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right hereunder, or by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that the indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified or to such advancement of expenses under this Article V or otherwise shall be on the Corporation.
 Section 3. Nonexclusivity of Rights . The rights of indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred in this Article V shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, bylaw, contract, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.
 Section 4. Insurance . The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any indemnitee against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

 12 

Section 5. Indemnification of Agents of the Corporation . The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, grant rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to any employee or agent of the Corporation to the fullest extent of the provisions of this Article V or as otherwise permitted under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware with respect to the indemnification and advancement of expenses of directors and officers of the Corporation.
 Section 6. Indemnification Contracts . The Board of Directors is authorized to enter into a contract with any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or any person serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including employee benefit plans, providing for indemnification rights equivalent to or, if the Board of Directors so determines, greater than those provided for in this Article V.
 Section 7. Effect of Amendment . Any amendment, repeal or modification of any provision of this Article V by the stockholders or the directors of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director or officer of the Corporation existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or modification.
 ARTICLE VI STOCK
 Section 1. Certificated and Uncertificated Shares . Shares of the Corporation s stock shall be issued and held in certificated form, in which the shares are represented by physical certificates; provided, however, that shares of the Corporation s stock may be issued and held in uncertificated form, in which the shares are held in book-entry form pursuant to a direct registration system without being represented by a physical certificate, if the Board of Directors of the Corporation adopts a resolution permitting shares of the Corporation s stock to be uncertificated. Notwithstanding the adoption by the Board of Directors of any such resolution providing for uncertificated shares, each shareholder shall be entitled to have the shares of the Corporation s stock owned by such shareholder represented by one or more physical certificates, as specified by such shareholder. With respect to shares of stock of the Corporation that are in certificated form, the certificates representing such shares shall be in such form as shall be determined by the Board of Directors, subject to applicable legal requirements. Such certificates shall be numbered and their issuance recorded in the books of the Corporation, and such certificates shall exhibit the holder s name and the number of shares and shall be signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by, (a) the Chairman of the Board, the Vice Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or any Senior Vice President of the Corporation, and (b) the Chief Financial Officer, the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Corporation. Any or all of the signatures and the seal of the Corporation, if any, upon such certificates may be facsimiles, engraved or printed.
 Section 2. Transfer . Shares of stock of the Corporation shall be transferable in the manner prescribed by law and in these Bylaws. Transfers of the Corporation s stock shall be made on the stock transfer books of the Corporation, kept at the office of the Corporation or at the transfer agent of the Corporation designated to transfer the class of stock being transferred, and (a) in the case of shares of the Corporation s stock in certificated form, only by the person named in the certificate 

 13 

or by such person s attorney lawfully constituted in writing and upon surrender to the Corporation or the transfer agent of each certificate representing such shares duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignment or authority to transfer and payment of all necessary transfer taxes, or (b) in the case of shares of the Corporation s stock in uncertificated form, upon receipt of proper transfer instructions from the registered holder of such shares or by such person s attorney lawfully constituted in writing and upon payment of all necessary transfer taxes and compliance with appropriate procedures for transferring shares in uncertificated form; provided, however, that such surrender and endorsement, compliance or payment of taxes referred to in clauses (a) and (b) shall not be required in any case in which the officers of the Corporation shall determine to waive such requirement. With respect to shares of the Corporation s stock in certificated form, every certificate exchanged, returned or surrendered to the Corporation shall be marked Cancelled, with the date of cancellation, by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Corporation or the transfer agent thereof. No transfer of stock shall be valid as against the Corporation for any purpose until it shall have been entered in the stock transfer books of the Corporation. Section 3. Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates . The Secretary may direct a new certificate or certificates to be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed upon the making of an affidavit of that fact, satisfactory to the Secretary, by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen or destroyed; provided, however, that if such certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed represented shares of the Corporation s stock, at the request of the registered holder of such shares or by such person s attorney lawfully constituted in writing, the Secretary shall instead direct that such shares be reissued in uncertificated form. As a condition precedent to the issuance of a new certificate or certificates or reissuance of such shares in uncertificated form, the Secretary may require the registered holder of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate or certificates to give the Corporation a bond in such sum and with such surety or sureties as the Secretary may direct as indemnity against any claims that may be made against the Corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, the issuance of the new certificate, or the reissuance of such shares in uncertificated form.
 Section 4. Record Date . 
 (a) In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than 60 or less than 10 days before the date of such meeting. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.

 14 

(b) In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than 60 days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto.
 ARTICLE VII GENERAL PROVISIONS
 Section 1. Fiscal Year . The fiscal year of the Corporation shall end on September 30 of each year or on such other date as shall be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors.
 Section 2. Corporate Seal . The Board of Directors may adopt a corporate seal and use the same by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise.
 Section 3. Reliance Upon Books, Reports and Records . Each director, each member of a committee designated by the Board of Directors, and each officer of the Corporation shall, in the performance of his or her duties, be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the records of the Corporation and upon such information, opinions, reports or statements presented to the Corporation by any of the Corporation s officers or employees, or committees of the Board of Directors, or by any other person as to matters the director, committee member or officer believes are within such other person s professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Corporation.
 Section 4. Time Periods . In applying any provision of these Bylaws which requires that an act be done or not be done a specified number of days prior to an event or that an act be done during a period of a specified number of days prior to an event, calendar days shall be used, the day of the doing of the act shall be excluded and the day of the event shall be included.
 Section 5. Dividends . The Board of Directors may from time to time declare and the Corporation may pay dividends upon its outstanding shares of capital stock, in the manner and upon the terms and conditions provided by law and the Restated Certificate of Incorporation.
 ARTICLE VIII AMENDMENTS
 In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred upon it by law, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to adopt, repeal, alter or amend the Bylaws of the Corporation by the vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors. In addition to any requirements of law and any provision of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the stockholders of the Corporation may adopt, repeal, alter or amend any provision of the Bylaws upon the affirmative vote of the holders 
 15 

of 75 or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. 
 16 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-4.3>
 3
 dit-20230930xex4d3.htm
 EX-4.3

Exhibit 4.3 DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 The following is a brief description of the common stock, 0.01 par value per share, of AMCON Distributing Company (the Company ), which is the only security of the Company registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. General The total number of shares of capital stock which the Company has authority to issue is 4,000,000 shares, consisting of 3,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Common Stock ), and 1,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Preferred Stock ). The following descriptions of the Company s Common Stock and Preferred Stock and of certain provisions of Delaware law do not purport to be complete and are subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to the Company s (i) restated certificate of incorporation dated October 2, 2020, as amended Certificate of Incorporation ), and (ii) amended and restated by-laws dated January 20, 2022 Bylaws ). Copies of the Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and are included among the exhibits to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K. Preferred Stock The Board of Directors is expressly authorized to provide for the issuance of all or any shares of the Preferred Stock in one or more series, and to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of shares of each such series and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, as shall be stated and expressed in the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors providing for the issuance of such series and as may be permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ). Without limiting the foregoing, the authority of the Board of Directors with respect to each series includes (a) the designation of the series, which may be by distinguishing number, letter or title; (b) the number of shares of the series, which number the Board of Directors may thereafter (except where otherwise provided in the applicable Preferred Stock certificate of designation) increase or decrease (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding); (c) whether dividends, if any, shall be cumulative or noncumulative and the dividend rate of the series; (d) the dates on which dividends, if any, shall be payable; (e) the redemption rights and price or prices, if any, for shares of the series; (f) the terms and amount of any sinking fund provided for the purchase or redemption of shares of the series; (g) the amounts payable on shares of the series in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company; (h) whether the shares of the series shall be convertible or exchangeable into shares of any other class or series, or any other security, of the Company or any other corporation, and, if so, the specification of such other class or series or such other security, the conversion or exchange price or prices or rate or rates, any adjustments thereof, the date or dates as of which such shares shall be convertible or exchangeable and all other terms and conditions upon which such conversion or exchange may be made; (i) restrictions on the 
 1 

issuance of shares of the same series or of any other class or series; and (j) the voting rights, if any, of the holders of shares of the series. Common Stock Voting Rights. Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation (including any amendments to, restatements of or designations regarding any series or class of Preferred Stock) or by applicable law, only the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to vote on each matter on which the stockholders of the Company shall be entitled to vote, and each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock held by such holder. The holders of Common Stock are not entitled to cumulative voting rights with respect to the election of directors, which means that the holders of a majority of the shares voted can elect all of the directors then standing for election. Dividends. Subject to the preferences and other rights of any class or series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, the Board of Directors of the Company may cause dividends to be paid to the holders of shares of Common Stock out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends by declaring an amount per share as a dividend. When and as dividends are declared, whether payable in cash, in property or in shares of stock of the Company, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to share equally, share for share, in such dividends. Conversion and Preemptive Rights. Holders of shares of Common Stock have no conversion, preemptive or similar rights, and there is no redemption or sinking fund applicable to the Common Stock. Fully Paid . The issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable. This means the full purchase price for the outstanding shares of Common Stock has been paid and the holders of such shares will not be assessed any additional amounts for such shares. Liquidation Rights. Subject to the preferences and other rights of any class or series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled, to share, ratably according to the number of shares of Common Stock held by them, in all remaining assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders, subject to any rights of the holders of Preferred Stock that the Company may issue in the future. Market and Transfer Agent . The Common Stock trades on NYSE American under the trading symbol DIT . The transfer agent for the Common Stock is Computershare. Provisions that May Have The Effect of Delaying, Deferring or Preventing a Change of Control of the Company Some provisions in the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, incorporated herein by reference, may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of the Company. The provisions, summarized below, are expected to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of the Company to first negotiate with the Board. The Company believes that the 
 2 

benefits of increased protection give it the potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us and outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging those proposals because negotiation of them could result in an improvement of their terms. Size of Board and Vacancies . The Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws together provide that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors. Newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the Company s authorized number of directors or any vacancies in the Board resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal from office or other cause may be filled by the majority vote of the Company s remaining directors in office, and any director so chosen shall hold office for a term expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders and until such director s successor shall have been duly elected or qualified. Advance Notice Requirement. The Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws set forth advance notice procedures with regard to stockholder nomination of persons for election to the Board of Directors or other business to be considered at meetings of stockholders. These procedures provide that notice of such stockholder proposals must be timely given in writing to the Secretary of the Company prior to the meeting at which the action is to be taken. Generally, to be timely, notice must be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Company, in the case of an annual meeting of stockholders, not less than 35 days prior to the meeting and, in the case of a special meeting of stockholders, not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the day on which (i) notice of the date of the special meeting was mailed or (ii) public disclosure of the date of the special meeting was made, whichever occurs first. The advance notice requirement does not give the Board of Directors any power to approve or disapprove stockholder director nominations or proposals but may have the effect of precluding the consideration of certain business at a meeting if the proper notice procedures are not followed. Special Meetings of Stockholders. Under the Bylaws, only the Board of Directors, pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors, the Company s Chairman of the Board, the Company s Lead Director (if one is appointed), or the Company s President may call a special meeting of the stockholders. Authorized Blank Check Preferred. As more fully described under the heading Preferred Stock above, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to provide for the issuance of all or any shares of the Preferred Stock in one or more series, and to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of shares of each such series and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, as shall be stated and expressed in the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors providing for the issuance of such series and as may be permitted by the DGCL. The authorization of the Company s undesignated Preferred Stock makes it possible for the Board to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change control of the Company. No Stockholder Action by Written Consent. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders may be taken only upon the vote of stockholders at an annual or special meeting duly noticed and called in accordance with the DGCL, and may not be 
 3 

taken by written consent of stockholders without a meeting (except with regard to election, removal and filling of vacancies of directors by holders of Preferred Stock, voting separately, as and if so provided by the terms of the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors). Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. The Board of Directors is expressly authorized to adopt, repeal, alter or amend the Bylaws by the vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors. The stockholders of the Company may adopt, repeal, alter or amend most provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, as well as any provision of the Bylaws, only with the affirmative vote of the holders of 75 or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding stock of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, in addition to satisfying any requirements of law. Indemnification of Directors and Officers; Limitation of Liability The Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that the Company shall indemnify its directors and officers and provide for the advancement to them of expenses in connection with actual or threatened proceedings and claims arising out of their status as such to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. These provisions may be held not to be enforceable for violations of the federal securities laws of the United States. The Certificate of Incorporation provides that no director shall be personally liable to the Company or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. However, this does not eliminate or limit the liability of a director (i) for any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to the Company or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law, (iii) under Section 174 of the DGCL or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derives an improper personal benefit. If the DGCL is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Company will be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as so amended. The Company has also entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and certain of its officers providing for procedures for indemnification by the Company to the fullest extent permitted by law and advancements by the Company of certain expenses and costs relating to claims, suits or proceedings arising from the respective director s or officer s service to the Company. Delaware Takeover Statute The Company is subject to the DGCL, including Section 203. In general, Section 203 restricts the ability of a public Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder. An interested stockholder includes any person or entity who in the last three years obtained 15 or more of any class or series of stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. Generally, a business combination includes a merger, 
 4 

asset or stock sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. However, the restriction does not apply if: the Board of Directors approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, with approval taking place prior to such business combination or transaction; upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the Company s voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding certain shares; the business combination is approved by the Board of Directors and by the affirmative vote of holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder, with approval taking place concurrently with or after the business combination. 
 Under certain circumstances, this provision may make it more difficult for a person who would be an interested stockholder to effect various business combinations with the Company for a three-year period. This provision may encourage companies interested in acquiring the Company to negotiate in advance with the Board of Directors, because the stockholder approval requirement would be avoided if the Board of Directors were to approve either the business combination or the transaction that results in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in the Board of Directors and may make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interest. 
 5 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-10.28>
 4
 dit-20230930xex10d28.htm
 EX-10.28

Exhibit 10.28 
 AMCON DISTRIBUTING COMPANY 2022 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN Restricted Stock Award Agreement Date of Grant : Number of Restricted Shares Granted : This Restricted Stock Award Agreement, dated ________________(this Award Agreement ), is made by and between AMCON Distributing Company, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and __________________ Participant ). RECITALS: A. Effective January 20, 2022, the Company s stockholders approved the AMCON Distributing Company 2022 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan pursuant to which the Company may, from time to time, grant Shares of Restricted Stock to eligible Service Providers of the Company. B. Participant is a Service Provider of the Company or one of its Affiliates and the Company desires to encourage him to own Shares and to give him added incentive to advance the interests of the Company, and desires to grant Participant shares of Restricted Stock of the Company under the terms and conditions established by the Committee. AGREEMENT: In consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 1. Incorporation of Plan . All provisions of this Award Agreement and the rights of Participant hereunder are subject in all respects to the provisions of the Plan and the powers of the Committee therein provided. Capitalized terms used in this Award Agreement but not defined shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. 2. Grant of Restricted Stock . Subject to the conditions and restrictions set forth in this Award Agreement and in the Plan, the Company hereby grants to Participant that number of Shares of Restricted Stock identified above opposite the heading Number of Restricted Shares Granted (the Restricted Shares ). 3. Restrictions on Transfer; Vesting Date . Subject to any exceptions set forth in this Award Agreement or in the Plan, the Restricted Shares or the rights relating thereto may not be sold, transferred, gifted, bequeathed, pledged, assigned, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated, voluntarily or involuntarily, prior to the vesting date for such Restricted Shares 

identified below (the Vesting Date ). On the Vesting Date, such restriction on transfer shall lapse and the Restricted Shares, if not previously forfeited pursuant to Section 4 below, will become freely transferable under this Award Agreement and the Plan, subject only to such further limitations on transfer, if any, as may exist under applicable law or any other agreement binding upon Participant. Subject to any exceptions listed in this Award Agreement or in the Plan, the Restricted Shares shall become vested in accordance with the schedule set forth below: Vesting Date Percentage of Shares Vested 33 33 33 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Committee may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the Vesting Date for any or all of the Restricted Shares, if in its judgment the performance of Participant has warranted such acceleration and/or such acceleration is in the best interests of the Company, and (ii) if Participant s position as a Service Provider with the Company or any of its Affiliates is terminated by the Company or such Affiliate without Cause or by reason of the Participant s death or Disability, the Vesting Date for all of the Restricted Shares automatically will be accelerated to the date of Participant s termination as a Service Provider. If the Participant voluntarily terminates their position as a Service Provider with the Company, the portion of Restricted Shares that are unvested shall be forfeited and full ownership of such Restricted Shares and rights will revert to the Company. For purposes of this Award Agreement, Cause means any act or failure to act by the Participant that constitutes willful misconduct or gross negligence. 4. Forfeiture Prior to Vesting . Unless otherwise provided below, if Participant s position as a Service Provider with the Company or any of its Affiliates is terminated by the Company or any such Affiliate for Cause prior to the Vesting Date for one or more of the Restricted Shares, Participant will thereupon immediately forfeit any and all unvested Restricted Shares, and the full ownership of such Restricted Shares and rights will revert to the Company. Upon such forfeiture, Participant shall have no further rights under this Award Agreement. For purposes of this Award Agreement, transfer of employment between the Company and any of its Affiliates (or between Affiliates) does not constitute a termination of Participant s position as a Service Provider. If the Participant voluntarily terminates their position as a Service Provider with the Company, the portion of Restricted Shares that are unvested shall be forfeited and full ownership of such Restricted Shares and rights will revert to the Company. 5. Certificates . The Restricted Shares are issued to Participant in reliance on the exemption from registration provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act (which may include, without limitation, Regulation D promulgated thereunder). The Restricted Shares shall be issued in the name of Participant or a nominee of Participant as of the Date of Grant. One or more certificates representing the Restricted Shares shall bear a legend substantially similar to the following, and stop transfer instructions may be given to the transfer agent for the Company s Stock that are consistent with such legend: 
 2 

THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE RESTRICTED SECURITIES AND SUBJECT TO CERTAIN CONDITIONS UNDER THE AMCON DISTRIBUTING COMPANY 2022 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN AND THE APPLICABLE RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO WHICH THE SHARES WERE ISSUED. THESE SHARES ARE SUBJECT TO A RISK OF FORFEITURE AND CANNOT BE SOLD, DONATED, TRANSFERRED OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER ENCUMBERED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF SUCH PLAN AND AGREEMENT, COPIES OF WHICH ARE AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION AT THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF AMCON DISTRIBUTING COMPANY. IN ADDITION, THESE SHARES HAVE BEEN ISSUED ON___________, PURSUANT TO THE AMCON DISTRIBUTING COMPANY 2022 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN AND HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT ), OR UNDER ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION THEREUNDER. 6. Dividends and Voting . Participant is entitled to (i) receive all dividends, payable in stock, in cash or in kind, or other distributions, declared on or with respect to any Restricted Shares as of a record date that occurs on or after the Date of Grant hereunder and before any transfer or forfeiture of the Restricted Shares by Participant, provided that any such dividends paid in cash are to be held in escrow by the Company and, such cash dividends and distributions are to be subject to the same rights, restrictions on transfer and conditions regarding vesting and forfeiture as the Restricted Shares with respect to which such dividends or distributions are paid at the time of payment, and (ii) exercise all voting rights with respect to the Restricted Shares, if the record date for the exercise of such voting rights occurs on or after the Date of Grant hereunder and prior to any transfer or forfeiture of such Restricted Shares. In the event of forfeiture by Participant of any or all of the Restricted Shares or any of the equity securities distributed to Participant with respect thereto, Participant shall forfeit all cash dividends held in escrow and relating to the underlying forfeited Restricted Shares and must return to the Company any distributions previously paid to Participant with respect to such Restricted Shares. 7. Titles . Titles are provided herein for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Award Agreement. 8. Notice of I.R.C. Section 83(b) Election . If Participant makes an election under Section 83(b) of the Code, Participant shall promptly notify the Company of such election. 9. Amendment . This Award Agreement may be amended only by a writing executed by the parties hereto which specifically states that it is amending this Award Agreement. 
 3 

10. Governing Law . The laws of the State of Delaware will govern the interpretation, validity and performance of this Award Agreement regardless of the law that might be applied under principles of conflicts of laws. 11. Binding Effect . A signature of a party to this Award Agreement sent by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be deemed to constitute an original and fully effective signature of such party. Except as expressly stated herein to the contrary, this Award Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. This Award Agreement has been executed and delivered by the parties hereto. The Company: Participant: AMCON Distributing Company By: Name: Participant Name Title: Chairman of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors 
 4 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-10.29>
 5
 dit-20230930xex10d29.htm
 EX-10.29

Exhibit 10.29 
 AMCON DISTRIBUTING COMPANY EXECUTIVE CHANGE IN CONTROL SEVERANCE PLAN (Effective as of November 6, 2023) 1. Purpose . 
 AMCON Distributing Company hereby adopts this AMCON Distributing Company Executive Change in Control Severance Plan (this Plan ), as a top-hat welfare plan under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, effective as of November 6, 2023. 2. Definitions . 
 As used herein, the terms identified below shall have the meanings indicated: Administrator means the Committee or its delegate. Affiliate means any person with whom AMCON would be considered a single employer under Code Sections 414(b) or 414(c). AMCON means AMCON Distributing Company. Annual Incentive Plan means Amcon s principal short-term, annual incentive in use by the Company as its annual incentive and performance plan. Applicable CIC Multiplier means, based on the Eligible Executive s designated tier on the Termination Date as set forth on Schedule A to this Plan, one of the following: i. two (2) for Tier One Participants; ii. one (1) for Tier Two Participants; and iii. one-half (0.5) for Tier Three Participants. Base Salary means the Eligible Executive s annual base salary from the Company. Board means the Board of Directors of AMCON. Cause means the Company s termination of an Eligible Executive s employment with the Company as a result of any act or failure to act by the Eligible Executive that constitutes willful misconduct or gross negligence. Cause shall not include any act or failure to act resulting from (i) the Eligible Executive having resigned with Good Reason or (ii) the Eligible Executive s incapacity due to physical or mental illness). Termination of an Eligible Executive s employment shall not be deemed to be for Cause unless and until the Company delivers to the Eligible Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than a three-quarters (3/4) of the Board (after reasonable written notice is provided to the Eligible Executive and the Eligible Executive is given an opportunity, together with counsel, to be heard before the Board), finding that the Eligible Executive has engaged in willful misconduct or gross negligence. Except for a failure, breach, or refusal which, by its nature, cannot reasonably be expected to be cured, the Eligible Executive shall have fifteen (15) business days from the delivery of written notice by the Company within which to cure any acts constituting Cause; provided however, that, if the Company reasonably expects irreparable injury from a delay of fifteen (15) business days, the Company may give the Executive 

 notice of such shorter period within which to cure as is reasonable under the circumstances, which may include the termination of the Executive s employment without notice and with immediate effect. Change in Control means the first to occur of the following events: (i) Any Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner (within the meaning set forth in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company (not including for this purpose any securities acquired directly from the Company or its Affiliates or held by an employee benefit plan of the Company) representing 30 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities, excluding any Person who becomes such a Beneficial Owner in connection with a transaction described in clause (x) of paragraph (iii) of this definition; or (ii) The following individuals cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the number of directors then serving: individuals who, on the Effective Date, constitute the Board and any new director (other than a director whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened election contest, including a consent solicitation, relating to the election of directors of the Company) whose appointment or election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors on the Effective Date or whose appointment, election or nomination for election was previously so approved or recommended; or (iii) There is consummated a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, OTHER THAN (x) a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or any parent thereof), in combination with the ownership of any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company at least 30 of the combined voting power of the securities of the Company or such surviving entity or any parent thereof outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation, or (y) a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company (not including for this purpose any securities acquired directly from the Company or its Affiliates other than in connection with the acquisition by the Company or its Affiliates of a business) representing 30 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities; or (iv) The stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or there is consummated an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, other than a sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets to an entity, at least 30 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are owned by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Company immediately prior to such sale. 
 2 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control shall not be deemed to have occurred by virtue of the consummation of any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which the record holders of the Company s common stock immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have substantially the same proportionate ownership in an entity which owns all or substantially all of the Company s assets immediately following such transaction or series of transactions. COBRA means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended. Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and other guidance promulgated by the Treasury Department and the Internal Revenue Service thereunder. Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board or its delegate. Company means, except as the context requires otherwise, collectively, AMCON Distributing Company, its successors and assigns and/or an Affiliate thereof, as applicable. Disability means the Eligible Executive (i) is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, or (ii) is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under a Company-sponsored accident and health plan. Effective Date means November 6, 2023. Eligible Executive means a key employee of the Company who: i. is expressly designated as an Eligible Executive by the Committee for the purposes of this Plan pursuant to resolutions duly adopted by the Committee; 
 ii. receives written notice of his or her status as an Eligible Executive, which status has not been terminated by the Administrator as provided herein; and iii. has executed and delivered to the Committee an Acknowledgement and Acceptance form, set forth in Appendix B of this Plan. 
 For purposes of this Plan, each Eligible Executive is considered a Specified Employee within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. Good Reason means: i. a material diminution of the Eligible Executive s authority, duties, or responsibilities from those being exercised and performed by the Eligible Executive immediately prior to commencement of the Protection Period; 
 3 

ii. a material reduction in the Eligible Executive s Base Salary in effect immediately prior to commencement of the Protection Period; iii. a material diminution in Eligible Executive s annual target bonus opportunity or long-term compensation (e.g., annual equity grants) below those incentive compensation and bonus opportunities being provided immediately prior to commencement of the Protection Period; iv. a transfer of the Eligible Executive to a location which is more than fifty (50) miles away from the location where the Eligible Executive was required to provide services (if any) immediately prior to commencement of the Protection Period; or v. a failure of any successor to all or substantially all of the Company s business or assets to promptly assume and continue this Plan, whether contractually or as a matter of law, within fifteen (15) days of the transaction which gives rise to the successor s rights in this Plan. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Good Reason shall not be deemed to exist unless (a) the Eligible Executive has first provided notice to the Company of the existence of one of the events described above within a period of 90 days from the initial existence of the event, (b) after such notice the Company has been provided a period of 30 days to reasonably cure the existence of Good Reason and (c) if the Company fails to reasonably cure the existence of Good Reason, the Eligible Executive resigns within 90 days from the initial existence of the Good Reason event. The Eligible Executive s determination of the existence of Good Reason shall be final and conclusive unless such determination is not made in good faith and is made without reasonable belief in the existence of Good Reason. Potential Change in Control means the first occurrence of any one of the following: i. AMCON enters into an agreement, the consummation of which would result in the occurrence of a Change in Control; or ii. the Board adopts a resolution to the effect that a Potential Change in Control has occurred. 
 Protection Period means (i) the period following a Change in Control until the second anniversary of the Change in Control; and (ii) a period that begins upon a Potential Change in Control and ends at the earlier of : (a) date AMCON makes a public announcement; (I) that it has terminated the agreement, the consummation of which would have resulted in the occurrence of a Change in Control; or (II) that the circumstances giving rise to a Potential Change in Control will not result in an actual Change in Control, (b) the date the Board declares in good faith that the circumstances giving rise to a Potential Change in Control will not result in an actual Change in Control, or (c) the second anniversary following the Change in Control. Qualifying CIC Termination means, the occurrence during the Protection Period of either: i. an involuntary termination of an Eligible Executive s employment with the Company without Cause and other than as a result of the Eligible Executive s death or Disability; or 
 4 

ii. a voluntary termination of an Eligible Executive s employment by the Eligible Executive as a result of Good Reason. 
 Termination Date means the date on which an Eligible Executive has a separation from service, within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, from the Company. 3. Eligibility and Effective Term of Plan . 
 a) Eligible Executives . Only Eligible Executives shall be eligible to receive benefits under this Plan. The Committee shall limit the class of persons selected to participate in the Plan to a select group of management or highly compensated employees, within the meaning of Sections 201, 301 and 401 of ERISA.
 b) Qualifying CIC Termination . Subject to the conditions described herein, including, without limitation, the requirements of Sections 5 (Code 280G potential carve-back) of this Plan, the Company will pay severance benefits pursuant to Section 4 of this Plan solely to an Eligible Executive who incurs a Qualifying CIC Termination. 
 c) Non-Qualifying Termination . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan to the contrary, nothing in this Plan shall be construed to require the Company to pay any of the severance benefits under this Plan to an Eligible Executive if the Eligible Executive terminates employment with the Company under any circumstances that do not constitute a Qualifying CIC Termination. 
 d) Effective Term of Plan . Although an Eligible Executive s right under this Plan can be terminated at any time in accordance with Section 6, this Plan shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until terminated by the Committee in accordance with Section 6 (the Term ). 
 
 4. Severance Benefits upon a Qualifying CIC Termination . a) Amount of Severance Payment . Subject to Sections 5 (Code 280G potential carve-back) of this Plan, an Eligible Executive, who incurs a Qualifying CIC Termination and is eligible to receive the following severance benefits on account thereof, shall receive a severance payment in an amount equal to the sum of:
 
 i. the product of the Applicable CIC Multiplier multiplied by the Eligible Executive s Base Salary in effect on the Eligible Executive s Termination Date (or, in the event the Eligible Executive has terminated his or her employment with Good Reason attributable to a material diminution in rate of Eligible Executive s annual salary, the Base Salary in effect immediately before such reduction); ii. the product of the Applicable CIC Multiplier multiplied by the greater of (i) the amount that the Eligible Executive would have received as an annual bonus under the Annual Incentive Plan for the plan year in which the Termination Date occurs, if an at target level of performance were achieved for such plan year and the Eligible Executive had remained employed through the end of the applicable performance year or (ii) the average actual bonus the Eligible Executive received during the two immediately preceding full annual bonus period cycles; iii. twenty-four (24) times the cost for one month s COBRA continuation premiums to cover the Eligible Executive and his or her eligible dependents, if any, under the 
 5 

Company s health, vision and dental plans in effect as of Eligible Executive s Termination Date. Such amount will include the cost of premiums for coverage of the Eligible Executive s dependents if, and only to the extent that, such dependents were enrolled in a health, vision or dental plan sponsored by the Company on the Eligible Executive s Termination Date; and iv. a pro rata portion of the annual incentive bonus that the Eligible Executive would have received under the Annual Incentive Plan (or other annual incentive plan then in use by the Company) for the performance year during which his or her Termination Date occurs. The amount of such pro rata portion shall be the amount that the Eligible Executive would have received if the Eligible Executive had remained employed through the end of the applicable performance year and if an at target level of performance were achieved for such performance year, divided by three hundred and sixty-five (365), multiplied by the number of days between the first day of the performance year and the Eligible Executive s Termination Date. 
 In addition to such severance payment, immediately before the Termination Date each stock option, share of restricted stock, award of restricted stock unit and any other equity award then held by the Eligible Executive and outstanding shall, without regard to any vesting schedule, restriction or performance target, automatically become fully exercisable, fully vested or fully payable, as the case may be, on the Eligible Executive s Termination Date. b) Timing of Severance Payment . The severance payment pursuant to Section 4(a) shall be paid in a single lump-sum cash payment, less all applicable withholding taxes within the five (5) business day period following the Eligible Executive s Termination Date. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, if any portion of the severance payment under Section 4(a) constitutes non-exempt nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A, payment shall be delayed until the earlier of (i) the first day after six (6) months following such Termination Date, as determined by the Company for the avoidance of penalties and/or excise taxes under Code Section 409A, or (ii) the date the Eligible Executive dies following such Termination Date. 
 
 5. IRC 280G: Best Net Protection. 
 In the event that the severance payments, distributions or benefits to be made by the Company to or for the benefit of the Eligible Executive (whether paid, payable, distributed, distributable or provided pursuant to the terms of this Plan, under some other plan, agreement, or arrangement, or otherwise) Payments (i) constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Code Section 280G and (ii) but for this Section 5 would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Code Section 4999 (the Excise Tax ), then the Payments to the Eligible Executive shall be either: (a) delivered in full, or (b) delivered after reducing the Payments one dollar 1) below the safe harbor limit (as described in Code Section 280G(b)(2)(A)(ii)) which would result in no portion of the Payments being subject to the Excise Tax. The choice between (a) and (b) shall depend upon whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state, and local income taxes and the Excise Tax, results in the receipt by the Eligible Executive, on an after-tax basis, of the greater amount, notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payments may be taxable under Code Section 4999. In the event that the Payments are required to be reduced by this paragraph, any amount payable pursuant to Section 4 shall be reduced, first by reducing all Payments that do not constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Code Section 409A (in the order designated by the Eligible Executive), second, by reducing all Payments other than those made pursuant to Section 4 that do not constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Code Section 409A (in the order designated by the Eligible Executive), and third, 
 6 

reducing all Payments that constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Code Section 409A, with the latest of such scheduled payments being reduced first. AMCON s accounting firm shall make all determinations required by this paragraph, and AMCON and the Eligible Executive shall cooperate with each other and the accounting firm and shall provide necessary information so that the accounting firm may make all such determinations. AMCON shall pay all of the fees of the accounting firm for services performed by the accounting firm as contemplated in this Section 5. 6. Administration/Amendment of Plan/Termination of Plan/Removal of Eligible Executives . 
 a) Administrator . The Administrator has the authority to construe and interpret this Plan and to make any and all determinations related to administration of this Plan, including all questions of eligibility for participation and benefits, to the maximum extent permitted by law. The decisions, actions and interpretations of the Administrator shall be made in good faith and consistent with the terms and conditions of the Plan. The Administrator may delegate any of its duties under the Plan to such individuals or entities from time to time as it may designate.
 b) Amendment of Plan . The Committee expressly reserves the right to amend this Plan, in whole or in part, at any time and in any way it determines to be advisable; provided that, unless consented to in writing by an Eligible Executive, no amendment which could materially and adversely affect the rights of any Eligible Executive under the Plan shall be applicable to the Eligible Executive (i) in the case of any amendment adopted outside of a Protection Period, until, for a Tier One Participant, the third anniversary of such proposed amendment, for a Tier Two Participant, the second anniversary of such proposed amendment, and for a Tier Three Participant, the first anniversary of such proposed amendment, and (ii) in the case of any amendment adopted during a Protection Period, until the third anniversary of the last day of the Protection Period. In no event shall a notification in accordance with Section 6(d) below to an Eligible Executive notifying him or her that his or her participation in the Plan will terminate constitute an amendment to the Plan requiring such Eligible Executive s prior written consent.
 c) Termination of Plan . The Committee reserves the right to terminate this Plan for any Eligible Executive other than a Tier One Participant by providing written notice to any such Eligible Executive. As applicable, any such notice must be provided, with respect to any Tier Two Participant, at least two years prior to the proposed effective date of such termination, and with respect to any Tier Three Participant, at least one year prior to the proposed effective date of such termination. The requirement to provide timely notice may be waived with the Eligible Executive s written consent. If such notice is timely given or all of the Eligible Executives provide written consent, the Plan s Term will end upon the earlier of the applicable anniversary (based on the applicable tier of such Eligible Executive) or receipt of consent; provided that if the Term expires or is scheduled to expire during the Protection Period, the Term shall be deemed to have been extended through the end of the Protection Period, and the Plan shall continue in full force and effect and shall not terminate or expire until the first day immediately following the expiration of the Protection Period. A proper termination of this Plan automatically shall effect a termination of the Eligible Executive s rights and benefits hereunder without further action or notice; provided, however, no termination shall reduce or terminate any Eligible Executive s right to receive, or continue to receive, any benefits that became payable in respect of a termination of employment that occurred prior to the date of such termination.
 d) Removal of Eligible Executives . Other than with respect to any Eligible Executive who is a Tier One Participant, the Committee reserves the right to terminate and remove an Eligible Executive from participating in this Plan by providing written notice to any such Tier Two or Tier 

 7 

Three Participant. As applicable, any such notice shall be provided, with respect to any Tier Two Participant, at least two years prior to the proposed removal of the Eligible Executive, and with respect to any Tier Three Participant, at least one year prior to the proposed removal of the Eligible Executive. The requirement to provide advance notice may be waived with the Eligible Executive s written consent. Such notice, if timely given or the Eligible Executive s written consent is received, will terminate the Eligible Executive s right to receive severance benefits under this Plan at the end of such notice period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event may the Committee terminate the participation of an Eligible Executive during the Protection Period if the Eligible Executive is eligible to receive severance benefits upon a Qualifying CIC Termination in accordance with Section 4.
 
 7. Claims for Benefits . 
 Any claim for benefits under this Plan shall be subject to the claims procedures contained in Appendix A attached to this Plan. 8. Miscellaneous Provisions . 
 a) Waiver . The failure of the Company to enforce at any time any of the provisions of this Plan, or to require at any time performance of any of the provisions of this Plan, shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of these provisions, nor in any way to affect the validity of this Plan or any part thereof, or the right of the Company thereafter to enforce every provision.
 b) Benefits Not Transferable . Except as may be required by law, no benefit eligible to be payable under this Plan to any Eligible Executive shall be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance or charge, and any attempt to alienate, sell, transfer, assign, pledge, encumber or charge all or any part of the benefit shall be void; provided, however, that if a terminated Eligible Executive dies before the end of the period over which such Eligible Executive is entitled to receive severance benefits under this Plan, the severance benefits payable hereunder shall be paid to the estate of such Eligible Executive or to the person who acquired the rights to such benefits by bequest or inheritance (the Beneficiary ). Except as may be provided by law, no benefit shall in any manner be subject to the debts, contracts, liabilities, engagements or torts of any Eligible Executive, nor shall it be subject to attachment or legal process for, or against, the Eligible Executive and the same shall not be recognized under this Plan.
 c) Successors of the Company . This Plan shall bind any successor of the Company, its assets or its businesses (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise), in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be obligated under this Plan if no succession had taken place. In the case of any transaction in which a successor would not by the foregoing provision or by operation of law be bound by this Plan, the Company shall require such successor expressly and unconditionally to assume and agree to perform the Company s obligations under this Plan, in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. 
 d) No Contract of Employment . The definitions and criteria set forth herein are solely for the purpose of defining Plan eligibility. No legal rights to employment are created or implied by this Plan, nor are any conditions or restrictions hereby placed on termination of employment. Unless the employee has a written employment agreement binding on the Company that provides otherwise, employment with the Company is at will. As such, termination of employment may 

 8 

be initiated by the Eligible Executive or by the Company at any time for any reason that is not unlawful, with or without Cause.
 e) Governing Law . To the extent not pre-empted by federal law, this Plan shall be construed, administered and governed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to any conflict of law principles. Subject to Section 8(g), any action concerning this Plan shall be brought in the U.S. District Court for the District of Nebraska or, if such court does not have jurisdiction or will not accept jurisdiction, then any action shall be brought in state court in Douglas County, Nebraska, and each party consents to the venue and jurisdiction of such court.
 f) Entire Plan . This Plan constitutes the Company s entire change in control severance plan for the Eligible Executives and, except as provided in Section 8(g) and Section 9 of this Plan, supersedes any and all previous representations, understandings and plans with respect to general severance for the Eligible Executives, and any such representations, understandings and plans with respect to Eligible Executive severance are hereby canceled and terminated in all respects.
 g) Severability and Interpretation . Whenever possible, each provision of this Plan and any portion hereof shall be interpreted in such a manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, rules and regulations. If any provision of this Plan (or portion thereof) shall be held to be invalid, illegal, or incapable of being enforced, by reason of any rule of law, rule, regulation, administrative order, judicial decision or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Plan shall, nevertheless, remain in full force and effect, and no provision shall be deemed dependent upon any other provision (or portion) unless so expressed herein. The parties hereto desire and consent that the court or other body making such determination shall, to the extent necessary to avoid any unenforceability, so reform such other provision or portion of this Plan to the minimum extent necessary so as to render the same enforceable in accordance with the intent herein expressed.
 h) No Mitigation Required . The Eligible Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount provided for in Section 4 of this Plan by seeking other employment or otherwise.
 i) Validity . If any provision of this Plan is held invalid, void or unenforceable, the same shall not affect, in any respect whatsoever, the validity of any other provision of this Plan.
 j) Captions and Titles . Captions and titles have been used in this Plan only for convenience, and in no way define, limit or describe the meaning of this Plan or any part thereof.
 k) Section 409A Savings Clause . This Plan is intended to comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code, including the exceptions for short-term deferrals, separation pay arrangements, and reimbursements, and shall be administered and interpreted in accordance with such intent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any term or provision that is determined by the Administrator to have an ambiguous definition shall be interpreted, to the extent reasonable, to comply with Section 409A of the Code. Any reference in this Plan to a termination of employment or similar term or phrase shall be interpreted as a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. Each payment under this Plan (including any payment made in a series of installment payments) shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. In no event may an Eligible Executive, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of any payment to be made under this Plan.

9 

9. No Duplication of Benefits . 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, any benefits received by an Eligible Executive pursuant to this Plan shall be in lieu of any general severance policy or other change in control severance plan maintained by the Company, except to the extent any such substitution in severance benefits or payment timing would result in a violation of Code Section 409A. 
 10 

SCHEDULE A ELIGIBLE EXECUTIVES as of November 6, 2023 Tier One Executives : Tier Two Executives : Tier Three Executives : 
 11 

APPENDIX A TO EXECUTIVE CHANGE IN CONTROL SEVERANCE PLAN Claims Procedures a) Initial Claims . A request for a Plan benefit shall be filed with the Chair of the Committee or his or her designee, on a form prescribed by the Committee, within sixty (60) days after the Eligible Executive s termination of employment. Such a request, hereinafter referred to as a claim , will be deemed filed when the executed claim form is received by the Chair of the Committee or his or her designee. 
 The Chair of the Committee or his or her designee shall decide such a claim within a reasonable time after it is received. If a claim is wholly or partially denied, the claimant will be furnished a written notice setting forth, in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant: i. The specific reason or reasons for the denial; ii. A specific reference to pertinent Plan provisions on which the denial is based; iii. A description of any additional material or information necessary for the claimant to perfect the claim, along with an explanation of why such material or information is necessary; and iv. Appropriate information as to the steps to be taken if the claimant wishes to appeal his or her claim, including the period in which the appeal must be filed and the period in which it will be decided. 
 The notice will be furnished to the claimant within ninety (90) calendar days after receipt of the claim by the Chair of the Committee or his or her designee, unless special circumstances require an extension of time for processing the claim. No extension will be for more than ninety (90) calendar days after the end of the initial ninety (90) calendar day period. If an extension of time for processing is required, written notice of the extension will be furnished to the claimant before the end of the initial ninety (90) calendar day period. The extension notice will indicate the special circumstances requiring an extension of time and the date by which a final decision will be rendered. b) Appeal of Denied Claims . If a claim is denied, in whole or in part, the claimant may appeal the denial to the full Committee, upon written notice to the Chair thereof. The claimant may review documents pertinent to the appeal and may submit issues and comments in writing to the Committee. No appeal will be considered unless it is received by the Committee within ninety (90) calendar days after receipt by the claimant of written notification of denial of the claim. The Committee shall decide the appeal within sixty (60) calendar days after it is received. However, if special circumstances require an extension of time for processing, a decision will be rendered as soon as possible, but not later than one hundred twenty (120) calendar days after the appeal is received. If such an extension of time for deciding the appeal is required, written notice of the extension shall be furnished to the claimant before the commencement of the extension. The Committee s decision will be in writing and will include specific reasons for the decision, written in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant, and specific references to the pertinent Plan provisions upon which the decision is based.
 c) Exhaustion of Administrative Remedies . The exhaustion of these claims procedures is mandatory for resolving every claim and dispute arising under this Plan. As to such claims and disputes: (i) no claimant shall be permitted to commence any legal action to recover benefits or to enforce or clarify rights under the Plan under Section 502 or Section 510 of ERISA or under any other provision of law, whether or not statutory, until these claims procedures have been exhausted 

 12 

in their entirety; and (ii) in any such legal action, all explicit and all implicit determinations by the Chair of the Committee and the Committee (including, but not limited to, determinations as to whether the claim, or a request for a review of a denied claim, was timely filed) shall be afforded the maximum deference permitted by law. 
 d) Deadline to File Action . No legal action to recover benefits under this Plan or to enforce or clarify rights under the Plan under Section 502 or Section 510 of ERISA or under any other provision of law, whether or not statutory, may be brought by any claimant on any matter pertaining to this Plan unless the legal action is commenced in the proper forum before the earlier of: (i) eighteen (18) months after the claimant knew or reasonably should have known of the principal facts on which the claim is based; or (ii) six (6) months after the claimant has exhausted the claims procedure under this Plan. Knowledge of all facts that the claimant knew or reasonably should have known shall be imputed to every claimant who is or claims to be a Beneficiary of an Eligible Executive or otherwise claims to derive an entitlement by reference to the Eligible Executive for the purpose of applying the previously-specified periods.
 e) Plan Claims Administrator Discretion; Court Review . The Chair of the Committee, the Committee, and all persons determining or reviewing claims have full discretion to determine benefit claims under this Plan. Any interpretation, determination or other action of such persons shall be subject to review only if it is arbitrary or capricious or otherwise an abuse of discretion. Any review of a final decision or action of the persons reviewing a claim shall be based only on such evidence presented to or considered by such persons at the time they made the decision that is the subject of review.

13 

APPENDIX B AMCON DISTRIBUTING COMPANY EXECUTIVE CHANGE IN CONTROL SEVERANCE PLAN ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PLAN AMCON Distributing Company AMCON has established the AMCON Distributing Company Executive Change in Control Severance Plan (the Plan ). The Plan provides severance payments and benefits to certain eligible executives in the event of a certain Qualifying Terminations (as defined in the Plan) and in connection with a Change in Control of AMCON. You are eligible to participate in the Plan. By the signatures below of the representative of AMCON and the Eligible Executive named herein, the Company (as defined in the Plan) and the Eligible Executive agree that the Company hereby designates the Eligible Executive as eligible to participate in the Plan, and the Eligible Executive hereby acknowledges and accepts such participation, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, and agrees to the terms of the Plan, which is attached hereto and made a part hereof. Name of Eligible Executive: FirstName LastName Date of Eligibility and Participation: Date Entire Agreement . By signing this Acknowledgement and Acceptance, the Eligible Executive agrees and acknowledges that this Plan contains the entire agreement of the parties and replaces and supersedes any prior severance related agreement, and any other agreement, plan or arrangement between the Company and the Eligible Executive relating to the payment of severance-related benefits upon the Eligible Executive s involuntary termination of employment. At Will Employment . The Eligible Executive agrees and acknowledges that nothing in this Acknowledgment and Acceptance or in the Plan confers upon the Eligible Executive any right to continue in employment for any period of specific duration or interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Company or of the Eligible Executive, which rights are hereby expressly reserved by each, terminate the Eligible Executive s employment at any time for any reason. Amendment and Termination of Plan . The Eligible Executive agrees and acknowledges that the Company reserves the right to amend or terminate the Plan in accordance with the terms of the Plan or remove the Eligible Executive from an eligible participant thereunder, in accordance with the terms of the Plan. No amendment or termination shall eliminate or reduce any benefit with respect to any Eligible Executive who experiences a Qualifying CIC Termination (as defined in the Plan) that occurs on or before such amendment or termination becomes effective. Nonduplication of Benefits . The Eligible Executive agrees and acknowledges that any benefits received pursuant to this Plan shall be in lieu of any general severance policy or other change in control severance plan maintained by the Company, except to the extent any such substitution in severance benefits or payment timing would result in a violation of Internal Revenue Code Section 409A. Eligible Executive: AMCON Distributing Company By:________________________ By:________________________ Name:_____________________ Name:_____________________ Title:______________________ 
 Attachment: AMCON Distributing Company Executive Change in Control Severance Plan 
 14 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-10.30>
 6
 dit-20230930xex10d30.htm
 EX-10.30

Exhibit 10.30 
 INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT This Indemnification Agreement (this Agreement ), dated as of November 6, 2023, is by and between AMCON Distributing Company, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and ____________ (the Indemnitee ), a director and/or officer of the Company. WHEREAS , Indemnitee is a director and/or officer of the Company; WHEREAS , both the Company and Indemnitee recognize the increased risk of litigation and other claims being asserted against directors and officers of public companies; WHEREAS , the board of directors of the Company (the Board has determined that enhancing the ability of the Company to retain and attract as directors and officers the most capable persons is in the best interests of the Company and that the Company therefore should seek to assure such persons that indemnification and insurance coverage is available; and WHEREAS , in recognition of the need to provide Indemnitee with substantial protection against personal liability, in order to procure Indemnitee s continued service as a director and/or officer of the Company and to enhance Indemnitee s ability to serve the Company in an effective manner, and in order to provide such protection pursuant to express contract rights (intended to be enforceable irrespective of, among other things, any amendment to the Company s certificate of incorporation or bylaws (collectively, the Constituent Documents ), any change in the composition of the Board or any change in control or business combination transaction relating to the Company), the Company wishes to provide in this Agreement for the indemnification of, and the advancement of Expenses (as defined in Section 1(f) below) to, Indemnitee as set forth in this Agreement and for the continued coverage of Indemnitee under the Company s directors and officers liability insurance policies. NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing and the Indemnitee s agreement to continue to provide services to the Company, the parties agree as follows: 1. Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: (a) Beneficial Owner has the meaning given to the term beneficial owner in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). (b) Change in Control means the occurrence after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events: (i) any Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 15 or more of the Company s then outstanding Voting Securities unless the change in relative Beneficial Ownership of the Company s securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; 

(ii) the consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation, unless immediately following such reorganization, merger or consolidation, all of the Beneficial Owners of the Voting Securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 80 of the combined voting power of the outstanding Voting Securities of the entity resulting from such transaction; (iii) during any period of two consecutive years, not including any period prior to the execution of this Agreement, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board (including for this purpose any new directors whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; or (iv) the stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets. (c) Claim means: (i) any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, proceeding or alternative dispute resolution mechanism, whether civil, criminal, administrative, arbitrative, investigative or other, and whether made pursuant to federal, state or other law; or (ii) any inquiry, hearing or investigation that the Indemnitee determines might lead to the institution of any such action, suit, proceeding or alternative dispute resolution mechanism. (d) Delaware Courts shall mean the courts of the State of Delaware. (e) Disinterested Director means a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Claim in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. (f) Expenses means any and all expenses, including attorneys and experts fees, court costs, transcript costs, travel expenses, duplicating, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, and all other costs and expenses incurred in connection with investigating, defending, being a witness in or participating in (including on appeal), or preparing to defend, be a witness or participate in, any Claim. Expenses also shall include (i) Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Claim, including without limitation the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent, and (ii) for purposes of Section 5 only, Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement, by litigation or otherwise. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee. The parties agree that for the purposes of any advancement of Expenses for which Indemnitee has made written demand to the Company in 
 2 

accordance with this Agreement, all Expenses included in such demand that are certified by affidavit of Indemnitee s counsel as being reasonable shall be presumed conclusively to be reasonable. (g) Expense Advance means any payment of Expenses advanced to Indemnitee by the Company pursuant to Section 4 or Section 5 hereof. (h) Indemnifiable Event means any event or occurrence, whether occurring before, on or after the date of this Agreement, related to the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, member, manager, trustee or agent of any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity or enterprise, including with respect to employee benefit plans (collectively with the Company, Enterprise or by reason of an action or inaction by Indemnitee in any such capacity (whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any Loss is incurred for which indemnification can be provided under this Agreement). (i) Independent Counsel means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently performs, nor in the past five years has performed, services for either: (i) the Company or Indemnitee (other than in connection with matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement or of other indemnitees under similar agreements) or (ii) any other party to the Claim giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement. (j) Losses means any and all Expenses, damages, losses, liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties (whether civil, criminal or other), ERISA excise taxes, amounts paid or payable in settlement, including any interest, assessments, any federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement and all other charges paid or payable in connection with investigating, defending, being a witness in or participating in (including on appeal), or preparing to defend, be a witness or participate in, any Claim. (k) Person means any individual, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, estate, trust, business association, organization, governmental entity or other entity and includes the meaning set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act. (l) Standard of Conduct Determination shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 9(b) below. (m) Voting Securities means any securities of the Company that vote generally in the election of directors. 2. Services to the Company . Indemnitee agrees to continue to serve as a director or officer of the Company for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected or appointed or until Indemnitee tenders his or her resignation or is no longer serving in such capacity. This Agreement shall not be 
 3 

deemed an employment agreement between the Company (or any of its subsidiaries or Enterprise) and Indemnitee. Indemnitee specifically acknowledges that his or her employment with or service to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or Enterprise is at will and the Indemnitee may be discharged at any time for any reason, with or without cause, except as may be otherwise provided in any written employment agreement between Indemnitee and the Company (or any of its subsidiaries or Enterprise), other applicable formal severance policies duly adopted by the Board or, with respect to service as a director or officer of the Company, by the Company s Constituent Documents or Delaware law. 3. Indemnification . Subject to Section 9 and Section 10 of this Agreement, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware in effect on the date hereof, or as such laws may from time to time hereafter be amended to increase the scope of such permitted indemnification, against any and all Losses if Indemnitee was or is or becomes a party to or participant in, or is threatened to be made a party to or participant in, any Claim by reason of or arising in part out of an Indemnifiable Event, including, without limitation, Claims brought by or in the right of the Company, Claims brought by third parties, and Claims in which the Indemnitee is solely a witness. 4. Advancement of Expenses . Indemnitee shall have the right to advancement by the Company, prior to the final disposition of any Claim by final adjudication to which there are no further rights of appeal, of any and all Expenses actually and reasonably paid or incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any Claim arising out of an Indemnifiable Event. Indemnitee s right to such advancement is not subject to the satisfaction of any standard of conduct. Without limiting the generality or effect of the foregoing, within five days after any request by Indemnitee, the Company shall, in accordance with such request, (a) pay such Expenses on behalf of Indemnitee, (b) advance to Indemnitee funds in an amount sufficient to pay such Expenses, or (c) reimburse Indemnitee for such Expenses. In connection with any request for advances of Expenses, Indemnitee shall not be required to provide any documentation or information to the extent that the provision thereof would undermine or otherwise jeopardize attorney-client privilege. Execution and delivery to the Company of this Agreement by Indemnitee constitutes an undertaking by the Indemnitee to repay any amounts paid, advanced or reimbursed by the Company pursuant to this Section 4 in respect of Expenses relating to, arising out of or resulting from any Claim in respect of which it shall be determined, pursuant to Section 9 , following the final disposition of such Claim, that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification hereunder. No other form of undertaking shall be required other than the execution of this Agreement. Indemnitee s obligation to reimburse the Company for advanced Expenses shall be unsecured and no interest shall be charged thereon. 5. Indemnification for Expenses in Enforcing Rights . To the fullest extent allowable under applicable law, the Company shall also indemnify against, and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall advance to Indemnitee subject to and in accordance with Section 4 , any Expenses actually and reasonably paid or incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any action or proceeding by Indemnitee for (a) indemnification or reimbursement or advance payment of Expenses by the Company under any provision of this Agreement, or under any other agreement or provision of the Constituent Documents now or hereafter in effect relating to Claims relating to Indemnifiable Events, and/or (b) recovery under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be 
 4 

entitled to such indemnification or insurance recovery, as the case may be. However, in the event that Indemnitee is ultimately determined not to be entitled to such indemnification or insurance recovery, as the case may be, then all amounts advanced under this Section 5 shall be repaid. Indemnitee shall be required to reimburse the Company in the event that a final judicial determination is made that such action brought by Indemnitee was frivolous or not made in good faith. 6. Partial Indemnity . If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for a portion of any Losses in respect of a Claim related to an Indemnifiable Event but not for the total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion thereof to which Indemnitee is entitled. 7. Notification and Defense of Claims . (a) Notification of Claims . Indemnitee shall notify the Company in writing as soon as practicable of any Claim which could relate to an Indemnifiable Event or for which Indemnitee could seek Expense advancements, including a brief description (based upon information then available to Indemnitee) of the nature of, and the facts underlying, such Claim. The failure by Indemnitee to timely notify the Company hereunder shall not relieve the Company from any liability hereunder unless the Company s ability to participate in the defense of such claim was materially and adversely affected by such failure. If at the time of the receipt of such notice, the Company has directors and officers liability insurance in effect under which coverage for Claims related to Indemnifiable Events is potentially available, the Company shall give prompt written notice to the applicable insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the applicable policies. (b) Defense of Claims . The Company shall be entitled to participate in the defense of any Claim relating to an Indemnifiable Event at its own expense and, except as otherwise provided below, to the extent the Company so wishes, it may assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to Indemnitee. After notice from the Company to Indemnitee of its election to assume the defense of any such Claim, the Company shall not be liable to Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise for any Expenses subsequently directly incurred by Indemnitee in connection with Indemnitee s defense of such Claim other than reasonable costs of investigation or as otherwise provided below. Indemnitee shall have the right to employ its own legal counsel in such Claim, but all Expenses related to such counsel incurred after notice from the Company of its assumption of the defense shall be at Indemnitee s own expense; provided, however, that if (i) Indemnitee s employment of its own legal counsel has been authorized by the Company, (ii) Indemnitee has reasonably determined that there may be a conflict of interest between Indemnitee and the Company in the defense of such Claim, (iii) after a Change in Control, Indemnitee s employment of its own counsel has been approved by the Independent Counsel or (iv) the Company shall not in fact have employed counsel to assume the defense of such Claim, then Indemnitee shall be entitled to retain its own separate counsel (but not more than one law firm plus, if applicable, local counsel in respect of any such Claim) and all Expenses related to such separate counsel shall be borne by the Company. 
 5 

8. Procedure upon Application for Indemnification . In order to obtain indemnification pursuant to this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request therefor, including in such request such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification following the final disposition of the Claim, provided that documentation and information need not be so provided to the extent that the provision thereof would undermine or otherwise jeopardize attorney-client privilege. Indemnification shall be made insofar as the Company determines Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification in accordance with Section 9 below. 9. Determination of Right to Indemnification . (a) Mandatory Indemnification; Indemnification as a Witness . (i) To the extent that Indemnitee shall have been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any Claim relating to an Indemnifiable Event or any portion thereof or in defense of any issue or matter therein, including without limitation dismissal without prejudice, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Losses relating to such Claim in accordance with Section 3 to the fullest extent allowable by law, and no Standard of Conduct Determination (as defined in Section 9(b) shall be required. (ii) To the extent that Indemnitee s involvement in a Claim relating to an Indemnifiable Event is to prepare to serve and serve as a witness, and not as a party, the Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Losses incurred in connection therewith to the fullest extent allowable by law and no Standard of Conduct Determination (as defined in Section 9(b) shall be required. (b) Standard of Conduct . To the extent that the provisions of Section 9(a) are inapplicable to a Claim related to an Indemnifiable Event that shall have been finally disposed of, any determination of whether Indemnitee has satisfied any applicable standard of conduct under Delaware law that is a legally required condition to indemnification of Indemnitee hereunder against Losses relating to such Claim and any determination that advanced Expenses must be repaid to the Company (a Standard of Conduct Determination shall be made as follows: (i) if no Change in Control has occurred, (A) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even if less than a quorum of the Board, (B) by a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum or (C) if there are no such Disinterested Directors, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion addressed to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee; and (ii) if a Change in Control shall have occurred, (A) if the Indemnitee so requests in writing, by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even if less than a quorum of the Board or (B) otherwise, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion addressed to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee. 
 6 

The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall reimburse Indemnitee for, or advance to Indemnitee, within five days of such request, any and all Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in cooperating with the person or persons making such Standard of Conduct Determination. (c) Making the Standard of Conduct Determination . The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause any Standard of Conduct Determination required under Section 9(b) to be made as promptly as practicable. If the person or persons designated to make the Standard of Conduct Determination under Section 9(b) shall not have made a determination within 30 days after the later of (A) receipt by the Company of a written request from Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to Section 8 (the date of such receipt being the Notification Date and (B) the selection of an Independent Counsel, if such determination is to be made by Independent Counsel, then Indemnitee shall be deemed to have satisfied the applicable standard of conduct; provided that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional 30 days, if the person or persons making such determination in good faith requires such additional time to obtain or evaluate information relating thereto. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no determination as to entitlement of Indemnitee to indemnification under this Agreement shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition of any Claim. (d) Payment of Indemnification . If, in regard to any Losses: (i) Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification pursuant to Section 9(a) ; (ii) no Standard Conduct Determination is legally required as a condition to indemnification of Indemnitee hereunder; or (iii) Indemnitee has been determined or deemed pursuant to Section 9(b) or Section 9(c) to have satisfied the Standard of Conduct Determination, then the Company shall pay to Indemnitee, within five days after the later of (A) the Notification Date or (B) the earliest date on which the applicable criterion specified in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) is satisfied, an amount equal to such Losses. (e) Selection of Independent Counsel for Standard of Conduct Determination . If a Standard of Conduct Determination is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 9(b)(i) , the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board of Directors, and the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising him or her of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. If a Standard of Conduct Determination is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 9(b)(ii) , the Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee, and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. In either case, Indemnitee or the Company, as applicable, may, within five days after receiving written notice of selection from the other, deliver to the other a written objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not satisfy the criteria set forth in the definition of Independent Counsel in 
 7 

Section 1(i) , and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person or firm so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is properly and timely made and substantiated, (i) the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit; and (ii) the non-objecting party may, at its option, select an alternative Independent Counsel and give written notice to the other party advising such other party of the identity of the alternative Independent Counsel so selected, in which case the provisions of the two immediately preceding sentences, the introductory clause of this sentence and numbered clause (i) of this sentence shall apply to such subsequent selection and notice. If applicable, the provisions of clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall apply to successive alternative selections. If no Independent Counsel that is permitted under the foregoing provisions of this Section 9(e) to make the Standard of Conduct Determination shall have been selected within 20 days after the Company gives its initial notice pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 9(e) or Indemnitee gives its initial notice pursuant to the second sentence of this Section 9(e) , as the case may be, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Delaware Courts to resolve any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the other s selection of Independent Counsel and/or to appoint as Independent Counsel a person to be selected by the Court or such other person as the Court shall designate, and the person or firm with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person or firm so appointed will act as Independent Counsel. In all events, the Company shall pay all of the reasonable fees and expenses of the Independent Counsel incurred in connection with the Independent Counsel s determination pursuant to Section 9(b) . (f) Presumptions and Defenses . (i) Indemnitee s Entitlement to Indemnification . In making any Standard of Conduct Determination, the person or persons making such determination shall presume that Indemnitee has satisfied the applicable standard of conduct and is entitled to indemnification, and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption and establish that Indemnitee is not so entitled. Any Standard of Conduct Determination that is adverse to Indemnitee may be challenged by the Indemnitee in the Delaware Courts. No determination by the Company (including by its directors or any Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not satisfied any applicable standard of conduct may be used as a defense to any legal proceedings brought by Indemnitee to secure indemnification or reimbursement or advance payment of Expenses by the Company hereunder or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met any applicable standard of conduct. (ii) Reliance as a Safe Harbor . For purposes of this Agreement, and without creating any presumption as to a lack of good faith if the following circumstances do not exist, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company if Indemnitee s actions or omissions to act are taken in good faith reliance upon the records of the Company, including its financial 
 8 

statements, or upon information, opinions, reports or statements furnished to Indemnitee by the officers or employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries in the course of their duties, or by committees of the Board or by any other Person (including legal counsel, accountants and financial advisors) as to matters Indemnitee reasonably believes are within such other Person s professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Company. In addition, the knowledge and/or actions, or failures to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Company shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnity hereunder. (iii) No Other Presumptions . For purposes of this Agreement, the termination of any Claim by judgment, order, settlement (whether with or without court approval) or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, will not create a presumption that Indemnitee did not meet any applicable standard of conduct or have any particular belief, or that indemnification hereunder is otherwise not permitted. (iv) Defense to Indemnification and Burden of Proof . It shall be a defense to any action brought by Indemnitee against the Company to enforce this Agreement (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for Losses incurred in defending against a Claim related to an Indemnifiable Event in advance of its final disposition) that it is not permissible under applicable law for the Company to indemnify Indemnitee for the amount claimed. In connection with any such action or any related Standard of Conduct Determination, the burden of proving such a defense or that the Indemnitee did not satisfy the applicable standard of conduct shall be on the Company. (v) Resolution of Claims . The Company acknowledges that a settlement or other disposition short of final judgment may be successful on the merits or otherwise for purposes of Section 9(a)(i) if it permits a party to avoid expense, delay, distraction, disruption and uncertainty. In the event that any Claim relating to an Indemnifiable Event to which Indemnitee is a party is resolved in any manner other than by adverse judgment against Indemnitee (including, without limitation, settlement of such action, claim or proceeding with or without payment of money or other consideration) it shall be presumed that Indemnitee has been successful on the merits or otherwise for purposes of Section 9(a)(i) . The Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome this presumption. 10. Exclusions from Indemnification . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not be obligated to: (a) indemnify or advance funds to Indemnitee for Expenses or Losses with respect to proceedings initiated by Indemnitee, including any proceedings against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees and not by way of defense, except: 
 9 

(i) proceedings referenced in Section 5 above (unless a court of competent jurisdiction determines that each of the material assertions made by Indemnitee in such proceeding was not made in good faith or was frivolous); or (ii) where the Company has joined in or the Board has consented to the initiation of such proceedings. (b) indemnify Indemnitee if a final decision by a court of competent jurisdiction determines that such indemnification is prohibited by applicable law. (c) indemnify Indemnitee for the disgorgement of profits arising from the purchase or sale by Indemnitee of securities of the Company in violation of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, or any similar successor statute. (d) indemnify or advance funds to Indemnitee for Indemnitee s reimbursement to the Company of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation previously received by Indemnitee or payment of any profits realized by Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company, as required in each case under the Exchange Act (including any such reimbursements under Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 in connection with an accounting restatement of the Company or under the Company s clawback policy adopted under Rule 10D-1 under the Exchange Act and Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, or the payment to the Company of profits arising from the purchase or sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act). 11. Settlement of Claims . The Company shall not be liable to Indemnitee under this Agreement for any amounts paid in settlement of any threatened or pending Claim related to an Indemnifiable Event effected without the Company s prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld; provided, however, that if a Change in Control has occurred, the Company shall be liable for indemnification of the Indemnitee for amounts paid in settlement if an Independent Counsel has approved the settlement. The Company shall not settle any Claim related to an Indemnifiable Event in any manner that would impose any Losses on the Indemnitee without the Indemnitee s prior written consent. 12. Duration . All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period that Indemnitee is a director or officer of the Company (or is serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, member, trustee or agent of another Enterprise) and shall continue thereafter (i) so long as Indemnitee may be subject to any possible Claim relating to an Indemnifiable Event (including any rights of appeal thereto) and (ii) throughout the pendency of any proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto) commenced by Indemnitee to enforce or interpret his or her rights under this Agreement, even if, in either case, he or she may have ceased to serve in such capacity at the time of any such Claim or proceeding. 13. Non-Exclusivity . The rights of Indemnitee hereunder will be in addition to any other rights Indemnitee may have under the Constituent Documents, the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, any other contract or otherwise (collectively, Other Indemnity Provisions provided, however, that (a) to the extent that Indemnitee otherwise would have any 
 10 

greater right to indemnification under any Other Indemnity Provision, Indemnitee will be deemed to have such greater right hereunder and (b) to the extent that any change is made to any Other Indemnity Provision which permits any greater right to indemnification than that provided under this Agreement as of the date hereof, Indemnitee will be deemed to have such greater right hereunder. The Company will not adopt any amendment to any of the Constituent Documents the effect of which would be to deny, diminish or encumber Indemnitee s right to indemnification under this Agreement or any Other Indemnity Provision. 14. Liability Insurance . For the duration of Indemnitee s service as a director and/or officer of the Company, and thereafter for so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any pending Claim relating to an Indemnifiable Event, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts (taking into account the scope and amount of coverage available relative to the cost thereof) to continue to maintain in effect policies of directors and officers liability insurance providing coverage that is at least substantially comparable in scope and amount to that provided by the Company s current policies of directors and officers liability insurance. In all policies of directors and officers liability insurance maintained by the Company, Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee the same rights and benefits as are provided to the most favorably insured of the Company s directors, if Indemnitee is a director, or of the Company s officers, if Indemnitee is an officer (and not a director) by such policy. Upon request, the Company will provide to Indemnitee copies of all directors and officers liability insurance applications, binders, policies, declarations, endorsements and other related materials. 15. No Duplication of Payments . The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment to Indemnitee in respect of any Losses to the extent Indemnitee has otherwise received payment under any insurance policy, the Constituent Documents, Other Indemnity Provisions or otherwise of the amounts otherwise indemnifiable by the Company hereunder. 16. Subrogation . In the event of payment to Indemnitee under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee. Indemnitee shall execute all papers required and shall do everything that may be necessary to secure such rights, including the execution of such documents necessary to enable the Company effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights. 17. Amendments . No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be binding unless in the form of a writing signed by the party against whom enforcement of the waiver is sought, and no such waiver shall operate as a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar), nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver. Except as specifically provided herein, no failure to exercise or any delay in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall constitute a waiver thereof. 18. Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company), assigns, spouses, heirs and personal and legal representatives. The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by 
 11 

purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial part of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substances satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. 19. Severability . The provisions of this Agreement shall be severable in the event that any of the provisions hereof (including any portion thereof) are held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or otherwise unenforceable, and the remaining provisions shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible. 20. Notices . All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered by hand, against receipt, or mailed, by postage prepaid, certified or registered mail: (a) if to Indemnitee, to the address set forth on the signature page hereto. (b) if to the Company, to: AMCON Distributing Company Attn: Chief Executive Officer 7405 Irvington Road Omaha, NE 68122 Notice of change of address shall be effective only when given in accordance with this Section. All notices complying with this Section shall be deemed to have been received on the date of hand delivery or on the third business day after mailing. 21. Governing Law and Forum . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made and to be performed in such state without giving effect to its principles of conflicts of laws. The Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Delaware Courts and not in any other state or federal court in the United States, (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Courts for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, and (c) agree not to plead or make, any claim that the Delaware Courts lack venue or that any such action or proceeding brought in the Delaware Courts has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum. 22. Headings . The headings of the sections and paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction or interpretation thereof. 
 12 

23. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 
 13 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. AMCON DISTRIBUTING COMPANY By: _____________________ Name: Title: INDEMNITEE _____________________ Name: Address:______________ _____________________ _____________________ 
 14 

</EX-10.30>

<EX-21.1>
 7
 dit-20230930xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

EXHIBIT 21.1 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (1) 

Names State of Incorporation or Organization D/B/A (if applicable) The Healthy Edge, Inc Arizona Chamberlin Natural Foods, Inc. Florida Chamberlin s Natural Foods Health Food Associates, Inc. Oklahoma Akin s Natural Foods Hawaiian Natural Water Co., Inc Delaware The Beverage Group, Inc. Delaware Idaho Water 2009, Inc. (Formerly Trinity Springs, Inc.) Delaware AMCON Acquisition Corporation Delaware AMCON Bismarck Land Co. Delaware EOM Acquisition Corp. Delaware Earth Origins Market Westchase Real Estate LLC Florida Charles Way LLC Missouri LOL Foods, Inc. Nebraska Henry s Foods, Inc. HF Real Estate, LLC Minnesota Team Sledd, LLC (2) Delaware 
 (1) Each of the named subsidiaries is not necessarily a significant subsidiary as defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X. (2) The Company owns a 64 interest in Team Sledd, LLC 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 dit-20230930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Christopher H. Atayan, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AMCON Distributing Company; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrants fiscal fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 8 

Date: November 8, 2023 /s/ Christopher H. Atayan Christopher H. Atayan, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 dit-20230930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Charles J. Schmaderer, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AMCON Distributing Company; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrants fiscal fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 8 

Date: November 8, 2023 /s/ Charles J. Schmaderer Charles J. Schmaderer, Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 dit-20230930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report of AMCON Distributing Company (the Company for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, I, Christopher H. Atayan, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer of the Company, have executed this certification for furnishing to the Securities and Exchange Commission. I hereby certify that: 1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 8 

Date: November 8, 2023 /s/ Christopher H. Atayan Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to AMCON Distributing Company and will be retained by AMCON Distributing Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 dit-20230930xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report of AMCON Distributing Company (the Company for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, I, Charles J. Schmaderer, Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company, have executed this certification for furnishing to the Securities and Exchange Commission. I hereby certify that: 1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 8 

Date: November 8, 2023 /s/ Charles J. Schmaderer Title: Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to AMCON Distributing Company and will be retained by AMCON Distributing Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 12
 dit-20230930xex97d1.htm
 EX-97.1

Exhibit 97.1 
 AMCON DISTRIBUTING COMPANY INCENTIVE-BASED COMPENSATION RECOVERY POLICY (as approved on November 6, 2023) A. PURPOSE The purpose of this Incentive-Based Compensation Recovery Policy (the Policy is to enable AMCON Distributing Company (the Company to recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation in the event that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement. This Policy is intended to comply with the requirements set forth in Section 811 of the NYSE American Company Guide (the Listing Rule and shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent. Unless otherwise defined in this Policy, capitalized terms shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in Section G. The Company has adopted this Policy as of November 6, 2023 as a supplement to any other compensation recovery policies in effect now or in the future at the Company. This Policy shall only apply while the Company has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange. This Policy shall be interpreted to comply with the erroneously awarded compensation recovery rules found in 17 C.F.R. 240.10D-1 Rule 10D-1 and the related Listing Rule of the NYSE American (the Exchange ), on which the Company has listed securities, and, to the extent this Policy is in any manner deemed inconsistent with such Listing Rule, this Policy shall be treated as retroactively amended to be compliant with such Listing Rule. B. ADMINISTRATION The Policy shall be administered by the Company s Board of Directors (the Board or, if so designated by the Board, an independent committee thereof (the Board or such committee charged with the administration of this Policy, the Administrator ). The Administrator has full and final authority to interpret and construe this Policy and pursue all recovery efforts available to it (subject to the limitations in Section A) and to make all determinations under the Policy, in each case to the extent permitted under the Listing Rule and in compliance with applicable law. All determinations, interpretations and decisions made by the Administrator pursuant to the provisions of the Policy shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons, including the Company, its affiliates, its stockholders, and Executive Officers. Any action or inaction by the Administrator with respect to an Executive Officer under the Policy in no way limits the Administrator s actions or decisions not to act with respect to any other Executive Officer under the Policy or under any similar policy, agreement or arrangement, nor shall any such action or inaction serve as a waiver of any rights the Company may have against any Executive Officer other than as set forth in the Policy. 

C. APPLICATION As defined by Rule 10D-1, the Policy applies to all Incentive-Based Compensation Received by a person (a) after beginning service as an Executive Officer; (b) who served as an Executive Officer at any time during the performance period for such Incentive-Based Compensation; (c) while the Company had a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national securities association; and (d) during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding an Accounting Restatement Date. In addition to such last three completed fiscal years, the immediately preceding clause (d) includes any transition period that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year within or immediately following such three completed fiscal years; provided , however , that a transition period between the last day of the Company s previous fiscal year end and the first day of its new fiscal year that comprises a period of nine to twelve months shall be deemed a completed fiscal year. D. ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED COMPENSATION The amount of Incentive-Based Compensation subject to the Policy Erroneously Awarded Compensation is the amount of applicable Incentive-Based Compensation Received that exceeds the amount of applicable Incentive Based-Compensation that otherwise would have been Received had it been determined based on the restated amounts and shall be computed without regard to any taxes paid. In the event of an Accounting Restatement, the Company must recover, reasonably promptly, Erroneously Awarded Compensation, in amounts determined pursuant to this Policy. The Administrator shall have broad discretion in determining an appropriate means of recovery for any Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on the particular facts and circumstances and taking into account the time value of money and the cost to stockholders of delaying recovery, which methods of recovery need not be applied on a consistent basis, and which methods may include, by way of example, the forfeiture of cash incentive compensation awards. Additionally, the determination of reasonably prompt may vary from case to case and the Administrator is authorized to adopt additional rules to further describe what repayment plans satisfy this requirement without imposing unreasonable economic hardship on impacted Executive Officers; provided in any case that any such rules or methods comply with the Listing Rule, Rule 10D-1 and applicable law. For Incentive-Based Compensation based on stock price or total shareholder return, where the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in an accounting restatement: (1) the amount must be based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the accounting restatement on the stock price or total shareholder return upon which the Incentive-Based Compensation was Received; and (2) the Company must maintain documentation of the determination of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to the Exchange. The Company s recovery obligation pursuant to this Section D shall not apply to the extent that the Board s Compensation Committee, or in the absence of a Compensation Committee, a majority of the independent directors serving on the Board, determines that such recovery would be impracticable and: (a) the direct expenses paid to a third party to assist in enforcing the Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered. Before concluding that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on expense of enforcement, the Company must make a reasonable attempt to recover such Erroneously Awarded Compensation, document such reasonable attempt(s) to recover, and provide that documentation to the Exchange; or 

(b) recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the registrant, to fail to meet the requirements of Section 401(a)(13) or Section 411(a) of the Code. E. INDEMNIFICATION The Company is prohibited from indemnifying any Executive Officer or former Executive Officer against the loss of Erroneously Awarded Compensation in accordance with the Listing Rule, Rule 10D-1 or applicable law. Further, the Company is prohibited from paying or reimbursing any executive Officer or former Executive Officer for the cost of purchasing insurance to cover any such loss in accordance with the Listing Rule, Rule 10D-1 or applicable law. F. REPORTING AND DISCLOSURE The Company shall file all disclosures with respect to the Policy in accordance with the requirements of the federal securities laws, including the disclosures required by applicable U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filings. G. DEFINITIONS (a) Accounting Restatement means an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. For the avoidance of doubt, an out-of-period adjustment, in which an error is immaterial to the previously issued financial statements and the correction of the error is also immaterial to the current period, shall not constitute an Accounting Restatement. (b) Accounting Restatement Date means the earlier to occur of: (i) the date the Board, a committee of the Board, or the officer or officers of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement; and (ii) the date a court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare an Accounting Restatement, in each case regardless of if or when the restated financial statements are filed. (b) Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Any reference to a section of the Code or regulation thereunder includes such section or regulation, any valid regulation or other official guidance promulgated under such section, and any comparable provision of any future legislation or regulation amending, supplementing, or superseding such section or regulation. 

(d) Executive Officer shall mean each individual who is or was designated as an officer of the Company in accordance with 17 C.F.R 240.16a-1(f). (e) Financial Reporting Measure means any measure that is determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures; provided , however , that a Financial Reporting Measure is not required to be presented within the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to qualify as a Financial Reporting Measure. For purposes of this Policy, Financial Reporting Measure includes, but is not limited to, stock price and total stockholder return. (f) Incentive-Based Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure. (g) Received means, with respect to any Incentive-Based Compensation, actual or deemed receipt, and Incentive-Based Compensation shall be deemed received by an Executive Officer in a fiscal period during which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in the Incentive-Based Compensation award is attained, even if the payment or grant of the Incentive-Based Compensation occurs after the end of that period. For the avoidance of doubt, Incentive-Based Compensation that is subject to both a Financial Reporting Measure vesting condition and a service-based vesting condition shall be considered received when the relevant Financial Reporting Measure is achieved, even if the Incentive-Based Compensation continues to be subject to the service-based vesting condition which is later satisfied. H. ADMINISTRATOR DECISIONS Decisions of the Administrator, or any other committee of the Board or members of the Board who assist in administration of the Policy, with respect to the Policy shall be final, conclusive and binding on all Executive Officers subject to the policy, unless determined to be an abuse of discretion. I. AMENDMENT; TERMINATION The Administrator may amend the Policy from time to time in its discretion and shall amend the Policy as it deems necessary, including as and when it determines that it is legally required by any federal securities laws, SEC rule or the rules of any national securities exchange or national securities association on which the Company s securities are listed. The Administrator may terminate the Policy at any time. Notwithstanding anything in this Section I to the contrary, no amendment or termination of this Policy shall be effective if such amendment or termination would (after taking into account any actions taken by the Company contemporaneously with such amendment or termination) cause the Company to violate any federal securities laws, SEC rule or the rules of any national securities exchange or national securities association on which the Company s securities are listed. 

J. OTHER RECOVERY OBLIGATIONS The Administrator intends that the Policy will be applied to the fullest extent of the law. Any right of recovery under the Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recovery that may be available to the Company under applicable law, regulation or rule or pursuant to the terms of any policy of the Company or any provision in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, compensatory plan, agreement or other arrangement. To the extent that the application of this Policy would provide for recovery of Incentive-Based Compensation that the Company recovers pursuant to Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or other recovery obligations, the amount the relevant Executive Officer has already reimbursed the Company will be credited to the required recovery under this Policy to the extent permitted under the Listing Rule, Rule 10D-1 and applicable law. This Policy shall not limit the rights of the Company to take any other actions or pursue other remedies that the Company may deem appropriate under the circumstances and under applicable law, in each case to the extent permitted under the Listing Rule and in compliance with applicable law. Nothing contained in this Policy shall limit the Company s ability to seek recoupment, in appropriate circumstances (including circumstances beyond the scope of this Policy) and as permitted by applicable law, of any amounts from any individual, in each case to the extent permitted under the Listing Rule or Rule 10D-1. K. EFFECTIVE DATE The Policy shall be effective as of October 2, 2023 (the Effective Date and shall apply to applicable Incentive-Based Compensation Received on or after such date. 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 dit-20230930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 dit-20230930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 dit-20230930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 dit-20230930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 dit-20230930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

