<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231212_10-K_edgar_data_1616741_0001616741-23-000042.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7034035</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>197540</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2570090</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1732555</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1039386</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1323683</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001616741-23-000042.hdr.sgml : 20231212
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231212154955
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001616741-23-000042
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231212
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231212

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PATRIOT TRANSPORTATION HOLDING, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001616741
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRUCKING & COURIER SERVICES (NO AIR) [4210]
		IRS NUMBER:				472482414
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36605
		FILM NUMBER:		231481152

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 W. FORSYTH ST.
		STREET 2:		7TH FLOOR
		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(877) 704-1776

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 W. FORSYTH ST.
		STREET 2:		7TH FLOOR
		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	New Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140814

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001616741-23-000042.txt : 20231212

10-K
 1
 pati10k23.htm
 PATI FORM 10K

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 _________________ 

 FORM 

 _________________ 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
For the fiscal year ended . 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number: 

 _____________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 _____________________ 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

., , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act: None 

 _________________ 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [_] [X] 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [_] [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. [X] No [_] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). [X] No [_] 

1 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer [_] 
 
 Accelerated filer [_] 

Non-accelerated filer [ ] 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [_] 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting fi rm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

 If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those
error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). [_] 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [_] [X] 

 The number of shares of the registrant s
common stock outstanding as of December 11, 2023 was . The aggregate market value of the shares of Common Stock held by non affiliates
of the registrant as of March 31, 2023, the last day of business of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was .
Solely for purposes of this calculation, the registrant has assumed that all directors, officers and ten percent (10 shareholders of
the Company are affiliates of the registrant. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 None 

2 

PATRIOT TRANSPORTATION HOLDING, INC. 

 FORM 10-K 

 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

5 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

7 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

14 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

14 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

15 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

15 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

15 

Item 6. 
 
 [ Reserved ] 

16 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

16 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

22 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

23 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

39 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

39 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

40 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

40 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

40 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

44 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

48 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

50 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

52 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

52 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 

53 

Signatures 

54 

3 

Preliminary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements. 

Certain matters discussed in this report
contain forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that are subject to risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. 

These forward-looking statements are generally
denoted by the use of words such as anticipate, believe, expect, intend, aim, 
 target, plan, continue, estimate, project, may, will, 
 should, and similar expressions. However, the absence of these words or similar expressions does not mean that a statement
is not forward-looking. These statements reflect management s current beliefs and are based on information currently available to
management. Forward-looking statements are based upon a number of estimates and assumptions that, while considered reasonable by management,
are inherently subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from historical results or those anticipated. These factors include, but are not limited to: (a) the satisfaction of the conditions precedent
to the consummation of the proposed merger with affiliates of United Petroleum Transports, Inc. (referred to herein as the merger ),
including, without limitation, the timely receipt of shareholder approval; (b) uncertainties as to the timing of the merger and the possibility
that the merger may not be completed, including uncertainties regarding the acquiror s ability to finance the merger; (c) unanticipated
difficulties or expenditures relating to the merger; (d) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise
to the termination of the merger agreement, including, in circumstances which would require the Company to pay a termination fee; (e)
legal proceedings, judgments or settlements, including those that may be instituted against the Company, the Company s Board of
Directors, the Company s executive officers and others following the announcement of the merger; (f) disruptions of current plans
and operations caused by the announcement and pendency of the merger; (g) risks related to disruption of management s attention
from the Company s ongoing business operations due to the merger; (h) potential difficulties in employee retention due to the announcement
and pendency of the merger; (i) the response of customers, suppliers, drivers and regulators to the announcement and pendency of the merger;
(j) disruptions in the execution of plans, strategies, goals and objectives of management for future operations caused by the merger;
(k) changes in accounting standards or tax rates, laws or regulations; (l) economic, market, business or geopolitical conditions (including
resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation, the conflict in Ukraine and related sanctions, or the conflict in the Middle East) or
competition, or changes in such conditions, negatively affecting the Company s business, operations and financial performance, including
fuel costs; (m) risks that the price of the Company s common stock may decline significantly if the merger is not completed; (n)
the possibility that the Company could, following the merger, engage in operational or other changes that could result in meaningful appreciation
in its value; (o) the possibility that the Company could, at a later date, engage in unspecified transactions, including restructuring
efforts, special dividends or the sale of some or all of the Company s assets to one or more as yet unknown purchasers, which could
conceivably produce a higher aggregate value than that available to our shareholders in the merger; (p) freight demand for petroleum products
including the impact of reduced commuting, as well as increased vehicle fuel efficiency and the increased popularity of electric vehicles;
(q) accident severity and frequency; (r) risk insurance markets; (s) driver availability and cost; the impact of future regulations, including
regulations regarding the transportation industry and regulations intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions; (t) cyber-attacks; (u)
competition in our markets; and (v) interest rates. However, this list is not a complete statement of all potential risks or uncertainties. 

These forward-looking statements are made
as of the date hereof based on management s current expectations, and the Company does not undertake an obligation to update such
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional information regarding these and other risk
factors may be found in the Company s other filings made from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

4 

PART I 

Item 1. BUSINESS. 

Our Business. Our business, conducted through
our wholly owned subsidiary Florida Rock Tank Lines, Inc., consists of hauling petroleum related products, dry bulk commodities
and liquids. We are one of the largest regional tank truck carriers in North America. We operate terminals in Florida, Georgia, Alabama,
and Tennessee. We do not own any of the products we haul; rather, we act as a third-party carrier to deliver our customers 
products from point A to point B, using predominately Company employees and Company-owned tractors and tank trailers. Approximately 86 
of our business consists of hauling liquid petroleum products (mostly gas and diesel fuel) from large scale fuel storage facilities to
our customers retail outlets (e.g. convenience stores, truck stops and fuel depots) where we off-load the product into our customers 
fuel storage tanks for ultimate sale to the retail consumer. The remaining 14 of our business consists of hauling dry bulk commodities
such as cement, lime and various industrial powder products, water and liquid chemicals. As of September 30, 2023, we employed 323 revenue-producing
drivers who operated our fleet of 264 Company tractors, 52 owner operators and 389 trailers from our 17 terminals and 6 satellite locations. 

Agreement and Plan of Merger. On November 1,
2023 the Company entered into a merger agreement under which affiliates of United Petroleum Transports, Inc. UPT will,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the merger agreement, acquire all of the outstanding shares of the Company s common
stock for 16.26 per share in cash (referred to herein as, the merger ). The transaction, which has been unanimously approved
by the Company s Board of Directors, is subject to the satisfaction of closing conditions, including the approval of the Company s
shareholders. UPT has obtained a customary financing commitment from an established lending institution pursuant to which the lender will
provide financing that, together with other available sources, is expected to be sufficient to fund the merger consideration and other
obligations under the merger agreement. Shareholders collectively beneficially owning 26.6 of the voting power of the Company s
common stock have agreed to vote in favor of the merger, subject to customary exceptions. Upon completion of the transaction, which the
parties expect will occur by late 2023 or early 2024, the Company will become a private company and delist from the NASDAQ Global Select
Market. 

Tractors and Trailers. During fiscal 2023,
the Company replaced 72 tractors and 5 trailers. We believe maintaining a modern fleet will result in reduced maintenance expenses, improved
operating efficiencies and enhanced driver recruitment and retention. 

Competition. The tank lines transportation
business is extremely competitive and fragmented. We have multiple competitors in each of our markets, consisting of other carriers of
varying sizes as well as our customers private fleets. Price, service, and location are the major competitive factors in each local
market. Some of our competitors have greater financial resources and a more expansive geographic footprint than our company. Some of our
competitors periodically reduce their prices to gain business, which may limit our ability to maintain or increase prices, implement new
pricing strategies, or maintain significant growth in our business. Our largest competitors include Kenan Advantage Group, Eagle Transport,
and Penn Tank Lines. We also compete with smaller carriers in most of our markets. 

Our industry is characterized by such barriers to
entry as the time and cost required to develop the capabilities necessary to handle hazardous material, the resources required to recruit,
train and retain drivers, substantial industry regulatory and insurance requirements and the significant capital investments required
to build a fleet of equipment, establish a network of terminals and, in recent years, the cost to build and maintain sufficient information
technology resources to allow us to interface with and assist our customers in the day-to-day management of their product inventories. 

Our ability to provide superior customer service at
competitive rates and to operate safely and efficiently is important to our success in growing our revenues and increasing profitability.
Our focus is to grow our profitability by executing on our key strategies of (i) increasing our business with existing and new customers,
particularly hypermarket and large convenience store chains, that are willing to compensate us for our ability to provide superior, safe
and reliable service, (ii) expanding our service offerings with respect to dry bulk, liquid and chemical products particularly in markets
where we already operate terminals, (iii) earning the reputation as the preferred employer for tank truck drivers in all the markets in
which we operate and (iv) pursuing strategic acquisitions. Our ability to 

5 

execute this strategy depends on continuing our dedicated
commitments to customer service and safety and continuing to recruit and retain qualified drivers. 

Customers. Approximately 86 of our business
consists of hauling petroleum related products. Our petroleum clients include major convenience store and hypermarket accounts, fuel wholesalers
and major oil companies. We strive to build long-term relationships with major customers by providing outstanding customer service.
During fiscal 2023, the Company s ten largest customers accounted for approximately 60.0 of revenue. One of these customers accounted
for 16.9 of revenue. The loss of any one of these customers could have a material adverse effect on the Company s revenues and
income. Our top 10 accounts have been customers for at least 10 years. 

Our dry bulk and chemical customers include large
industrial companies including cement and concrete accounts and product distribution companies. Our customer relationships are long-standing
and have grown over time as a result of consistently high safety and service levels. 

In September 2020, we entered into a contract with
a customer to haul spring water in seven food grade trailers. This is the Company s first venture into the food grade space. 

Sales and Marketing. Our marketing activities
are focused on building our relationships with existing customers as well as developing new business opportunities. Our senior management
team has extensive experience in marketing specialized fuels delivery services. In addition, significant portions of our marketing activities
are conducted locally by our regional managers, terminal managers and dispatchers who act as local customer service representatives. These
managers and dispatchers maintain regular contact with customers and are well-positioned to identify the changing transportation needs
of customers in their respective geographic areas. We also actively participate in various trade associations, including the National
Tank Truck Carriers Association, various state trucking and petroleum marketing associations and the Society of Independent Gasoline Marketers
Association. 

Environmental Matters. Our activities, which
involve the transportation, storage and disposal of fuels and other hazardous substances and wastes, are subject to various federal, state
and local health and safety laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including, among others, those governing
the transportation, management and disposal of hazardous materials, vehicle emissions, underground and above ground storage tanks and
the cleanup of contaminated sites. Our operations involve risks of fuel spillage or seepage, hazardous waste disposal and other activities
that are potentially damaging to the environment. If we are involved in a spill or other accident involving hazardous substances, or if
we are found to be in violation of or liable under applicable laws or regulations, it could significantly increase our cost of doing business. 

Most of our truck terminals are located in industrial
areas, where groundwater or other forms of environmental contamination may have occurred. Under environmental laws, we could be held responsible
for the costs relating to any contamination at those or other of our past or present facilities and at third-party waste disposal sites,
including cleanup costs, fines and penalties and personal injury and property damages. Under some of these laws, such as the Comprehensive
Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act (also known as the Superfund law) and comparable state statutes, liability for the
entire cost of the cleanup of contaminated sites can be imposed upon any current or former owner or operator, or upon any party who sent
waste to the site, regardless of the lawfulness of any disposal activities or whether a party owned or operated a contaminated property
at the time of the release of hazardous substances. From time to time, we have incurred remedial costs and/or regulatory penalties with
respect to chemical or wastewater spills and releases relating to our facilities or operations, and, notwithstanding the existence of
our environmental management program, we may incur such obligations in the future. The discovery of contamination or the imposition of
additional obligations or liabilities in the future could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations
or our business reputation. 

Our operations involve hazardous materials and could
result in significant environmental liabilities and costs. For a discussion of certain risks of our being associated with transporting
hazardous substances see Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business 

Seasonality. Our business is subject to seasonal
trends common in the refined petroleum products delivery industry. We typically face reduced demand for refined petroleum products delivery
services during the winter months and increased demand during the spring and summer months. Further, operating costs and earnings are
generally adversely affected by inclement weather conditions. These factors generally result in lower operating results during 

6 

the first and second fiscal quarters of the year and
cause our operating results to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Our operating expenses also have been somewhat higher in the winter
months, due primarily to decreased fuel efficiency and increased maintenance costs for tractors and trailers in colder months. 

Human Capital. As of September 30, 2023, the
Company employed 466 people. Our industry is experiencing a severe shortage of qualified professional drivers with a tenured safe driving
career. The trend we are seeing is that more and more of the applicants are drivers with little to no experience in the tank truck business,
short driving careers in other lines of trucking, poor safety records and a pattern of job instability in their work history. As a result,
in many markets we serve it is difficult to grow the driver count and, in some cases, to even maintain our historical or desired driver
counts. There are several opportunities available today in our markets that will allow us to execute on our strategy so long as we can
find, hire and retain qualified drivers to meet the demands of these opportunities. 

Company Website Access and SEC Filings. The
Company s website may be accessed at www.patriottrans.com . All of our filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission SEC can be accessed free of charge through our website promptly after filing; however,
in the event that the website is inaccessible, we will provide paper copies of our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, the most recent
quarterly report on Form 10-Q, current reports filed or furnished on Form 8-K, and all related amendments, excluding exhibits, free of
charge upon request. These filings are also accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov .
The content of our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we
file with the SEC, and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

General Information. Our stock transfer
agent is American Stock Transfer Trust Company, 59 Maiden Lane Plaza Level, New York, NY 10038, Telephone: 1-800-937-5449. The Company s
common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Market and trades under the stock symbol PATI . Our independent registered public
accounting firm is Hancock Askew Co. LLP, Jacksonville, Florida. Our legal counsel is Foley Lardner LLP, Jacksonville, Florida. 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

Our future results may be affected by a number of
factors over which we have little or no control. The following issues, uncertainties, and risks, among others, should be considered in
evaluating our business and outlook. Also, note that additional risks not currently identified or known to us could also negatively impact
our business or financial results. 

Risks Related to the Merger 

Risks related to the merger could materially affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations, cash flows, projected results, and future prospects. 

Completion of the merger is subject to a number of
closing conditions, including obtaining the approval of our shareholders and upon UPT s ability to obtain debt financing (as defined
in the merger agreement). We can provide no assurance that all closing conditions will otherwise be satisfied (or waived, if applicable),
and, even if all closing conditions are satisfied (or waived, if applicable), we can provide no assurance as to the terms, conditions
and timing of such approvals or the timing of the completion of the merger. Many of the conditions to completion of the merger are not
within our control, and we cannot predict when or if these conditions will be satisfied (or waived, if applicable). Any adverse consequence
of the pending merger could be exacerbated by any delays in completion of the merger or termination of the merger agreement. 

Each party s obligation to consummate the merger
is subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the other party (subject to customary materiality qualifications)
and compliance in all material respects with the covenants and agreements contained in the merger agreement as of the closing of the merger,
including, with respect to us, covenants to conduct our business in the ordinary course and to not engage in certain kinds of material
transactions prior to closing. In addition, the merger agreement may be terminated under certain specified circumstances, including, but
not limited to, in connection with a change in the recommendation of our Board to enter into an agreement for a Superior Proposal (as
defined in the merger agreement). As a result, we cannot assure you that the merger will be completed, even if our shareholders approve
the merger, or that, if completed, it will be 

7 

exactly on the terms set forth in the merger agreement
or within the expected time frame. In addition, we are subject to the following risks related to the merger: 

legal proceedings,
judgments or settlements, including those that may be instituted against the Company, the Board, the Company s executive officers
and others following the announcement of the merger; 

disruptions of current
plans and operations caused by the announcement and pendency of the merger; 

disruption of management s
attention from the Company s ongoing business operations due to the merger; 

potential difficulties in employee retention
due to the announcement and pendency of the merger; 

the response of customers, suppliers and
drivers to the announcement and pendency of the merger; 

disruptions in the execution of plans, strategies,
goals and objectives of management for future operations caused by the merger; and 

the price of the Company s common stock price
may decline significantly if the merger is not completed. 

The occurrence of any of these events individually
or in combination could affect the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, projected results,
and future prospects. 

Strategic Risks 

Our operations and financial results are subject
to the demand for hauling petroleum products in our markets, which is determined by factors outside our control. 

We derive approximately 86 of our revenues from the
hauling of petroleum products, including gasoline, diesel fuel and ethanol. The demand for these services is determined by motor fuel
consumption in our markets, which is affected by gasoline prices, general economic conditions, employment levels, remote work, consumer
confidence and spending patterns . Gasoline prices can be highly volatile and are impacted by factors outside
of our control (including production decisions made by oil producing nations). 

Developments related to climate
change, fuel efficiency, vehicle manufacturing and increased acceptance of electric vehicles are expected to reduce demand for petroleum
products. 

 Increasing concern regarding
the impacts of climate change resulting from greenhouse gas emissions has resulted in proposed regulations to improve fuel efficiency
and legislation such as the Inflation Reduction Act that create incentives for the purchase of electric vehicles, as well as legislative
proposals such as carbon taxes and cap and trade programs. Many major automobile manufacturers have plans to increase production of electric
vehicles over time. These factors, together with increasing social consciousness about climate change and consumer acceptance of electric
vehicles, could reduce demand for petroleum products over time. 

Human Capital Risks 

Our ability to recruit and retain drivers is critical
to our financial results and the ability to grow our business. 

Our industry is subject to a shortage of qualified
drivers. This shortage is exacerbated during periods of economic expansion, in which attractive employment opportunities, including in
the construction and manufacturing industries, may offer better compensation and better hours. We suffer from high turnover. We have implemented
driver pay increases to address this shortage in the hopes of reducing turnover, however our efforts to reduce turnover may be unsuccessful. 

There is substantial competition for qualified personnel,
particularly drivers, in the trucking industry. Supply chain challenges could continue to reduce the number of eligible drivers in our
markets. This results in temporary under-utilization of our equipment, difficulty in meeting our customers demands and increased
compensation levels, each 

8 

of which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition. A decrease in quality drivers could lead to an increased frequency in the number
of accidents, potential claims exposure and, indirectly, insurance costs. 

Difficulty in attracting qualified drivers limits
our ability to accept or service new business opportunities or could require us to increase the wages we pay in order to attract and retain
drivers. If we are unable to hire qualified drivers to service new or existing business, we may have to temporarily send drivers from
other terminals to those struggling markets, causing us to incur significant costs relating to out-of-town driver pay and expenses. 

If our relationship with our employees were to
deteriorate, we may be faced with unionization efforts, labor shortages, disruptions or stoppages, which could adversely affect our business
and reduce our operating margins and income. 

Our operations rely heavily on our employees, and
any labor shortage, disruption or stoppage caused by poor relations with our employees, whether as a result of the pending merger or another
reason, could reduce our operating margins and income. None of our employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements, although
unions have traditionally been active in the U.S. trucking industry. Our workforce has been subject to union organization efforts from
time to time, and we could be subject to future unionization efforts as our operations expand. Unionization of our workforce could result
in higher compensation and working condition demands that could increase our operating costs or constrain our operating flexibility. We
believe we are exempt from overtime pay rules under regulations of the Department of Transportation DOT ). However, our
operating costs would increase if this exemption were rescinded or if a court determined that we were not exempt from these overtime pay
rules. 

If we lose key members of our senior management,
our business may be adversely affected. 

Our ability to implement our business strategy successfully
and to operate profitably depends in large part on the continued employment of our senior management team, led by Robert Sandlin, President
and CEO. If Mr. Sandlin or the other members of senior management become unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, our
business or financial results could be adversely affected. 

Operational Risks 

We may be adversely affected by fluctuations in
the price and availability of fuel. 

We require large amounts of diesel fuel to operate
our tractors. In 2021, 2022 and 2023, cost of fuel (including fuel taxes) represented approximately 11.9 , 15.1 , and 12.6 , respectively,
of our total revenue. The market price for fuel can be extremely volatile and can be affected by a number of economic and political factors.
In addition, changes in federal or state regulations can impact the price of fuel, as well as increase the amount we pay in fuel taxes. 

We typically incorporate a fuel surcharge provision
in all customer contracts. The intended effect of that provision is to neutralize the impacts of fluctuations in the price of diesel fuel
on both the Company and our customer. The amount of the fuel surcharge is typically set at the beginning of each month and is based on
the actual price of diesel fuel recorded in the preceding month. This provision produces a lag in the timing of the recovery of the price
move for both the Company and our customer. However, our customers may be able to negotiate contracts that minimize or eliminate our ability
to pass on fuel price increases. 

We currently do not hedge our fuel purchases to protect
against fluctuations in fuel prices. 

Our operations may also be adversely affected by any
limit on the availability of fuel. Disruptions in the political climate in key oil producing regions in the world, particularly in the
event of wars or other armed conflicts, could severely limit the availability of fuel in the United States. In the event our customers
face significant difficulty in obtaining fuel, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be materially adversely
affected. 

We operate in a highly competitive industry, and
competitive pressures may adversely affect our operations and profitability. 

9 

The tank lines transportation business is extremely
competitive and fragmented. We compete with many other carriers of varying sizes as well as our customers private fleets. Numerous
competitive factors could impair our ability to maintain our current level of revenues and profitability and adversely affect our financial
condition. These factors include the following: 

we compete with many other fuels delivery service providers, particularly smaller regional competitors, some of which may have more equipment in, or stronger ties to, the geographic regions in which they operate or other competitive advantages; 

some of our competitors periodically reduce their prices to gain business, which may limit our ability to maintain or increase prices, implement new pricing strategies or maintain significant growth in our business; 

many customers periodically accept bids from multiple carriers, and this process may depress prices or result in the loss of some business to competitors; 

many customers are looking to reduce the number of carriers they use, and in some instances we may not be selected to provide services; 

consolidation in the fuels delivery industry could create other large carriers with greater financial resources than we have and other competitive advantages relating to their size; 

the development of alternative power sources for cars and trucks could reduce demand for gasoline; and 

advances in technology require increased investments to maintain competitiveness, and we may not have the financial resources to invest in technology improvements or our customers may not be willing to accept higher prices to cover the cost of these investments. 

If we are unable to address these competitive pressures,
our operations and profitability may be adversely affected. 

Our operations present hazards and risks, which
are not fully covered by insurance. If a significant accident happens, for which we are not fully insured, our operations and financial
results could be adversely affected. 

The primary accident risks associated with our business
are: 

motor-vehicle related bodily injury and property damage; 

workers compensation claims; 

environmental pollution liability claims; 

cargo loss and damage; and 

general liability claims. 

We currently maintain insurance for: 

motor-vehicle related bodily injury and property damage claims; 

workers compensation insurance coverage on our employees; and 

general liability claims. 

Our insurance program includes a self-insured deductible
of 250,000 per incident for bodily injury and property damage. The deductible on workers compensation is 500,000. In addition,
the Company maintains a minimum of 10 million of insurance coverage which is the largest amount required by any of our customers. The
deductible per incident could adversely affect our profitability, particularly in the event of an increase in the frequency or severity
of incidents. Additionally, we are self-insured for damage to the equipment that we own and lease, as well as for cargo losses and such
self-insurance is not subject to any maximum limitation. In addition, even where we have insurance, our insurance policies may not
provide coverage for certain claims against us or may not be sufficient to cover all possible liabilities. 

10 

Our self-insured retentions require us to make estimates
of expected loss amounts and accrue such estimates as expenses. Changes in estimates may materially and adversely affect our financial
results. In addition, our insurance does not cover claims for punitive damages. 

We are subject to changing conditions and pricing
in the insurance marketplace that in the future could change dramatically the cost or availability of various types of insurance. To the
extent these costs cannot be passed on to our customers in increased prices, increases in insurance costs could reduce our future profitability
and cash flow. 

Moreover, any accident or incident involving us, even
if we are fully insured or not held to be liable, could negatively affect our reputation among customers and the public, thereby making
it more difficult for us to compete effectively, and could significantly affect the cost and availability of insurance in the future.
Because we provide last mile fuels delivery services, we generally perform our services in more crowded areas, which increases
the possibility of an accident involving our trucks. 

If we fail to develop, integrate or upgrade our
information technology systems, we may lose customers or incur costs beyond our expectations. 

We rely heavily on information technology and communications
systems to operate our business and manage our network in an efficient manner. We have equipped our tractors with various mobile communications
systems and electronic logging devices that enable us to monitor our tractors and communicate with our drivers in the field and enable
customers to track the location and monitor the progress of their cargo through the Internet. 

Increasingly, we compete for customers based upon
the flexibility and sophistication of our technologies supporting our services. The failure of hardware or software that supports our
information technology systems, the loss of data contained in the systems, or the inability of our customers to access or interact with
our website, could significantly disrupt our operations and cause us to lose customers. If our information technology systems are unable
to handle additional volume for our operations as our business and scope of service grow, our service levels and operating efficiency
will decline. In addition, we expect customers to continue to demand more sophisticated fully integrated information systems. If we fail
to hire and retain qualified personnel to implement and maintain our information technology systems or if we fail to upgrade or replace
these systems to handle increased volumes, meet the demands of our customers and protect against disruptions of our operations, we may
lose customers, which could seriously harm our business. 

Our business could be negatively impacted by cyberattacks
targeting our computer and telecommunications systems and infrastructure, or targeting those of our third-party service providers. 

Our business, like other companies in our industry,
has become increasingly dependent on digital technologies, including technologies that are managed by third-party service providers on
whom we rely to help us collect, host or process information. Such technologies are integrated into our business operations. Use of the
internet and other public networks for communications, services, and storage, including cloud computing, exposes all users
(including our business) to cybersecurity risks. 

While we and our third-party service providers commit
resources to the design, implementation, and monitoring of our information systems, there is no guarantee that our security measures will
provide absolute security. Despite these security measures, we may not be able to anticipate, detect, or prevent cyberattacks, particularly
because the methodologies used by attackers change frequently or may not be recognized until launched, and because attackers are increasingly
using techniques designed to circumvent controls and avoid detection. We and our third-party service providers may therefore be vulnerable
to security events that are beyond our control, and we may be the target of cyber-attacks, as well as physical attacks, which could result
in information security breaches and significant disruption to our business. 

As cyberattacks continue to evolve, we may be required
to expend significant additional resources to respond to cyberattacks, to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures, or to
investigate and remediate any information. 

We operate in a highly regulated industry, and
increased costs of compliance with, or liability for violation of, existing or future regulations could significantly increase our costs
of doing business. 

11 

As a motor carrier, we are subject to regulation by
the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration FMCSA and DOT, and by various federal and state agencies. These regulatory
authorities exercise broad powers governing various aspects such as operating authority, safety, hours of service, hazardous materials
transportation, financial reporting and acquisitions. There are additional regulations specifically relating to the trucking industry,
including testing and specification of equipment, product-handling requirements and drug testing of drivers. In 2019, Florida Rock 
Tank Lines, Inc. underwent a compliance review by the FMCSA in which we retained our satisfactory DOT safety rating. Any downgrade in
our DOT safety rating (as a result of new regulations or otherwise) could adversely affect our business. 

The trucking industry is subject to possible regulatory
and legislative changes that may affect the economics of the industry by requiring changes in operating practices, emissions or by changing
the demand for common or contract carrier services or the cost of providing trucking services. Possible changes include: 

increasingly stringent environmental regulations, including changes intended to address climate change; 

restrictions, taxes or other controls on emissions; 

regulation specific to the energy market and logistics providers to the industry; 

changes in the hours-of-service regulations, which govern the amount of time a driver may drive in any specific period; 

driver and vehicle electronic logging requirements; 

requirements leading to accelerated purchases of new tractors; 

mandatory limits on vehicle weight and size; 

driver hiring restrictions; 

increased bonding or insurance requirements; and 

mandatory regulations imposed by the Department of Homeland Security. 

From time to time, various legislative proposals are
introduced, including proposals to increase federal, state, or local taxes, including taxes on motor fuels and emissions, which may increase
our operating costs, require capital expenditures or adversely impact the recruitment of drivers. 

Restrictions on emissions or other climate change
laws or regulations could also affect our customers that use significant amounts of energy or burn fossil fuels in producing or delivering
the products we carry. We also could lose revenue if our customers divert business from us because we have not complied with their sustainability
requirements. 

Our business may be adversely affected by additional
security measures and regulations applicable to the transport of hazardous materials. 

Federal, state and municipal authorities have implemented
and continue to implement various security measures, including checkpoints and travel restrictions on large trucks and fingerprinting
of drivers in connection with new hazardous materials endorsements on their licenses. Such measures may have costs associated with them
which we are forced to bear. While we believe we are in compliance with these regulations, if existing requirements are interpreted differently
by governmental authorities or additional new security measures are required, the timing of our deliveries may be disrupted and we may
fail to meet the needs of our customers or incur increased expenses to do so. Such developments could have a material adverse effect on
our operating results. Moreover, large trucks containing petroleum products are potential terrorist targets, and we may be obligated to
take measures, including possible capital expenditures intended to protect our trucks. In addition, the insurance premiums charged for
some or all of the coverage maintained by us could continue to increase dramatically or such coverage could be unavailable in the future. 

Our operations involve hazardous materials and
could result in significant environmental liabilities and costs. 

Our activities, which involve the transportation,
storage and disposal of fuels and other hazardous substances and wastes, are subject to various federal, state and local health and safety
laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including, among others, those governing the transportation, management
and disposal of hazardous materials, vehicle emissions, underground and above ground storage tanks and the cleanup of contaminated sites.
Our operations involve risks of fuel spillage or seepage, hazardous waste disposal and other 

12 

activities that are potentially damaging to the environment.
If we are involved in a spill or other accident involving hazardous substances, or if we are found to be in violation of or liable under
applicable laws or regulations, it could significantly increase our cost of doing business. 

Most of our truck terminals are located in industrial
areas, where groundwater or other forms of environmental contamination may have occurred. Under environmental laws, we could be held responsible
for the costs relating to any contamination at those or other of our past or present facilities and at third-party waste disposal sites,
including cleanup costs, fines and penalties and personal injury and property damages. Under some of these laws, such as the Comprehensive
Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act (also known as the Superfund law) and comparable state statutes, liability for the
entire cost of the cleanup of contaminated sites can be imposed upon any current or former owner or operator, or upon any party who sent
waste to the site, regardless of the lawfulness of any disposal activities or whether a party owned or operated a contaminated property
at the time of the release of hazardous substances. From time to time, we have incurred remedial costs and/or regulatory penalties with
respect to spills and releases in connection with our operations and, notwithstanding the existence of our environmental management program,
such obligations may be incurred in the future. The discovery of contamination or the imposition of additional obligations or liabilities
in the future could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or our business reputation. 

Risks Relating to Our Common Stock 

Your percentage of ownership in the Company may
be diluted in the future. 

In the future, your percentage ownership in the Company
may be diluted because of equity issuances for acquisitions, capital market transactions or other corporate purposes, including equity
awards that we will grant to our directors, officers and employees. Our employees have options to purchase shares of our common stock
and we anticipate our compensation committee will grant additional stock options or other stock-based awards to our employees. Such awards
will have a dilutive effect on our earnings per share, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. From time to
time, we will issue additional options or other stock-based awards to our employees under our employee benefits plans. 

In addition, our amended and restated articles of
incorporation authorizes us to issue, without the approval of our shareholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having
such designation, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, including preferences over our common
stock respecting dividends and distributions, as our board of directors generally may determine. The terms of one or more classes or series
of preferred stock could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our common stock. For example, we could grant the holders of preferred
stock the right to elect some number of our directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or the right to veto specified
transactions. Similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences we could assign to holders of preferred stock
could affect the residual value of the common stock. 

Certain shareholders have effective control of
a significant percentage of our common stock and likely will control the outcome of any shareholder vote. 

Two of our directors, John D Baker II and Thompson
S. Baker II, and their respective family members, beneficially own a significant percentage of our common stock. As a result, these individuals
effectively may have the ability to direct the election of all members of our board of directors and to exercise a controlling influence
over our business and affairs, including any determinations with respect to mergers or other business combinations involving us, our acquisition
or disposition of assets, our borrowing of monies, our issuance of any additional securities, our repurchase of common stock and our payment
of dividends. In connection with the pending merger, John D Baker II and Thompson S. Baker II entered into an Irrevocable Proxy and Agreement,
pursuant to which, among other things, they have granted an irrevocable proxy to vote the shares of Company common stock owned by such
shareholders in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement. 

Provisions in our articles of incorporation and
bylaws and certain provisions of Florida law could delay or prevent a change in control of us. 

The existence of some provisions of our articles of
incorporation and bylaws and Florida law could discourage, delay 

13 

or prevent a change in control of us that a shareholder
may consider favorable. These include provisions: 

providing that our directors may be removed by our shareholders only for cause; 

establishing supermajority vote requirements for our shareholders to approve certain business combinations; 

establishing supermajority vote requirements for our shareholders to amend certain provisions of our articles of incorporation and our bylaws; 

authorizing a large number of shares of stock that are not yet issued, which would allow our board of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, thereby protecting the continuity of our management, or which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of persons seeking to obtain control of us; 

prohibiting shareholders from calling special meetings of shareholders or taking action by written consent; and 

imposing advance notice requirements for nominations of candidates for election to our board of directors at the annual shareholder meetings. 

These provisions apply even if a takeover offer may
be considered beneficial by some shareholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our board of directors determines is not
in our and our shareholders best interests. 

Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

Item 2. PROPERTIES. 

As of September 30, 2023, our terminals and satellite
locations were located in the following cities: 

State 

City 
 Terminal or Satellite 
Location 

Owned/Leased 

Alabama 
 
 Mobile 
 Satellite 
 
 Leased 
 
 Alabama 
 
 Montgomery 
 Terminal 
 
 Leased 
 
 Florida 
 
 Cape Canaveral 
 Satellite 
 
 Leased 
 
 Florida 
 
 Ft. Lauderdale 
 Terminal 
 
 Leased 
 
 Florida 
 
 Freeport 
 Satellite 
 
 Leased 
 
 Florida 
 
 Jacksonville 
 Terminal 
 
 Owned 
 
 Florida 
 
 Newberry 
 Satellite 
 
 Leased 
 
 Florida 
 
 Orlando 
 Terminal 
 
 Leased 
 
 Florida 
 
 Panama City 
 Terminal 
 
 Owned 
 
 Florida 
 
 Pensacola 
 Terminal 
 
 Owned 
 
 Florida 
 
 Tampa 
 Terminal 
 
 Leased 
 
 Florida 
 
 White Springs 
 Terminal 
 
 Owned 
 
 Georgia 
 
 Albany 
 Terminal 
 
 Owned 
 
 Georgia 
 
 Athens 
 Satellite 
 
 Leased 
 
 Georgia 
 
 Augusta 
 Terminal 
 
 Owned 
 
 Georgia 
 
 Bainbridge 
 Terminal 
 
 Owned 
 
 Georgia 
 
 Columbus 
 Terminal 
 
 Owned 
 
 Georgia 
 
 Doraville 
 Terminal 
 
 Owned 
 
 Georgia 
 
 Macon 
 Terminal 
 
 Owned 
 
 Georgia 
 
 Rome 
 Satellite 
 
 Leased 
 
 Georgia 
 
 Savannah 
 Terminal 
 
 Leased 
 
 Tennessee 
 
 Chattanooga 
 Terminal 
 
 Leased 
 
 Tennessee 
 
 Knoxville 
 Terminal 
 
 Owned 

14 

Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

Information about our legal proceedings is included
in Note 11, Contingent Liabilities of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

On December 4, 2023, a lawsuit was filed (Philip Stone
v. Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc., John E. Anderson, John D. Baker, Thompson S. Baker II, Luke E Fichthorn III, Charles D. Hyman
and Eric K. Mann) against the Company and its individual directors in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York (Case
1:23-cv-10580). The complaint alleges violations of Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in connection
with alleged misleading statements or omissions of material fact in the Company s definitive proxy statement filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on December 1, 2023 in connection with the pending merger with an affiliate of UPT. The complaint seeks an injunction
and unspecified damages. The Company has also received several demand letters, purportedly on behalf of shareholders, making similar allegations.
The Company believes that the claims are frivolous, meritless and that the Company and the individual director defendants have substantial
legal and factual defenses to the claims. 

Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

None. 

PART II 

Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY,
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

There were approximately 312 holders of record of
Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc. common stock, .10 par value, as of September 30, 2023. The Company's common stock is traded on the
Nasdaq Stock Market (Symbol PATI). 

Dividends. On December 4, 2019, the
Company s Board of Directors declared a special cash dividend of 3.00 per share on the Company s outstanding common stock.
This special dividend was paid on January 30, 2020, to shareholders of record at the close of business on January 15, 2020. The Board
of Directors also declared a quarterly dividend of 0.15 per share, paid on January 30, 2020, to shareholders of record on January 15,
2020. On December 4, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors declared a special cash dividend of 3.00 per share on the Company s
outstanding common stock. This special dividend was paid on December 30, 2020, to shareholders of record at the close of business on December
17, 2020. On October 25, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors declared a special cash dividend of 3.75 per share on the Company s
outstanding common stock. This special dividend was paid on November 15, 2021, to shareholders of record at the close of business on November
8, 2021. Information concerning restrictions on the payment of cash dividends set forth in our debt instruments is included in Note 3
to the consolidated financial statements included herein. In addition, the merger agreement prohibits us from paying dividends. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans. Information regarding securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is included in Item 12
of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and
Affiliated Purchasers. Share repurchase activity during the three months ended September 30, 2023 was as follows: 

15 

Total 

Number of 

Shares 

Purchased 
 
 Approximate 

As Part of 
 
 Dollar Value of 

Total 

Publicly 
 
 Shares that May 

Number of 
 
 Average 
 
 Announced 
 
 Yet Be Purchased 

Shares 
 
 Price Paid 
 
 Plans or 
 
 Under the Plans 
 
 Period 
 
 Purchased 
 
 per Share 
 
 Programs 
 
 or Programs (1) 

July 1 through July 31 

5,000,000 

August 1 through August 31 

5,000,000 

September 1 through September 30 

5,000,000 

Total 

(1) On February 4, 2015, the
Board of Directors authorized management to expend up to 5,000,000 to repurchase shares of the Company s common stock from time
to time as opportunities arise. To date, the Company has not repurchased any common stock of the Company. 

Item 6. [RESERVED] 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION. 

Overview 

The business of the Company, conducted
through our wholly owned subsidiary, Florida Rock Tank Lines, Inc. (Tank Lines), which is a Southeastern U.S. based tank truck company,
is to transport petroleum and other liquids and dry bulk commodities. 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 

 Years ended September 30 

 (Amounts in thousands except per share
amounts) 

2023 

2022 

Change 

Revenues 

94,785 

87,882 

7.9 

Operating profit 

3,282 

9,299 

-64.7 

Income before income taxes 

3,588 

9,343 

-61.6 

Net income 

2,673 

7,190 

-62.8 

Per common share: 

Basic 

.76 

2.08 

-63.5 

Diluted 

.74 

1.98 

-62.6 

Total Assets 

52,667 

47,566 

10.7 

Total Debt 

Shareholders' Equity 

34,331 

31,187 

10.1 

Common Shares Outstanding 

3,526 

3,484 

1.2 

Book Value Per Common Share 

9.74 

8.95 

8.8 

Our revenues are primarily based on a set rate per
volume of product hauled to arrive at a desired rate per mile traveled. The rate also incorporates the cost of fuel at an assumed price
plus fuel surcharges to address the fluctuation in fuel prices. Over time, the fuel surcharge tables in the industry have become so numerous
and varied, both by 

16 

carriers and customers, that they have simply become
a part of the overall rating structure to arrive at that desired price per mile by market. We consider fuel surcharge revenue to be revenue
from services rather than other revenues. As a result, the Company determined there is no reason to report fuel surcharges as a separate
revenue line item and fuel surcharges are reported as part of Operating revenues. 

The Company s operations are influenced by a
number of external and internal factors. External factors include levels of economic and industrial activity, driver availability and
cost, government regulations regarding driver qualifications and limitations on the hours drivers can work, petroleum product demand in
the Southeast which is driven in part by tourism and commercial aviation, and fuel costs. Internal factors include revenue mix, equipment
utilization, Company imposed restrictions on hiring drivers under the age of 21 or drivers without at least one year of driving experience,
auto and workers compensation accident frequencies and severity, administrative costs, and group health claims experience. 

Our operating costs primarily consist of the following: 

Compensation and Benefits - Wages and employee benefits for our drivers
and terminal support personnel is the largest component of our operating costs. These costs are impacted by such factors as miles driven,
driver pay increases, driver turnover and training costs and additional driver pay due to temporary out-of-town deployments to cover business. 

Fuel Expenses - Our fuel expenses will vary depending on miles driven
as well as such factors as fuel prices (which can be highly volatile), the fuel efficiency of our fleet and the average haul length. 

Repairs and Tires This category consists of vehicle maintenance
and repairs (excluding shop personnel) and tire expense (including amortization of tire cost and road repairs). These expenses will vary
based on such factors as miles driven, the age of our fleet, and tire prices. 

Other Operating Expenses This category consists of tolls,
hiring costs, out-of-town driver travel cost, terminal facility maintenance and other operating expenses. These expenses will vary based
on such factors as, driver availability and out-of-town driver travel requirements, business growth and inflation among others. 

Insurance and Losses This includes costs associated with
insurance premiums, and the self-insured portion of liability, workers compensation, health insurance and cargo claims and wreck
repairs. We work very hard to manage these expenses through our safety and wellness programs, but these expenses will vary depending on
the frequency and severity of accident and health claims, insurance markets and deductible levels. 

Depreciation Expense Depreciation expense consists of the
depreciation of the cost of fixed assets such as tractors and trailers over the life assigned to those assets. The amount of depreciation
expense is impacted by equipment prices and the timing of new equipment purchases. We expect the cost of new tractors and trailers to
continue to increase, impacting our future depreciation expense. 

Rents, Tags and Utilities Expenses This category consists
of rents payable on leased facilities and leased equipment, federal highway use taxes, vehicle registrations, license and permit fees
and personal property taxes assessed against our equipment, communications, utilities and real estate taxes. 

Sales, General and Administrative Expenses This category
consists of the wages, bonus accruals, benefits, travel, vehicle and office costs for our administrative personnel as well as professional
fees and amortization charges for intangible assets purchased in acquisitions of other businesses. 

Corporate Expenses Corporate expenses consist of wages, bonus
accruals, insurance and other benefits, travel, vehicle and office costs for corporate executives, director fees, stock option expense
and aircraft expense. 

Gains/Loss on Disposition of Property, Plant Equipment 
Our financial results for any period may be impacted by any gain or loss that we realize on the sale of used equipment, losses on wrecked
equipment, and disposition of other assets. We periodically sell used equipment as we replace older tractors and trailers. Gains or losses
on equipment sales can vary significantly from period to period depending on the timing of our equipment replacement cycle, market prices
for used equipment and losses on wrecked equipment. 

To measure our performance, management focuses primarily
on transportation revenue growth, revenue miles, our preventable accident frequency rate PAFR ), our operating ratio (defined
as our operating expenses as a percentage of our operating revenue), turnover rate (excluding drivers related to terminal closures) and
average driver count (defined as average number of revenue producing drivers including owner operators (O.O.) under employment over the
specified time period) as compared to the same period in the prior year. 

17 

ITEM 
 FY 2023 vs. FY 2022 
 
 Operating Revenues 
 Up 7.9 
 
 Revenue Miles 
 Up 2.7 
 
 Revenue Per Mile 
 Up 4.8 
 
 PAFR (incidents per 1M miles) goal of 1.87 
 1.42 vs 1.64 
 
 Operating Ratio 
 96.5 vs. 89.4 
 
 Driver Turnover Rate 
 72.0 vs. 81.9 
 
 Avg. Driver Count incl. owner operators 
 Up 5.0 

COMPARATIVE RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Fiscal Years ended September 30 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 
 2023 

2022 

2021 

Revenue miles (in thousands) 

21,872 

21,293 

23,832 

Operating Revenues 

94,785 

100.0 

87,882 

100.0 

81,268 

100.0 

Cost of operations: 

Compensation and benefits 

43,493 

45.9 

37,906 

43.1 

36,198 

44.5 

Fuel expenses 

11,971 

12.6 

13,288 

15.1 

9,630 

11.9 

Repairs tires 

6,102 

6.4 

5,760 

6.6 

5,402 

6.7 

Other operating 

3,125 

3.3 

3,027 

3.4 

3,270 

4.0 

Insurance and losses 

7,064 

7.5 

8,167 

9.3 

7,261 

8.9 

Depreciation expense 

5,410 

5.7 

5,537 

6.3 

6,654 

8.2 

Rents, tags utilities 

2,578 

2.7 

2,650 

3.0 

2,708 

3.3 

Sales, general administrative 

10,592 

11.2 

9,306 

10.6 

8,764 

10.8 

Corporate expenses 

2,215 

2.3 

2,011 

2.3 

1,936 

2.4 

Gain on sale of terminal sites 

0.0 

(8,330) 

-9.5 

(1,614) 

-2.0 

Loss (gain) on disposition of PP E 

(1,047) 

-1.1 

(739) 

-0.8 

179 

0.2 

Total cost of operations 

91,503 

96.5 

78,583 

89.4 

80,388 

98.9 

Total operating profit 

3,282 

3.5 

9,299 

10.6 

880 

1.1 

Fiscal Year 2023 versus 2022 

The Company reported net income of 2,673,000, or
 .74 per share for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, compared to 7,190,000, or 1.98 per share in the same period last year.
Net income in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 included 6,281,000, or 1.73 per share, from one-time gains on real estate net
of income taxes. 

Revenue miles were up 579,000, or 2.7 , over the same
period last year. Operating revenues for the period were 94,785,000, up 6,903,000 from the same period last year due to an increase
in miles, rate increases and an improved business mix. Operating revenue per mile was up .20, or 4.8 . 

Compensation and benefits increased 5,587,000, mainly
due to the increases in driver compensation, a 331,000 increase in training pay versus the same period last year and increases in owner
operators. Fuel expense decreased 1,317,000 due to lower diesel prices. Insurance and losses decreased 1,103,000 due to lower risk and
health insurance claims. Depreciation expense was down 127,000 in the period. Sales, general administrative increased 1,286,000
due mainly to bonus accruals, increased travel and higher 401(k) match. Corporate expenses were up 204,000 due to 368,000 of costs related
to the pending merger. Gain on sale of equipment was 1,047,000 versus 739,000 in the same period last year. 

As a result, operating profit this period was 3,282,000
compared to 9,299,000 in the same period last year. Prior year gain on the sale of land was 8,330,000 due to the sale of our former
terminal location in Tampa, FL. Operating ratio was 96.5 versus 89.4 in the same period last year. 

18 

Fiscal Year 2022 versus 2021 

The Company reported net income of 7,190,000, or
 1.98 per share, in fiscal year 2022 compared to 625,000, or .18 per share, in fiscal year 2021. Net income in fiscal year 2022 included
 6,281,000, or 1.73 per share, from gains on real estate sales net of income taxes. Net income in fiscal year 2021 included 1,170,000,
or .34 per share, from gains on real estate sales net of income taxes. 

Revenue miles in fiscal year 2022 were down 2,539,000,
or 11 , over the prior year due to a lower average driver count (down ~40 drivers from last year). Operating revenues for fiscal year
2022 were 87,882,000, up 6,614,000 from fiscal year 2021. Operating revenue per mile in fiscal year 2022 was up .72, or 21.1 due to
rate increases, higher fuel surcharges and an improved business mix. 

Compensation and benefits increased 1,708,000 in
fiscal year 2022, mainly due to the increased driver compensation package offset by a lower driver count and non-driver personnel reductions.
Fuel expense increased 3,658,000 in fiscal year 2022 as a result of higher diesel prices. Insurance and losses increased 906,000 in
fiscal year 2022, primarily as a result of the maximum limit COVID health claim 420,000), a negative workers compensation adjustment
from a prior year claim 380,000), and two vehicle rollovers 269,000). Depreciation expense was down 1,117,000 in fiscal year
2022. SG A expense was higher by 542,000 in fiscal year 2022 which included a one-time transaction bonus of 394,000 following the
sale of the Tampa property for certain members of management. Gain on the sale of land was 8,330,000 in fiscal year 2022 due to the sale
of our former terminal location in Tampa, FL compared to 1,614,000 in fiscal year 2021 due to the sale of our former terminal location
in Pensacola, FL and the sale and partial leaseback of our terminal in Chattanooga, TN. Gain on the sale of assets was 739,000 in fiscal
year 2022 versus a loss of 179,000) in fiscal year 2021. 

As a result, operating profit in fiscal year 2022
was 9,299,000 compared to 880,000 in fiscal year 2021. Operating ratio was 89.4 in fiscal year 2022 versus 98.9 in fiscal year 2021.
Excluding the gain on sale of Tampa terminal and the one-time transaction bonus, adjusted operating profit in fiscal year 2022 was 1,363,000
as compared to an adjusted operating loss of 734,000) in fiscal year 2021. The COVID medical claim, the prior year workers compensation
claim and the two Q4 rollover incidents resulted in a total charge of 1,268,000 in fiscal 2022. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

To supplement the financial results presented in accordance
with GAAP, Patriot presents certain non-GAAP financial measures within the meaning of Regulation G promulgated by the Securities and Exchange
Commission. Patriot uses these non-GAAP financial measures to analyze its continuing operations and to monitor, assess, and identify meaningful
trends in its operating and financial performance. These measures are not, and should not be viewed as, substitutes for GAAP financial
measures. 

Adjusted Operating Profit 

Adjusted operating profit excludes the impact of the
gain on sale of terminal sites and the one-time transaction bonus related to the sale. Adjusted operating profit is presented to provide
additional perspective on underlying trends in Patriot s core operating results. A reconciliation between operating profit and adjusted
operating profit is as follows: 

Twelve months ended 

September 30, 2022 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 
 Operating profit 

9,299 

880 

Adjustments: 

Gain on sale of terminal sites 

(8,330) 

(1,614) 
 
 One-time transaction bonus 

394 

Adjusted operating profit (loss) 

1,363 

(734) 

19 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

The Company maintains its operating accounts with
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and these accounts directly sweep overnight against the Wells Fargo revolver. Our revolver has a maximum amount
available of 15 million and as of September 30, 2023, we had no debt outstanding on this revolver, 1,754,000 letters of credit and 13,246,000
available for additional borrowings. The Company expects our fiscal year 2024 cash generation to cover the cost of our operations and
our budgeted capital expenditures. 

Cash Flows - The following table summarizes
our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for each of the periods presented (in thousands of dollars): 

Years Ended September 30, 

2023 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Total cash provided by (used for): 

Operating activities 

8,872 

4,235 

2,772 

Investing activities 

(10,862) 

5,661 

2,173 

Financing activities 

117 

(12,493) 

(10,008) 
 
 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

(1,873) 

(2,597) 

(5,063) 

Outstanding debt at the beginning of the period 

Outstanding debt at the end of the period 

Operating Activities - Net cash provided by
operating activities (as set forth in the cash flow statement) was 8,872,000 for the year ended September 30, 2023, 4,235,000 in 2022
and 2,772,000 in 2021. The total of net income plus depreciation and amortization less gains on sales of property and equipment increased
 3,477,000 versus last year. These changes are described above under Comparative Results of Operations . 

Investing Activities Investing activities
include the purchase of property and equipment, any business acquisitions and proceeds from sales of property and equipment upon retirement.
For the year ended September 30, 2023, cash used in investing activities was 10,862,000 which included the proceeds from retirements
net of the purchase of property, plant and equipment. For the year ended September 30, 2022, cash provided by investing activities was
 5,661,000 which included the proceeds from retirements net of the purchase of property, plant and equipment. 

For the year ended September 30, 2021, cash provided
by investing activities was 2,173,000 which included the proceeds from retirements net of the purchase of property, plant and equipment. 

Financing Activities Financing activities
primarily include net changes to our outstanding revolving debt and proceeds from the sale of shares of common stock through employee
equity incentive plans and dividends. For the year ended September 30, 2023, cash provided by financing activities was 117,000 due to
proceeds from exercised stock options offset by expired stock options. For the year ended September 30, 2022, cash used in financing activities
was 12,493,000 due to dividends paid offset by proceeds from exercised stock options. 

For the year ended September 30, 2021, cash used in
financing activities was 10,008,000 primarily due to dividends paid. The Company had no outstanding long-term debt on September 30, 2023
or September 30, 2022. 

Credit Facilities - The Company has a five-year
credit agreement with Wells Fargo Bank N.A. which provides a 15 million revolving line of credit with a 10 million sublimit for stand-by
letters of credit. The amounts outstanding under the credit agreement bear interest at a rate of 1.1 over the Secured Overnight Financing
Rate SOFR ), which may change quarterly based on the Company s ratio of consolidated total debt to consolidated total
capital. A commitment fee of 0.12 per annum is payable quarterly on the unused portion of the commitment. The credit agreement contains
certain conditions and financial covenants, including a minimum tangible net worth. As of September 30, 2023, the tangible net worth covenant
would have limited our ability to pay dividends or repurchase stock with borrowed funds to a maximum of 5,332,000 combined. 

Cash Requirements - The
Company projects that cash flows from operating activities, cash on hand and the funds available under its revolving credit agreement
will be adequate to finance its capital expenditures, any dividends paid and its working capital needs for the next 12 months and the
foreseeable future. 

20 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

Except for the letters of credit described above under
 Liquidity and Capital Resources, the Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that either have, or are reasonably
likely to have, a current or future material effect on its financial condition. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

The preparation of financial statements in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the respective reporting periods. Accounting estimates are considered
to be critical if (1) the nature of the estimates and assumptions is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary
to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change; and (2) the impact of the estimates and
assumptions on financial condition or operating performance is material. Actual results could differ from the estimates and assumptions
used. Management of the Company considers the following accounting policies critical to the reported operations of the Company: 

Accounts Receivable Valuation . The Company
is subject to customer credit risk that could affect the collection of outstanding accounts receivable. To mitigate these risks, the Company
performs credit reviews on all new customers and periodic credit reviews on existing customers. A detailed analysis of late and slow pay
customers is prepared monthly and reviewed by senior management. The overall collectability of outstanding receivables is evaluated, and
allowances are recorded as appropriate. Significant changes in customer credit could require increased allowances and affect cash flows. 

Property and Equipment and Impairment of Tangible
and Intangible Assets . Property and equipment is recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation. Provision for depreciation of property
and equipment is computed using the straight-line method based on the following estimated useful lives: 

Years 
 
 Buildings and improvements 
 7-39 
 
 Revenue equipment 
 7-10 
 
 Other equipment 
 3-10 

The Company periodically reviews property
and equipment for potential impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount of a long-lived asset may not be
recoverable. The analysis consists of a review of future anticipated results considering business prospects and asset utilization. If
the sum of these future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount of the assets, the Company
would record an impairment loss based on the fair value of the assets with the fair value of the assets generally based upon an estimate
of the discounted future cash flows expected with regards to the assets and their eventual disposition as the measure of fair value. The
Company performs an annual impairment test on goodwill and other intangible assets. Changes in estimates or assumptions could have an
impact on the Company s financials. 

Claims and Insurance Accruals. The nature of
the transportation business subjects the Company to risks arising from workers compensation, automobile liability, and general
liability claims. The Company retains the exposure on liability claims of 250,000 and 500,000 for workers compensation claims
and has third party coverage for amounts exceeding the retention up to the amount of the policy limits. The Company expenses during the
year an estimate of risk insurance losses based upon independent actuarial analysis, insurance company estimates, and our monthly review
of claims reserve changes. In making claim reserve changes we rely upon estimates of our insurance company adjusters, attorney evaluations,
and judgment of our management. Our estimates require judgment concerning the nature, severity, comparative liability, jurisdiction, legal
and investigative costs of each claim. Claims involving serious injury have greater uncertainty of the eventual cost. In the past, our
estimate of the amount of individual claims has increased from insignificant amounts to the full deductible as we learn more information
about the claim in subsequent periods. We obtain an independent actuarial analysis at least twice annually to assist in estimating
the total loss reserves expected on claims including claim development and incurred but not reported claims. Payments made under a captive
agreement for each year s loss fund are scheduled in advance using actuarial 

21 

methodology. The captive agreement provides that we
will share in the underwriting results, good or bad, within a 250,000 per occurrence layer of loss through retrospective premium adjustments. We
also retain exposure on employee health benefits up to 250,000 per covered participant each calendar year plus a 84,500 aggregate deductible
for any claims exceeding 250,000. We estimate claim liability using historical payment trends and specific knowledge of larger claims.
Health claims are expensed as the health services are rendered so there is only a two-month lag in payments on average. We are usually
aware of the larger claims before closing each accounting period reducing the amount of uncertainty of the estimate. Our accrued
insurance liabilities for retiree benefits are recorded by actuarial calculation. Including the potential exposure in the captive we have
 2.65 million of estimated insurance liabilities. In the event that actual costs for these claims are different than estimates we will
have adjustments in future periods. It is likely that we will experience either gains or losses of 5-10 of prior year estimated
insurance liabilities in any year. Our total accrued insurance liabilities excluding the captive as of September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021
amounted to 2.2 million, 2.5 million, and 2.6 million, respectively. 

Income Taxes. The Company accounts for income
taxes under the asset-and-liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent items that will result in taxable income or
a tax deduction in future years for which the related tax expense or benefit has already been recorded in our statement of earnings. Deferred
tax accounts arise as a result of timing differences between when items are recognized in the consolidated financial statements compared
with when they are recognized in the tax returns. The Company assesses the likelihood that deferred tax assets will be recovered from
future taxable income. To the extent recovery is not probable, a valuation allowance is established and included as an expense as part
of our income tax provision. No valuation allowance was recorded at September 30, 2023, as all deferred tax assets are considered more
likely than not to be realized. Significant judgment is required in determining and assessing the impact of complex tax laws and certain
tax-related contingencies on the provision for income taxes. As part of the calculation of the provision for income taxes, we assess whether
the benefits of our tax positions are at least more likely than not of being sustained upon audit based on the technical merits of the
tax position. For tax positions that are more likely than not of being sustained upon audit, we accrue the largest amount of the benefit
that is more likely than not of being sustained in our financial statements. Such accruals require estimates and judgments, whereby actual
results could vary materially from these estimates. Further, a number of years may elapse before a particular matter, for which an established
accrual was made, is audited and resolved. 

INFLATION 

Most of the Company s operating expenses
are inflation-sensitive, with inflation generally producing increased costs of operations. 

In addition to inflation, fluctuations
in fuel prices can affect profitability. Most of the Company s contracts with customers contain fuel surcharge provisions. Although
the Company historically has been able to pass through most long-term increases in fuel prices and operating taxes to customers in the
form of surcharges and higher rates, there is no guarantee that this will be possible in the future. See Risk Factors We
may be adversely impacted by fluctuations in the price and availability of fuel. 

SEASONALITY 

Our business is subject to seasonal trends
common in the refined petroleum products delivery industry. We typically face reduced demand for refined petroleum products delivery services
during the winter months and increased demand during the spring and summer months. Further, operating costs and earnings are generally
adversely affected by inclement weather conditions. These factors generally result in lower operating results during the first and second
fiscal quarters of the year and cause our operating results to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Our fuel efficiency is somewhat lower
in colder months. 

Item 7.A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Interest Rate Risk . We are exposed to the impact
of interest rate changes through our variable-rate borrowings under the Credit Agreement. Under the Wells Fargo revolving credit line,
the applicable margin for borrowings at September 30, 2023 was 1.1 over SOFR. 

22 

The Company did not have any variable or fixed rate
debt outstanding at September 30, 2023, so a sensitivity analysis was not performed to determine the impact of hypothetical changes in
interest rates on the Company s results of operations and cash flows. 

Commodity Price Risk . The price and availability
of diesel fuel are subject to fluctuations due to changes in the level of global oil production, seasonality, weather, global politics
and other market factors. Historically, we have been able to recover a significant portion of fuel price increases from our customers
in the form of fuel surcharges. The typical fuel surcharge table provides some margin contribution at higher diesel fuel prices but also
results in some margin erosion at lower diesel fuel prices. The price and availability of diesel fuel can be unpredictable as well as
the extent to which fuel surcharges can be collected to offset such increases. In fiscal 2023 and 2022, a significant portion of fuel
costs was recovered through rate and fuel surcharges. 

Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA. 

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

 To the Board of Directors and
Shareholders of Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc. 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets of Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc. (the Company) as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated
statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period
ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In
our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as
of September 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended
September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These consolidated financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audits included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 Critical Audit Matter 

 The critical audit matter communicated
below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to
be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial
statements and (2) involved our 

23 

especially challenging, subjective,
or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical
audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Auto Liability and Workers 
Compensation Claims Accrual Risk Accrual 

 Description of the Matter 

 The Company is self-insured
for a portion of its risk related to auto liability and workers compensation. The Company retains the exposure on liability claims
of 250,000 and 500,000 for worker s compensation claims and has third-party coverage for amounts exceeding the retention up to
the amount of the policy limits. The Company accrues an expense for the cost of the self-insured portion of unpaid claims by evaluating
the nature and severity of reported claims and by estimating future claims development based upon historical development trends. The actual
cost to settle self-insured claim liabilities may differ from the Company s reserve estimates due to legal costs, claims that have
been incurred but not reported, and various other uncertainties. 

 We identified the estimation
of auto liability and workers compensation claims accruals subject to self-insurance retention of 1.9 million as a critical audit
matter. The accrual is included in Accrued insurance on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. Auto liability and
workers compensation unpaid claim liabilities are determined by projecting the estimated ultimate loss related to a claim, less
actual costs paid to date. These estimates rely on the assumption that historical claim patterns are an accurate representation for future
claims that have been incurred but not completely paid. The principal considerations for assessing auto liability and workers compensation
claims as a critical audit matter are the high level of estimation uncertainty related to determining the severity of these types of claims,
the inherent subjectivity in management s judgment in estimating the total costs to settle or dispose of these claims, and high
degree of auditor judgement and an increased extent of effort to test the Company s claims accruals. 

 How we Addressed the Matter
in our Audit 

 We tested the effectiveness
of controls over auto liability and workers compensation claims, including the completeness and accuracy of claim expenses and
payments. 

 We tested management s
reconciliation of the reported claims data to the data submitted to their third-party actuary. 

 We tested management s
process for determining the auto liability and workers compensation accrual, including testing the underlying claims data used
as the basis for the actuarial analysis and testing current year claims and payment data. 

 We tested management s
comparison to selected loss accruals to the range established by management s third-party actuary and historical trends. 

 Hancock Askew Co., LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2006. 

Jacksonville, Florida 

 December 12, 2023 

24 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS - As of September
30 

 (In thousands, except share data) 

2023 

2022 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable (net of allowance for doubtful 
 accounts of and , respectively) 

Federal and state taxes receivable 

Inventory of parts and supplies 

Prepaid tires on equipment 

Prepaid taxes and licenses 

Prepaid insurance 

Prepaid expenses, other 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, at cost: 

Land 

Buildings 

Equipment 

Property, plant and equipment, gross 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Other assets, net 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Federal and state taxes payable 

Accrued payroll and benefits 

Accrued insurance 

Accrued liabilities, other 

Operating lease liabilities, current portion 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, less current portion 

Deferred income taxes 

Accrued insurance 

Other liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) 

Shareholders' equity: 

Preferred stock, shares authorized, 
 of which shares are designated Series A 
 Junior Participating Preferred Stock; par 
 value; issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; 
 and shares issued and outstanding, respectively) 

Capital in excess of par value 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income, net 

Total shareholders' equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

25 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
- Years ended September 30 

 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Years Ended September 30, 

2023 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 

Operating revenues 

Cost of operations: 

Compensation and benefits 

Fuel expenses 

Repairs tires 

Other operating 

Insurance and losses 

Depreciation expense 

Rents, tags utilities 

Sales, general administrative 

Corporate expenses 

Gain on sale of terminal sites 

() 

() 
 
 Loss (gain) on disposition of PP E 

() 

() 

Total cost of operations 

Total operating profit 

Interest income and other 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Income before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Earnings per common share: 

Net income- 

Basic 

Diluted 

Number of shares (in thousands) used in computing: 

-basic earnings per common share 

-diluted earnings per common share 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME - Years
ended September 30 (In thousands) 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Net income 

Other comp. income (loss) net of tax: 

Unrealized investment gains (losses), net 

() 

Loss on retiree health, net 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Comprehensive income 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

26 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY - Years
ended September 30 

 (In thousands, except share amounts) 

Retained 

Accumulated 

Capital in 
 
 Earnings/ 

Other 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 

Excess of 
 
 (Accumulated) 

Comprehensive 
 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 

Amount 

Par Value 
 
 Deficit 

Income, net 
 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as of October 1, 2020 

Stock-based compensation 

Exercise of stock options 

Shares granted to Directors 

Cash dividends per share) 

() 

() 
 
 Net income 

Loss on retiree health, net 

() 

() 
 
 Balance as of September 30, 2021 

() 

Balance as of September 30, 2021 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Exercise of stock options 

Shares granted to Directors 

Cash dividends per share) 

() 

() 
 
 Net income 

Unrealized investment losses, net 

() 

() 
 
 Loss on retiree health, net 

() 

() 
 
 Balance as of September 30, 2022 

() 

Balance as of September 30, 2022 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Exercise of stock options 

Shares granted to Directors 

Expired stock options 

() 

() 
 
 Net income 

Unrealized investment gains, net 

Loss on retiree health, net 

() 

() 
 
 Balance as of September 30, 2023 

() 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

27 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - Years
ended September 30 

(In thousands) 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to 
 net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Non-cash lease expense 

Non-cash gain of acquisition-related contingent consideration 

() 
 
 Deferred income taxes 

() 

() 
 
 Gain on asset dispositions 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Stock-based compensation 

Net changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

Inventory of parts and supplies 

() 

Prepaid expenses 

() 
 
 Other assets 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

() 

() 
 
 Income taxes payable and receivable 

() 

() 
 
 Operating lease liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Long-term insurance liabilities and other 
 long-term liabilities 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Dividends paid 

() 

() 
 
 Expired stock options 

() 

Proceeds from exercised stock options 

Net cash provided
 by (used in) financing activities 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

28 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of our business consists of hauling liquid petroleum products (mostly gas and diesel fuel) from large scale fuel storage facilities
to our customers retail outlets (e.g. convenience stores, truck stops and fuel depots) where we off-load the product into our customers 
fuel storage tanks for ultimate sale to the retail consumer. The remaining of our business consists of hauling our customers 
dry bulk commodities such as cement, lime and various industrial powder products, water and liquid chemicals. Our operations are comprised
of reportable segment. 

balances written off are charged against
the allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company has not experienced any significant credit-related losses in the past three years. 

Revenue equipment 

Other equipment 

The Company recorded depreciation expenses
for 2023, 2022 and 2021 of , and , respectively. Gains and losses upon disposition are reflected in operating
results in the period of disposition. Direct internal and external costs to implement computer systems and internal-use software are capitalized.
Capitalized costs are depreciated over the estimated useful life of the system or software, generally 5 years, beginning when
site installation or module development is complete and ready for use. 

operating segment and therefore reporting
unit. The fair value of each reporting unit is determined and compared to the book value of the reporting unit. If the fair value of the
reporting unit is less than the book value, including goodwill, then the recorded goodwill is impaired to its implied fair value with
a charge to operating expense. 

self-insured retention per occurrence in connection with certain of its workers compensation, automobile liability, and
general liability insurance programs risk insurance ). The Company is also self-insured for its employee health insurance
benefits and carries stop loss coverage for losses over per covered participant per year plus a aggregate. The Company
has established an accrued liability for the estimated cost in connection with its portion of its risk and health insurance losses incurred
and reported. Claims paid by the Company are charged against the liability. Additionally, the Company maintains an accrued liability for
incurred but not reported claims based on historical analysis of such claims. Payments made under a captive agreement for each year s
loss fund are scheduled in advance using actuarial methodology. The captive agreement provides that we will share in the underwriting
results, good or bad, within a per occurrence layer of loss through retrospective premium adjustments. The method of calculating
the accrual liability is subject to inherent uncertainty. If actual results are less favorable than the estimates used to calculate the
liabilities, the Company would have to record expenses in excess of what has been accrued. 

based on factors including, but not limited
to, changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law and expiration of statutes of limitations, effectively settled issues under
audit, and audit activity. Such a change in recognition or measurement would result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional
charge to the tax provision. It is the Company s policy to recognize as additional income tax expense the items of interest and
penalties directly related to income taxes. 

, , and for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Included in the charges above are amounts recognized for corporate executive stock-based compensation expense. These charges are reflected
as a reduction to Patriot corporate expenses. 

We employ an allocation method to allocate
said expenses and thus we believe that the allocations to FRP are a reasonable approximation of the costs related to FRP s operations,
but any such related-party transactions cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm s-length basis. 

long-term debt outstanding
at September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022. 

On July 6, 2021, Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc.
(the Company entered into the 2021 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the The Amended and Restated
Credit Agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Wells Fargo ). The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
modifies the Company's prior Credit Agreement with Wells Fargo, dated January 30, 2015, as amended by that certain First Amendment dated
December 28, 2018. The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement establishes a five-year revolving credit facility with a maximum facility
amount of million , with a separate sublimit for standby letters of credit. The credit facility limit may be increased to million 
upon request by the Company, subject to the lender's discretion and the satisfaction of certain conditions. The interest rate under the
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement is over the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). A commitment fee of 
per annum is payable quarterly on the unused portion of the commitment. As of September 30, 2023, we had outstanding debt borrowed
on this revolver, in commitments under letters of credit and available for additional borrowings. The letter of
credit fee is and the applicable interest rate for borrowings would have been on September 30, 2023. 

This credit agreement contains certain conditions,
affirmative financial covenants and negative covenants including a minimum tangible net worth of million . The Company was in compliance
with all of its loan covenants as of September 30, 2023. As of September 30, 2023, the tangible net worth covenant would have limited
our ability to pay dividends or repurchase stock with borrowed funds to a maximum of combined. 

Lease liabilities, current 

() 

() 
 
 Lease liabilities, long-term 

() 

() 

As the Company s operating leases do not provide
an implicit rate, the Company utilized its incremental borrowing rate determined by obtaining a quote from their lender and applied to
the individual leases. The assumptions underlying the calculation of the Company s right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are
disclosed below. 

September 30, 2023 

Weighted-average 
 
 Weighted-average 

Remaining lease term 

Discount rate 

Revenue equipment and other leases 
 
 .1 years 

Real estate leases 
 
 2.6 years 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

() 
 
 Present value of operating lease liabilities 

Aggregate expense under operating leases
was 1,074,000, 1,062,000 and 1,097,000 for 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Certain operating leases include rent escalation provisions,
which are recognized as expense on a straight-line basis. 

Common shares issuable under share 
 based payment plans which are 
 potentially dilutive 

Common shares used for diluted 
 earnings per common share 

Net income 

Earnings per common share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

For 2023 and 2022, and shares,
respectively, attributable to outstanding stock options were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because their
inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 

Participation in FRP Plans 

 Prior to the Company s spin-off from
FRP Holdings, Inc. (FRP) in January 2015, the Company's directors, officers and key employees previously were eligible to participate
in FRP's 2000 Stock Option Plan and the 2006 Stock Option Plan under which options for shares of common stock were granted to directors,
officers and key employees. 

Post Spin-Off Patriot Incentive Stock
Plan 

 As part of the spin-off transaction, the
Board of Directors of the Company adopted the Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc. Incentive Stock Plan. Patriot Plan in January 2015. In exchange for all outstanding FRP options held on January 30, 2015, existing Company directors, officers and key employees
holding option grants in the FRP Stock Option Plan(s) were issued new grants in the Patriot and FRP Plans based upon the relative value
of Patriot and FRP immediately following the completion of the spin-off with the same remaining terms. All related compensation expense
has been allocated to the Company (rather than FRP) and included in corporate expenses. The number of common shares available for future
issuance in the Patriot Plan was at September 30, 2023. 

On November 15, 2021, the Company paid an
extraordinary dividend of per share to all shareholders of record. In accordance with Section 4.2 of the 2006 Stock Incentive Plan,
Section 11 of the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, and Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, the Company has adjusted the terms of all
stock option grants outstanding and the stock appreciation rights as of the close of business on November 15, 2021. 

On December 30, 2020, the Company paid an
extraordinary dividend of per share to all shareholders of record. In accordance with Section 4.2 of the 2006 Stock Incentive Plan,
Section 11 of the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, and Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, the Company has adjusted the terms of all
stock option grants outstanding and the stock appreciation rights as of the close of business on December 30, 2020. 

Patriot utilizes the Black-Scholes valuation
model for estimating fair value of stock compensation for options awarded to officers and employees. Each grant is evaluated based upon
assumptions at the time of grant or modification. The revised assumptions due to the revaluation are dividend yield of , expected volatility
between and , risk-free interest rate of .54 to and expected life of 1.8 to 6.0 years. 

The dividend yield of was based on no
anticipated regular quarterly dividend at the date of modification for the extraordinary dividend. Expected volatility is estimated based
on historical experience over a period equivalent to the expected life in years. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury
constant maturity interest rate at the date of grant or modification with a term consistent with the expected life of the options granted.
The expected life calculation is based on the observed and expected time to exercise options by the employees. 

In December 2016, the Company approved and
issued a long-term performance incentive to an officer in the form of stock appreciation rights. As adjusted for the extraordinary dividend
the Company granted stock appreciation rights. The adjusted market price of the grant was , and the executive will get a
cash award at age 65 based upon the stock price at that date compared to the adjusted market price of but in no event will the award
be less than . The Company is expensing the fair value of the award over the 9.1-year vesting period to the officer s attainment
of age 65, with periodic adjustments to the liability estimate based upon changes in the assumptions used to calculate the liability.
The accrued liability under this plan as of September 30, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. 

The annual director stock grant was 
shares at in fiscal 2023, shares at and shares at in fiscal 2022, and shares at in fiscal
2021, based on the market prices indicated on the date of the grants. 

Annual director stock award 

Stock based compensation 

Weighted 
 
 Weighted 
 
 Weighted 

Number 
 
 Average 
 
 Average 
 
 Average 

Of 
 
 Exercise 
 
 Remaining 
 
 Grant Date 
 
 Options 
 Shares 
 
 Price 
 
 Term (yrs) 
 
 Fair Value 

Outstanding at October 1, 2020 (a) 

6.6 

Dividend Adjustment 

Granted 

Exercised 
 
 () 

() 
 
 Forfeited 
 
 () 

() 
 
 Outstanding at September 30, 2021 (b) 

6.5 

Dividend Adjustment 

Exercised 
 
 () 

() 
 
 Forfeited 
 
 () 

() 
 
 Outstanding at September 30, 2022 (c) 

5.3 

Expired 
 
 () 

() 
 
 Exercised 
 
 () 

() 
 
 Outstanding at September 30, 2023 

4.4 

Exercisable at September 30, 2023 

3.9 

Vested during twelve months ended 
 September 30, 2023 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

6.7 

6.95 - 9.38 

5.2 

6.5 
 Years 
 
 Exercisable: 

5.14 - 6.94 

5.7 

6.95 - 9.38 

3.3 

9.39 - 12.68 

.7 

3.9 
 Years 
 
 Total (a) 

4.4 
 Years 

(a) 

The aggregate intrinsic value of exercisable Company
options was and the aggregate intrinsic value of all outstanding in-the-money options was based on the Company s
market closing price of on 

September 29, 2023 less exercise prices. 

The realized tax benefit from option exercises
during fiscal 2023 was . The unrecognized compensation expense of Patriot options granted as of September 30, 2023 was ,
which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.8 years. 

State 

() 

Deferred 

() 

() 

Total 

State income tax
 (net of Federal income tax benefit) 

Other, net 

() 

() 

Provision for income taxes 

In this reconciliation, the category Other,
net consists of changes in permanent tax differences related to non-deductible expenses, goodwill tax amortization, interest and
penalties, and adjustments to prior year estimates. 

Prepaid expenses 

Gross deferred tax liabilities 

Deferred tax assets: 

Insurance liabilities 

Employee benefits and other 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Net deferred tax liability 

The Company has no unrecognized tax benefits. 

Tax returns in the U.S. and various states
are subject to audit by taxing authorities. As of September 30, 2023, the earliest tax year that remains open for audit in the United
States is 2018. We do not have any material unpaid assessments. 

The Company has established an accrued liability for
the estimated cost in connection with its portion of its risk and health insurance losses incurred and reported. Payments made under a
captive agreement for each year s risk loss fund are scheduled in advance using actuarial methodology. Captive insurance assets
available to us to settle risk insurance liabilities are not reported on our balance sheet as we do not control or consolidate the captive. 

Prepaid insurance claims 

() 

() 
 
 Accrued insurance, non-current 

Total accrued (prepaid) insurance reported on the Company s balance sheet 

Captive agreement assets 

Gross insurance liability estimate 

(with certain
limits) of the participant s contribution. Additionally, the Company may make an annual discretionary contribution to the plan as
determined by the Board of Directors, with certain limitations. The plan provides for deferred vesting with benefits payable upon retirement
or earlier termination of employment. The Company s cost was in 2023, in 2022 and in 2021. 

The Company has a Management Security Plan
(MSP) for certain key employees. The accruals for future benefits are based upon the remaining years to retirement of the participating
employees and other actuarial assumptions. The expense for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 was , and , respectively.
The accrued benefit related to the Company under this plan as of September 30, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. 

The Company provides certain health benefits
for retired employees. Employees may become eligible for those benefits if they were employed by the Company prior to December 10, 1992,
meet the service requirements and reach retirement age while working for Patriot. The plan is contributory and unfunded. The Company accrues
its allocated estimated cost of retiree health benefits over the years that the employees render service. The accrued postretirement benefit
obligation for this plan related to the Company as of September 30, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. The net periodic
postretirement benefit credit or cost allocated to the Company was ) , ) and ) for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The discount rate used in determining the Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost was for 2023, for 2022 and for 2021.
The discount rate used in determining the Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation (APBO) was for 2023, for 2022, and 
for 2021. No medical trend is applicable because the Company s share of the cost is frozen. 

The Company is involved in litigation on
a number of matters and is subject to certain claims which arise in the normal course of business. The Company has retained certain self-insurance
risks with respect to losses for third party liability and property damage. There is a reasonable possibility that the Company s
estimate of vehicle and workers compensation liability may be understated or overstated but the possible range cannot be estimated.
The liability at any point in time depends upon the relative ages and amounts of the individual open claims. In the opinion of management
none of these matters are expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows. 

of our revenue and one of these customers accounted
for of our revenue. Accounts receivable from the ten largest customers was and at September 30, 2023 and September
30, 2022, respectively. The loss of one or more of our major customers could have a material adverse effect on the Company s revenues
and income. 

Deposits : Cash
and cash equivalents are comprised of cash and an FDIC insured investment account at Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and U.S. Treasury bills. The
balance in the cash account may exceed FDIC limits. 

, or per share, from gains on the sale of our former terminal location in Pensacola, FL. Third quarter 2021 net income
included , or per share, from gains on the sale and partial leaseback of our terminal in Chattanooga, TN. 

First quarter 2022 net income included ,
or per share, from gains on the sale of our former terminal location in Tampa, FL. 

No activity 

September 30, 2021 

No activity 

September 30, 2022 

No activity 

September 30, 2023 

The Company assesses goodwill for impairment
on an annual basis in the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. 

The Company reviews intangible assets, including
customer value, trade name and non-compete agreements, for impairment, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of such assets may not be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived assets is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of
the asset group to the future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by those assets. If such assets are considered to be
impaired, the impairment charge recognized is the amount by which the carrying amounts of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. 

September 30, 2023 

September 30, 2022 

Gross 

Accumulated 

Gross 

Accumulated 

Amount 

Amortization 

Amount 

Amortization 

Amortizable intangible assets: 

Customer value 

Trade name 

Non-compete 

Amortization expense for intangible assets
for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 was , and respectively and it is included in sales, general and administrative
expense. The trade names are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of three and a half years. Customer values
are amortized based on the straight-line basis over the estimated remaining useful lives of ten to eleven years. Non-compete agreements
are amortized based on a straight-line basis over the term of the non-compete agreement, typically three to five years. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total 

in cash, without interest, subject to any applicable withholding taxes. Upon completion of the transaction,
which the parties expect will occur by late 2023 or early 2024, the Company will become a private company and delist from the NASDAQ Global
Select Market. 

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls And Procedures. 
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer
and chief accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such terms is defined under Rule
13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Based on this evaluation,
our principal executive officer, our principal financial officer and our chief accounting officer concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Management s Annual Report On Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our 

39 

internal control over financial reporting based on
the framework in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) , our management concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2023. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an
attestation report of our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Hancock Askew Co., LLP, regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm pursuant
to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

Change In Internal Control Over Financial Reporting .
During the fourth quarter of 2023, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Inherent Limitations Over Internal Controls. Our
internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

i. pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of our assets; 

ii. provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

iii. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use
or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide
absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human
error and circumvention by collusion or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even an effective internal control system may not prevent
or detect material misstatements on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

PART III 

Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE. 

The following sections provide an overview of Patriot s
corporate governance standards and processes, including the independence and other criteria we use in selecting our director nominees,
the Patriot Board leadership structure, risk oversight, shareholder communications and responsibilities of the Patriot Board and its Committees.
Our corporate 

40 

governance principles govern the operation of the
Patriot Board of Directors and its Committees and guide our
executive leaders in the execution of their responsibilities. 

Our Board of Directors 

The Patriot Board is comprised of a group of leaders
in their respective fields. Many directors have senior leadership experience and board and committee experience with public companies.
In these positions, they have gained significant and diverse management experience. 

Pursuant to our Articles of Incorporation, all directors
elected will serve a one-year term until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified.
The number of directors is currently six and may be increased or decreased by the Board, but not to less than three. 

Name 
 Current Position 
 Age 
 History With The Company 

John E. Anderson 
 Director 
 78 

Director since 2014 
 
 Director of FRP Holdings, Inc. FRPH ):
 1989-2003 and 2005- Spin-off 
 
 President and CEO of FRPH: 1989-2008 

John D. Baker II 
 Director 
 75 

Director since 2022 
 
 Director of FRPH: since 1986 Spin-off 
 
 CEO of FRPH: 2008- 2010 and since 2017 
 
 Chairman Florida Rock Tank Lines since 2014 

Thompson S. Baker II 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 Director 
 
 65 

Director since 2014 
 
 President and CEO: Spin-off- 2017 
 
 Director of FRPH: 1994- Spin-off 
 
 President of FRPH: 2010-2015 
 
 CEO of FRPH: 2010- 2017 
 
 Director Florida Rock Tank Lines since 2014 

Luke E. Fichthorn III 
 Director 
 82 

Director since 2014 
 
 Director of FRPH: 1989- Spin-off 

Charles D. Hyman 
 Director 
 64 
 Director since 2016 

Eric K. Mann 
 Director 
 64 
 Director elected December 2022 

The biographies below describe each director and his
qualifications that led the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee to nominate these individuals. 

John E. Anderson, age 78, has served as a director
of the Company since December 3, 2014. Mr. Anderson served as President and Chief Executive Officer of FRP Holdings, Inc. from 1989 to
2008 and as a director from 1989 to 2003, and again from October 2005 to January 2015. Mr. Anderson received his Master s Degree
in Business Administration from Harvard Business School. Mr. Anderson's many years as an executive officer and director of a public company
demonstrates his leadership abilities and provides the Patriot Board with the benefit of his extensive knowledge regarding the Company
and the transportation industry. 

John D. Baker II, age 75, was appointed as a director
of the Company on May 10, 2022 by the Company s board of directors, upon the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee to fill the vacancy on the board of directors created by the passing of Edward L. Baker. John Baker has served as Chairman of
Florida Rock Tank Lines, Inc., a subsidiary of the Company, since the Company was spun-off from FRP Holdings, Inc. in 2015. Mr.
Baker is the Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of FRP Holdings, Inc. From February 2008 until October 2010, he served as
the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Before joining Patriot, Mr. Baker was president and Chief Executive Officer
of Florida Rock Industries, Inc., a leading producer of construction aggregates and related materials throughout the Southeastern and
Mid-Atlantic states. Mr. Baker serves on the board of regional utility Jacksonville Electric Authority Board and has previously served
on the board of 

41 

directors of Wells Fargo Company, Wachovia Corp.,
Jacksonville Port Authority, Progress Energy, Vulcan Materials, Texas Industries, Hughes Supply and Edward Waters College. Prior
to his business career, Mr. Baker served in the Marine Corps. Mr. Baker maintains leadership roles in several community educational organizations
including Tiger Academy, KIPP Jacksonville, Inc., and the YMCA of Florida s First Coast. Mr. Baker brings to the Patriot Board extensive
knowledge in the transportation industry, as well as proven public company leadership and business experience. 

Thompson S. Baker II, age 65, has served as a director
of the Company since December 3, 2014. Mr. Baker is currently President of Vulcan Materials Company. Mr. Baker served as President and
Chief Executive Officer of the Company from December 3, 2014 to March 13, 2017. Mr. Baker served as a director of FRPH from 1994 until
March 13, 2017 and as the Chief Executive Officer for FRPH from October 1, 2010 until March 13, 2017. Mr. Baker served as the President
of the Florida Rock Division of Vulcan Materials Company from November 16, 2007 until September 2010. From August, 1991 to November 16,
2007, Mr. Baker served as the President of the Aggregates Group of Florida Rock Industries, Inc. Mr. Baker currently serves as a director
for Intrepid Capital Management, Inc. Mr. Baker's extensive service with the Company and with Florida Rock Industries, Inc. gives him
extensive knowledge of the Company's business and demonstrates his leadership qualities. 

Luke E. Fichthorn III, age 82, was elected as a director
of the Company on December 3, 2014. Mr. Fichthorn is currently a partner in Twain Associates, LLC, a private financial consulting firm.
From 1989 to January, 2015, Mr. Fichthorn served as a director for FRP Holdings, Inc. In the past, Mr. Fichthorn served as a director
and the Chief Executive Officer of Bairnco Corporation. Mr. Fichthorn received his Master s Degree in Business Administration from
Harvard Business School and has served as a financial consultant and audit committee member for several public companies. Mr. Fichthorn's
financial acumen and extensive investment banking and business experience provide the Patriot Board with valuable perspectives on strategic
decisions. 

Charles D. Hyman, age 64, was elected as a director
of the Company on July 27, 2016. Mr. Hyman is the president of Charles D. Hyman Company, a portfolio management company, and has
also served as a director and member of the audit, compensation and governance committees for Fidus Corporation since June 2011. Mr. Hyman
brings to the Patriot Board extensive business experience and financial acumen. 

Eric K. Mann, age 64, was appointed as a director
of the Company on December 6, 2022. Mr. Mann has served as president and CEO of YMCA of Florida s First Coast since 2011 and has
been with the YMCA for more than 40 years. He was CEO of the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania YMCA when he was recruited to become the first African
American leader of Florida s First Coast YMCA and as such, he also became the first African American CEO of a major metropolitan
YMCA south of the Mason-Dixon Line. Mr. Mann is Chairman of the Board of the Jacksonville Civic Council (JCC) and has served on the board
since 2014. Mr. Mann has also served on the board of directors of Brooks Health System since 2014 and became the incoming Chairman of
the board in 2023. Mr. Mann is a Trustee of Mars Hill University. Recently he served as co-chairman of JCC s Race and Social Justice
Task Force which has worked for two years to develop a community report. Mr. Mann brings to the Patriot Board his extensive business experience
and brings valuable knowledge in shaping diversity, inclusion and social responsibility policies. 

Executive Officers 

Robert E. Sandlin , age 62, has served as our President and Chief
Executive Officer since 2017. 

Matthew C. McNulty , age 49, has served as our Vice President, Secretary
and Chief Financial Officer since 2017 with the additional appointment of Chief Operating Officer on October 5, 2021. 

John D. Klopfenstein , age 60, has served as our Controller and Chief
Accounting Officer since 2014 with the additional appointment of Treasurer in 2020. 

James N. Anderson IV , age 61, has served as our Vice President of
Safety and Risk Management since 2014. 

Family Relationships 

Thompson S. Baker II, the Chairman of the Board (and
former President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company) is the nephew of John D. Baker II, a director of the Company. 

42 

Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee consists of Messrs. Fichthorn, Anderson, Hyman,
and Mann. The Audit Committee was established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. The Patriot Board has determined
that all Audit Committee members are independent and are able to read and understand financial statements. The Patriot Board has also
determined that the Chair of the Committee, Mr. Fichthorn, qualifies as an audit committee financial expert within the meaning
of SEC regulations. 

AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT 

 The Audit Committee reviews the Company s financial
reporting process on behalf of the Patriot Board. Management has the primary responsibility for the financial statements and the reporting
process, including the system of internal controls. The Audit Committee also selects the Company s independent registered public
accounting firm. The Audit Committee held four formal meetings in fiscal year 2023. 

In this context, the Audit Committee has met and held
discussions with management and the independent registered public accounting firm regarding the fair and complete presentation of the
Company s results and management s assessment of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. The Audit
Committee has discussed significant accounting policies applied by the Company in its financial statements, as well as alternative treatments.
Management represented to the Committee that the Company s consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and the Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed the consolidated financial
statements with management and the independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee discussed with the independent registered
public accounting firm matters required to be discussed pursuant to applicable standards adopted by the PCAOB. 

In addition, the Audit Committee has received the
written disclosures and the letter from the independent auditor required by the applicable requirements of PCAOB regarding the independent
auditor s communications with us concerning independence and has discussed with the independent auditor the auditor s independence
from the Company and its management. The Audit Committee also has considered whether the independent auditor s provision of non-audit
services to the Company is compatible with the auditor s independence. The Audit Committee has concluded that the independent auditor
is independent from the Company and its management. 

The Audit Committee reviewed and discussed Company
policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management. 

The Audit Committee discussed with the Company s
independent auditor the overall scope and plans for the audit. The Audit Committee meets with the independent auditors, with and without
management present, to discuss the results of their examinations, the evaluations of the Company s internal controls, and the overall
quality of the Company s financial reporting. 

In reliance on the reviews and discussions referred
to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Patriot Board, and the Patriot Board has approved, that the audited financial statements
be included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2023, for filing with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. 

Submitted by: 
 Luke E. Fichthorn III, Chairman 

John E. Anderson 

Charles D. Hyman 

Eric K. Mann 

Members of the Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee Report does not constitute soliciting
material, and shall not be deemed to be filed or incorporated by reference into any other Company filing under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates the Audit Committee Report by reference
therein. 

43 

Business Conduct Policies 

 We believe that operating with honesty and integrity
has earned us trust from our customers, credibility within our communities, and dedication from our employees. Our senior executive and
financial officers are bound by our Financial Code of Ethical Conduct. In addition, our directors, officers and employees are required
to abide by our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to ensure that our business is conducted in a consistently legal and ethical manner.
These policies cover many topics, including conflicts of interest, protection of confidential information, fair dealing, protection of
the Company s assets and compliance with laws, rules and regulations. 

Employees are required to report any conduct that
they believe in good faith to be an actual or apparent violation of these policies. The Audit Committee has adopted procedures to receive,
retain, and treat complaints received regarding accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters, and to allow for the confidential
and anonymous submission by employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters. 

The Financial Code of Ethical Conduct and the Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics (as adopted on January 28, 2015) is available on our website at patriottrans.com under Corporate Governance . 

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

We are currently considered a smaller reporting
company for purposes of the SEC s executive compensation and other disclosure rules. In accordance with such rules, we are
required to provide a Summary Compensation Table and an Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End Table, as well as limited narrative
disclosures. 

We design our executive officer compensation program
to attract, motivate, and retain the key executives who drive our success and industry leadership. Our compensation program consists of
several forms of compensation: base salary, cash incentive bonuses, equity compensation and other benefits and perquisites. Pay that reflects
performance and alignment of that pay with the interests of long-term shareholders are key principles that underlie our compensation program.
The Patriot Board believes that our current executive compensation program directly links executive compensation to our performance and
aligns the interest of our executive officers with those of our shareholders. 

Compensation Policies 

Internal Pay Equity. We believe that internal
pay equity is an important factor to be considered in establishing compensation for the officers. We have not established a policy regarding
the ratio of total compensation of the Chief Executive Officer to that of the other officers, but we do review compensation levels to
ensure that appropriate equity exists. 

Compensation Risk Assessment . The Compensation
Committee considers the risks that may result from the Company s compensation policies and practices. The Compensation Committee
believes that our compensation policies and practices for our executives are reasonable and properly align their interests with those
of our shareholders. The Compensation Committee believes that there are a number of factors that cause our compensation policies and practices
to not have a material adverse effect on the Company. The fact that our executive officers have their annual incentive compensation tied
to return on capital employed encourages actions that promote profitability. Our equity-based incentives further align the interest of
our executives with the long term interests of our shareholders. In addition, we believe that there are significant checks in place so
that employees whose compensation may have a shorter term focus are managed by employees and officers whose compensation has a longer
term focus. 

Tax Deductibility of Compensation Should be Maximized
Where Appropriate . The Company generally seeks to maximize the deductibility for tax purposes of all elements of compensation. For
example, the Company always has issued nonqualified stock options that result in a tax deduction to the Company upon exercise. We review
compensation plans in light of applicable tax provisions and may revise compensation plans from time to time to maximize deductibility.
However, we may approve compensation that does not qualify for deductibility when we deem it to be in the best interests of the Company. 

Financial Restatement 

It is a policy of the Patriot Board that the Compensation
Committee will, to the extent permitted by governing law, have the sole and absolute authority to make retroactive adjustments to any
cash or equity-based incentive compensation paid to executive officers and certain other officers where the payment was predicated upon
the achievement of certain financial results that were 

44 

subsequently the subject of a restatement. Where applicable,
the Company will seek to recover any amount determined to have been inappropriately received by the individual executive. 

Clawback Policy 

We recently adopted a Compensation Recovery Policy
in accordance with applicable Nasdaq rules, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. It is generally
our policy that the Company will recoup any incentive compensation erroneously awarded to any current or former executive officers due
to material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under applicable securities laws during the three completed fiscal
years immediately preceding the date the Company determines that an accounting restatement is required. 

Summary Compensation Table 

 The Summary Compensation Table sets forth information
concerning the compensation of our named executive officers for fiscal years 2023 and 2022. Our compensation program consists of several
forms of compensation: base salary, cash incentive bonuses, equity compensation and other benefits and perquisites. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 
 Base 
 Salary (1) 
 
 Option Awards 
 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 (2) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings (3) 
 Other Compensation (4) 
 Total 

Robert E. Sandlin 
 President and CEO 
 2023 
 404,344 
 --- 
 515,612 
 29,529 
 29,529 
 979,014 
 
 2022 
 385,982 
 --- 
 226,972 
 29,529 
 16,582 
 659,065 

Matthew C. McNulty 
 VP, CFO and COO (6) 
 2023 
 268,052 
 --- 
 239,270 
 --- 
 13,844 
 521,166 
 
 2022 
 254,548 
 --- 
 119,038 
 --- 
 6,081 
 379,667 

John D. Klopfenstein, Treasurer, Controller and CAO 
 2023 
 241,535 
 --- 
 141,098 
 --- 
 38,617 
 421,250 
 
 2022 
 232,930 
 --- 
 104,389 
 --- 
 16,423 
 353,742 

(1) Following the Spin-off, Mr. Klopfenstein remains employed by both the Company
and FRPH and receives a base salary from each company. The base salaries paid to Mr. Klopfenstein for the years shown reflect the total
salary paid to him by the Company, of which FRPH reimbursed the Company 50 pursuant to the Transition Services Agreement between FRPH
and the Company. 

(2) This column represents (i) amounts paid under the Patriot Transportation
Holding, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan MIC Plan ), and (ii) with respect to 2022, one-time transaction
bonuses paid in connection with the sale of the Company s terminal located in Tampa, Florida on October 18, 2021 in the amounts
of 93,685, 60,775 and 11,411 for Messrs. Sandlin, McNulty and Klopfenstein, respectively. 

 The MIC Plan provides officers an opportunity
to earn an annual cash bonus for achieving specified performance-based goals. Following the Spin-off, Mr. Klopfenstein continues to be
eligible to receive a cash bonus from FRPH if certain real estate performance goals are met, and a cash bonus from the Company if transportation-related
performance goals are met. Cash bonuses reported in this table for Mr. Klopfenstein of 74,031 in 2023 and 71,875 in 2022 reflect cash
bonuses earned and paid in connection with his employment with FRPH. Pursuant to the Transition Services Agreement between FRPH and the
Company, FRPH reimbursed the Company for the full amount of the FRPH awards for 2022 and 2023. 

(3) Mr. Sandlin was awarded 80,000 stock appreciation rights on December 16,
2016, which vest subject to a service requirement. The amounts reported in this column represent the present value of Mr. Sandlin s
accumulated benefit under the stock appreciation rights using the Black-Scholes model. Additional information regarding Mr. Sandlin s
stock appreciation award is discussed in the section of this proxy statement entitled Nonqualified Deferred Compensation .

(4) Executive officers receive certain personal benefits and perquisites from
the Company, which are reflected in the table as Other Compensation . Following the Spin-off, Mr. Klopfenstein
continues to be eligible to receive such Other Compensation from the Company and FRPH. Other Compensation for Mr. Klopfenstein for the
years shown reflects the total Other Compensation paid by the Company, of which FRPH reimbursed the Company 50 pursuant to the Transition
Services Agreement between FRPH and the Company. For 2023, the components of Other Compensation were as follows: 

Name 
 Matching Contributions 
 Personal Use of Company Car 
 Medical Reimbursement (a) 
 Miscellaneous (b) 
 
 Robert E. Sandlin 
 10,281 
 2,131 
 15,837 
 1,280 
 
 Matthew C. McNulty 
 2,680 
 10,894 
 -- 
 270 
 
 John D. Klopfenstein 
 9,092 
 21,320 
 7,120 
 1,085 

(a) The amounts shown represent benefits paid under our Medical Reimbursement
Plan, under which we reimburse certain officers for personal medical expenses not covered by insurance. 

45 

(b) The amounts shown under the Miscellaneous column include long-term disability
insurance, payment of country club and social club dues and purchase of tickets to sporting events on behalf of the named executive officers
and other miscellaneous reimbursed expenses. These club memberships and tickets generally are maintained for business entertainment but
may be used for personal use. The entire amount has been included, although we believe that only a portion of this cost represents a perquisite. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The table below sets forth information concerning
stock options and stock appreciation rights held by the named executive officers as of September 30, 2023. 

Name 

Option Awards (1) 

Number of 
 Securities Underlying Unexercised Options/SARs (#) 
 Exercisable 
 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options/SARs 
 (#) Unexercisable 
 Option/SAR Exercise Price 
 
 Option/SAR Expiration 
 Date 

Robert E. Sandlin 
 President CEO 
 5,480 
 -- 
 11.553 
 12/04/2023 
 
 6,286 
 -- 
 10.018 
 12/03/2024 
 
 6,565 
 -- 
 9.072 
 10/15/2025 
 
 28,821 
 -- 
 8.840 
 11/17/2025 
 
 40,514 
 -- 
 7.953 
 11/16/2026 
 
 44,825 
 -- 
 6.800 
 11/28/2027 

31,488 
 7,872 
 7.522 
 11/28/2028 

47,472 
 31,648 
 6.886 
 12/03/2029 

24,352 
 36,528 
 5.147 
 12/01/2030 

-- 
 257,009 (3) 
 8.66 
 N/A 

Matthew C. McNulty 
 Vice President, CFO COO 
 29,195 
 -- 
 7.335 
 10/04/2027 
 
 31,385 
 -- 
 6.800 
 11/28/2027 

22,044 
 5,511 
 7.522 
 11/28/2028 

33,231 
 22,154 
 6.886 
 12/03/2029 

14,614 
 21,921 
 5.147 
 12/01/2030 

John D. Klopfenstein 
 Treasurer, Controller CAO 
 2,958 
 -- 
 11.553 
 12/04/2023 
 
 3,393 
 -- 
 10.018 
 12/03/2024 
 
 7,786 
 -- 
 8.840 
 11/17/2025 
 
 10,937 
 -- 
 7.953 
 11/16/2026 

(1) Stock options vest ratably over 5 years, commencing on the first anniversary
of the grant date, and have a term of 10 years. Options that have an expiration date prior to 2025 were granted in connection with the
Spin-off to replace the options to purchase FRPH common stock held by the named executive officers at the time of the Spin-off. The Company
replacement options and the FRPH replacement options have a combined intrinsic value equal to the intrinsic value of the original option
granted by FRPH prior to the Spin-off and were equitably adjusted to preserve the ratio of the exercise price to the fair market value
of FRPH common stock on the date of the Spin-off. 

(2) Mr. Sandlin s stock options expiring on October 15, 2025 were granted
in connection with a performance award and vested immediately. 

(3) SARs vest upon the achievement of (i) a common stock price of 10.92 for
a period of at least 60 days and (ii) Mr. Sandlin s continued service as the President of Florida Rock Tank Lines, Inc. until
his 65 th birthday; subject to a minimum award of 500,000 if the service vesting criteria described in clause (ii) is satisfied.

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 

On December 21, 2016, Mr. Sandlin was granted 80,000
stock appreciation rights. The market price on the date of the grant was 23.13. The award was adjusted to 257,009 stock appreciation
rights and date of grant price of 8.66 in conjunction with the extraordinary dividends issued on January 30, 2020, December 30, 2020,
and November 15, 2021. This award will vest upon the satisfaction of 2 vesting conditions: (1) the average closing price of the Company s
common stock must exceed 10.92 for a period of at least 60 consecutive days, and (2) Mr. Sandlin must continue to serve as President
of Florida Rock Tank Lines, Inc. until his 65th birthday. Mr. Sandlin s minimum compensation under this award will be
 500,000, provided he satisfies the service vesting criteria set forth in the preceding clause (2). 

46 

Severance and Change of Control Agreements 

Each of Messrs. Sandlin, McNulty, and Klopfenstein
have Change in Control/Severance Agreements with the Company. The agreements include double trigger severance provisions
that will pay certain severance and COBRA benefits to them, under certain circumstances, if they are terminated upon or during the two
years following a change in control of the Company or a sale of Florida Rock Tank Lines, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company. The agreements provide that each of them will be entitled to receive an amount equal to two times his annual base salary plus
a bonus, if the buyer does not offer
the executive a position comparable to his current position with no less favorable compensation. The agreements provide that each of them
will be entitled to receive an amount equal to two times his annual base salary plus maximum bonus if during the two years after a change
in control or sale of Florida Rock Tank Lines, Inc. his employment is terminated other than for good cause or he resigns
for good reason provided, however, that such severance payment will be reduced by 4.1667 for each month that he is employed
by the Company or a purchaser after the closing of a change in control. In the event of such a termination, the agreements provide for
COBRA reimbursements for up to one year equal to the difference between the monthly cost of COBRA and the amount such named executive
officer paid for insurance coverage under the Company s health insurance plan prior to the termination. In addition, the agreements
provide that they become fully vested in their respective stock options upon a change in control. The award agreement for Mr. Sandlin s
SARs provides that the SARs will become fully vested upon a change in control. 

NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

Our
non-employee directors receive cash compensation, as well as equity compensation in the form of stock grants of Company common stock.
 The following table summarizes the compensation paid to each of our non-employee directors during fiscal 2023. All amounts reflect
the dollar value of the compensation. 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

Name 
 Fees earned or paid in cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) (1) 
 Total 

John D. Baker II 
 22,500 
 32,844 
 55,344 
 
 Thompson S. Baker II 
 19,500 
 32,844 
 52,344 
 
 John E. Anderson 
 36,000 
 32,844 
 68,844 
 
 Luke E. Fichthorn III 
 36,500 
 32,844 
 69,344 
 
 Charles D. Hyman 
 33,000 
 32,844 
 65,844 
 
 Eric K. Mann 
 27,500 
 32,844 
 60,344 

(1) On February 2, 2023, Messrs. Thompson S. Baker II, John D. Baker II, Anderson,
Fichthorn, Hyman and Mann were awarded 4,200 shares of the Company s common stock under the Company s 2014 Equity Incentive
Plan Equity Incentive Plan ). The value was determined using the closing price of the Company s common stock
on the Nasdaq Stock Market on February 2, 2023, which was 7.82. The aggregate grant date fair value was computed in accordance with FASB
Topic 718. 

 The following table sets forth our non-employee director
compensation program: 

All Non-Employee Directors 

Annual Retainer 
 15,000 
 
 Annual Retainer: Chairman of the Board 
 15,000 
 
 Attendance Fee for Unscheduled Meetings 
 1,500 
 
 Audit Committee 

Annual Fee: Chairman 
 10,000 
 
 Annual Fee: Member 
 5,000 
 
 Meeting Fees: Chairman (a) 
 1,500 
 
 Meeting Fees: Member (a) 
 1,000 
 
 Compensation Committee 

Annual Fee: Chairman 
 5,000 
 
 Annual Fee: Member 
 1,000 
 
 Meeting Fees: Chairman 
 1,500 
 
 Meeting Fees: Member 
 1,000 

47 

Other Committees 

Annual Fee: Chairman 
 2,000 
 
 Annual Fee: Member 
 1,000 
 
 Meeting Fees: Chairman 
 1,500 
 
 Meeting Fees: Member 
 1,000 

(a) The Audit Committee members received no meeting fees for the four regularly-scheduled
quarterly meetings. Meeting fees apply only to the extent there were additional Audit Committee meetings. 

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The following table shows the number of shares of
the Company s common stock beneficially owned by each of the Company s directors and executive officers of the Company as
a group as of November 30, 2023: 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Amount and Nature of 
 Beneficial Ownership (1) 
 Percent of Class 
 
 John E. Anderson 
 62,637 (2) 
 1.8 
 
 John D. Baker II 
 589,261 (3) 
 16.6 
 
 Thompson S. Baker II 
 357,903 (4) 
 9.8 
 
 Luke E. Fichthorn III 
 67,142 (5) 
 1.9 
 
 Charles D. Hyman 
 36,638 (6) 
 1.0 
 
 John D. Klopfenstein 
 28,776 (7) 

Eric K. Mann 
 4,200 

Matthew C. McNulty 
 154,679 (8) 
 4.2 
 
 Robert E. Sandlin 
 297,117 (9) 
 7.8 
 
 Total ownership of all directors and executive officers as a group (11 persons): 
 1,648,986 
 39.9 
 
 Less than 1 

(1) Unless otherwise indicated, beneficial owners directly hold and have sole
voting and investment power with respect to their respective shares reported in this table. 

(2) Mr. Anderson s shares are held by Anderson Family Enterprises, LLC.

(3) Mr. John D. Baker II s reported ownership includes (i) 4,000 shares
held directly, (ii) 167,848 shares held in his living trust, (iii) 3,341 shares held in his retirement account, (iv) 1,263 shares held
by his spouse s living trust, as to which his spouse has sole voting and investment power, (v) 371,158 shares held in a trust for
the benefit of Mr. Baker and his family members and for which he and Edward L. Baker II serve as co-trustees and have shared voting and
investment power, and (vi) 41,651 shares held by the estate of Edward L. Baker, of which Mr. Thompson S. Baker II and Mr. John D. Baker
II are co-administrators and as to which Mr. Thompson S. Baker II and Mr. John D. Baker II have shared voting and investment power. Mr.
Baker disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares described in clause (v) (except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein) and
clause (vi). 

(4) Mr. Thompson S. Baker II s reported ownership includes (i) 90,259 shares
held in his living trust, (ii) 35,291 shares held in trust for the benefit of Mr. Baker (ii) 733 shares owned by Mr. Baker s spouse,
as to which Mr. Baker s spouse has sole voting and investment power, (iii) 2,193 shares held in trust for the benefit of Mr. Baker s
minor children, as to which Mr. Baker has shared voting and investment power, (iv) 81,903 shares underlying options that are exercisable
within 60 days of November 30, 2023, (v) 105,867 shares held in trust for the benefit of Mr. Baker s siblings, as to which Mr. Baker
and his siblings serve as trustees and as to which Mr. Baker has shared voting and investment power, and (vi) 41,651 shares held by the
estate of Edward L. Baker, of which Mr. Thompson S. Baker II and Mr. John D. Baker II are co-administrators and as to which Mr. Thompson
S. Baker II and Mr. John D. Baker II have shared voting and investment power. Mr. Baker is a beneficiary of Edward L. Baker s estate.
Mr. Baker disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares described in clause (v). 

(5) Mr. Fichthorn s reported ownership includes 54,542 shares held directly,
11,500 shares owned by his spouse, as to which he disclaims any beneficial interest, and 3,100 shares owned by the M/B Disbro Trust, of
which Mr. Fichthorn is a co-trustee and income beneficiary and as to which Mr. Fichthorn has shared voting and investment power. 

(6) Mr. Hyman s reported ownership includes 35,504 shares held directly,
800 shares held in his IRA, and 334 shares held in his spouse s trust, of which Mr. Hyman is co-trustee and as to which Mr. Hyman
has shared voting and investment power. 

(7) Mr. Klopfenstein s reported ownership includes 3,058 shares held directly,
3,602 shares held in his retirement account, and 22,116 shares underlying options that are exercisable within 60 days of November 30,
2023. 

(8) Mr. McNulty s reported ownership includes 315 shares held in his retirement
account, and 154,364 shares underlying options that are exercisable within 60 days of November 30, 2023. 

(9) Mr. Sandlin s reported ownership includes 26,854 shares held directly,
4,068 shares held in his retirement account, and 266,195 shares underlying options that are exercisable within 60 days of November 30,
2023. 

48 

Shareholders Holding More Than Five Percent of
Common Stock 

The following table shows the number of shares of
the Company s common stock beneficially owned by each person (or group of people) known by the Company to beneficially own more
than 5 of the common stock of the Company. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Amount and Nature of 
 Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage of Class 

Trust FBO John D. Baker II U/A Cynthia L. Baker Trust dated 4/30/1965 
 John D. Baker II 
 Edward L. Baker II 
 200 W. Forsyth Street, 7th Floor 
 Jacksonville, FL 32202 

371,158 (1) 
 589,261 (1) 
 403,591 (1) 
 
 10.4 
 16.6 
 11.4 

Thompson S. Baker II 
 200 W. Forsyth Street, 7th Floor 
 Jacksonville, FL 32202 
 
 357,903 (2) 
 9.9 

CLB 1965 LLC 
 Cynthia P. Ogden 
 1165 5 th Avenue #10-D 
 New York, NY 10029 

304,493 (3) 
 304,493 (3) 
 
 8.6 
 8.6 

Robert E. Sandlin 
 200 W. Forsyth Street, 7th Floor 
 Jacksonville, FL 32202 
 
 297,117 (4) 
 7.8 

Minerva Advisors, LLC 
 Minerva Group, LP 
 Minerva GP, LP 
 Minerva GP, Inc. 
 David P. Cohen 
 50 Monument Road, Suite 201 
 Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004 

246,583 (5) 
 202,042 (5) 
 202,042 (5) 
 202,042 (5) 
 246,583 (5) 

6.9 
 5.7 
 5.7 
 5.7 
 6.9 

Estabrook Capital Management, LLC 
 Charles T. Foley 
 David P. Foley 
 900 Third Avenue 
 New York, NY 10022 
 
 241,679 (6) 
 241,679 (6) 
 241,679 (6) 

6.8 
 6.8 
 6.8 

(1) The Trust FBO John D. Baker II U/A Cynthia L. Baker Trust dated 4/30/1965,
to which John D. Baker II and Edward L. Baker II serve as co-trustees and to which John D. Baker II and his family members are beneficiaries,
holds 371,158 shares of the Company s common stock. John D. Baker II and Edward L. Baker II disclaim beneficial ownership of such
shares except to the extent of their pecuniary interest therein. Each of John D. Baker II s and Edward L. Baker II s beneficial
ownership includes the shares held by the Trust FBO John D. Baker II U/A Cynthia L. Baker Trust dated 4/30/1965. Reported information
is current as of November 30, 2023. 

(2) See the table in the section of this Proxy Statement entitled Securities
Ownership Directors and Executive Officers and the accompanying notes for further details on shares beneficially owned
by Thompson S. Baker II. Reported information is current as of November 30, 2023. 

(3) Cynthia P. Ogden, as manager of CLB 1965 LLC, has sole voting and dispositive
power with respect to 304,637 shares of the Company s common stock. Reported information is current as of November 30, 2023. 

(4) See the table in the section of this Proxy Statement entitled Securities
Ownership Directors and Executive Officers and the accompanying notes for further details on shares beneficially owned
by Robert E. Sandlin. Reported information is current as of November 30, 2023. 

(5) In a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022, Minerva Advisors,
LLC, Minerva Group, LP, Minerva GP, LP, Minerva GP, Inc. and David P Cohen reported that, as of December 31, 2021, they each had sole
voting and sole dispositive power with respect to 202,042 shares of the Company s common stock, and that Minerva Advisors LLC and
David P. Cohen each had shared voting and dispositive power with respect to 44,541 shares of the Company s common stock. 

(6) In a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023, Estabrook Capital
Management, LLC, Charles T. Foley and David P. Foley reported that, as of December 31, 2022, they had shared voting and dispositive power
with respect to 241,679 shares of the Company s common stock. 

49 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

Number of 

Securities 

Remaining 

Available 

Number of 

for future 

Securities 

Weighted 
 
 Issuance 

to be 

Average 
 
 under equity 

issued upon 

exercise 
 
 Compensation 

exercise of 

price of 
 
 Plans 

Outstanding 

outstanding 
 
 (excluding 

options, 

options, 
 
 Securities 

Warrants 

warrants 
 
 reflected in 

and rights 

and rights 
 
 column (a)) 
 
 Plan Category 
 
 (a) 

(b) 
 
 (c) 

Equity compensation 

plans approved by 

security holders 
 
 750,293 

7.44 
 
 10,611 

Equity compensation 

plans not approved 

by security holders 
 
 0 

0 
 
 0 

Total 
 
 750,293 

7.44 
 
 10,611 

Potential Changes in Control 

On November 1, 2023 we entered into a merger agreement
under which affiliates of UPT will, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the merger agreement, acquire all of the outstanding
shares of the Company s common stock for 16.26 per share in cash (referred to herein as, the merger ). The transaction,
which has been unanimously approved by the Company s Board of Directors, is subject to the satisfaction of closing conditions, including
the approval of the Company s shareholders. UPT has obtained a customary financing commitment from an established lending institution
pursuant to which the lender will provide financing that, together with other available sources, is expected to be sufficient to fund
the merger consideration and other obligations under the merger agreement. Upon completion of the transaction, the Company will become
a private company and delist from the NASDAQ Global Select Market. 

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

 Transactions With FRP Holdings, Inc. 

 On January 31, 2015, the Company began operating as
an independent public company as a result of the spin-off from FRP Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc.
(NASDAQ- FRPH), which is referred to herein as the Spin-off. The Spin-off was effected through a corporate reorganization,
followed by the distribution by FRPH of all of the shares of common stock of Patriot to the shareholders of FRPH. Each FRPH shareholder
of record as of the close of business on January 30, 2015 received one share of Patriot common stock for every three shares of FRPH common
stock held on such date. Patriot now owns and operates the transportation business that was formerly a segment of FRPH. For more information
regarding the Spin-off, you may refer to our Information Statement, which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Form 10,
filed with the Securities Exchange Commission (the SEC on December 31, 2014, available at www.sec.gov. 

50 

In connection with the spin-off, we entered into a
separation and distribution agreement, a tax matters agreement, an employee matters agreement and a transition services agreement, which
provide a framework for our relationships with FRPH after the spin-off. These agreements provide for the allocation between Patriot and
FRPH of the assets, liabilities, and obligations of FRPH and its subsidiaries, and govern the relationships between Patriot and FRPH (including
with respect to transition services, employee matters, real property matters, tax matters, and certain other commercial relationships).
This summary of the agreements is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the applicable agreements, which are listed
as exhibits to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2015. In fiscal 2023, FRPH reimbursed 910,000 pursuant
to the Transition Services Agreement. 

In the opinion of the Company, the terms, conditions,
transactions and payments under the agreements with the persons described above were not less favorable to the Company than those which
would have been available from unaffiliated persons. 

Policies and Procedures 

 The Audit Committee of the Patriot Board is responsible
for reviewing and approving all material transactions with any related party not previously approved by the Company s independent
directors. This responsibility is set forth in writing in our Audit Committee charter (as adopted December 4, 2019), a copy of which is
available at patriottrans.com under Corporate Governance . In certain cases, transactions have been approved by a committee consisting
of all independent directors. Related parties include any of our directors or executive officers, and certain of our shareholders and
their immediate family members. 

To identify related party transactions, each year,
we submit and require our directors and officers to complete director and officer questionnaires identifying any transactions with us
in which the officer or director or their family members have an interest. We review related party transactions due to the potential for
a conflict of interest. A conflict of interest occurs when an individual s private interest interferes, or appears to interfere,
in any way with our interests. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics requires all directors, officers and employees who may have a potential
or apparent conflict of interest to immediately notify our Chief Financial Officer. 

We expect our directors, officers and employees to
act and make decisions that are in our best interests and encourage them to avoid situations which present a conflict between our interests
and their own personal interests. Our directors, officers and employees are prohibited from taking any action that may make it difficult
for them to perform their duties, responsibilities and services to the Company in an objective and effective manner. In addition, we are
strictly prohibited from extending personal loans to, or guaranteeing personal obligations of, any director or officer. Exceptions are
only permitted in the reasonable discretion of the Patriot Board. A copy of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available at patriottrans.com
under Corporate Governance . 

Director Independence 

 Pursuant to NASDAQ listing standards, the Patriot
Board is required to evaluate each director to determine whether he or she qualifies as an independent director. The Patriot
Board must determine that a director has no relationship that, in the judgment of the Patriot Board, would interfere with the exercise
of independent judgment by the director in carrying out his or her responsibilities. The listing standards specify the criteria by which
the independence of our directors will be determined. The listing standards also prohibit Audit Committee and Compensation Committee members
from any direct or indirect financial relationship with the Company, and restrict commercial relationships of all directors with the Company.
Directors may not be given personal loans or extensions of credit by the Company, and all directors are required to deal at arm s
length with the Company and its subsidiaries and to disclose any circumstances that might be perceived as a conflict of interest. 

The Patriot Board has determined that four of our
six current directors (John E. Anderson, Luke E. Fichthorn III, Eric K. Mann, Charles D. Hyman) are independent of management in accordance
with the listing standards of The NASDAQ Global Select Market. All of the members of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are independent directors. 

51 

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND
SERVICES. 

Our independent registered accounting firm is Hancock Askew ), , Firm . The Audit Committee has selected Hancock Askew to
serve as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, subject to satisfactory negotiation of an annual fee agreement.
\ 

Audit and Non-Audit Fees 

 The following table presents fees billed or to be
billed by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the audit of the Company s financial statements
for fiscal years 2023 and 2022, and for other services performed during such periods. 

2023 
 
 2022 

Audit Fees (1) 
 145,168 
 
 131,521 
 
 Audit Related Fees (2) 
 26,830 (3) 
 
 40,930 (3) 
 
 Tax Fees 
 21,990 
 
 25,065 
 
 All Other Fees 
 -- 
 
 -- 

Total 
 193,988 
 
 197,516 

(1) Audit services include work performed in connection
with the review of the Company s quarterly financial statements, the audit of the Company s annual financial statements and
the audit of internal control over financial reporting. 

(2) Audit related fees consisted principally of audits
of employee benefit plans and services pertaining to technical accounting consultations required in connection with the audit. 

(3) 26,000 and 26,000 related to the Company s
401(k) plan audit in 2022 and 2023, respectively. 

Pre-Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services 

 Under the Company s amended Audit Committee
charter, the Audit Committee is required to pre-approve all auditing services and permissible non-audit services, including related fees
and terms, to be performed for the Company by its independent auditor, subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described
under the Exchange Act which are approved by the Audit Committee prior to the completion of the audit. The Audit Committee pre-approved
all audit services, audit-related services and tax review, compliance and planning services performed for the Company by Hancock Askew
during fiscal years 2023 and 2022. 

PART IV 

Item 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULE. 

(a) (1) Financial Statements: See Part
II, Item 8 hereof 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules:
Financial statement schedules are not required because all required information is included in the financial statements or is not applicable. 

(3) Exhibits. 

EXHIBIT # Description of Exhibit 

(2.1) 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 1, 2023, by and among the Company, Parent, and Merger Sub. (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on November 1, 2023). 

52 

(2.2) 
 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2015, by and between FRP Holdings, Inc. and Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed February 2, 2015). 

(3.1) 
 Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc. Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q filed May 15, 2015). 

(3.2) 
 Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc. Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q filed May 15, 2015). 

(10.1) 
 Amended and Restated Credit Amendment, dated and effective July 6, 2021, between Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed December 12, 2021). 

(10.2) 
 Tax Matters Agreement, dated January 30, 2015, by and between FRP Holdings, Inc. and Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed February 2, 2015). 

(10.3) 
 Transition Services Agreement, dated January 30, 2015, by and between FRP Holdings, Inc. and Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed February 2, 2015). 

(10.4) 
 Employee Matters Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2015, by and between FRP Holdings, Inc. and Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed February 2, 2015). 

(10.5) 
 2014 Equity Incentive Plan for Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q filed May 15, 2015). 

(10.6) 
 Management Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q filed May 15, 2015). 

(10.7) 
 Irrevocable Proxy and Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2023, by and among the Company, certain members of the Board, and certain shareholders of the Company. (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on November 1, 2023). 

(14) 
 Financial Code of Ethical Conduct between the Company, Chief Executive Officers, and Financial Managers (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed February 2, 2015). 

(21) 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant at September 30, 2023: Florida Rock Tank Lines, Inc. (a Florida corporation); Patriot Transportation of Florida, Inc. (a Florida corporation). 

(23) 
 Consent of Hancock Askew Co., Inc., Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

(31)(a) 
 Certification of Robert E. Sandlin. 
 
 (31)(b) 
 Certification of Matthew C. McNulty. 
 
 (31)(c) 
 Certification of John D. Klopfenstein. 
 
 (32) 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Accounting Officer under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 (97) 
 Clawback Policy 

101.XSD 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
 104. 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Schedules have been omitted pursuant to
Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any of the omitted schedules upon request
by the SEC. 

Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

53 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc. 

Date: December 12, 2023 
 
 By 
 ROBERT E. SANDLIN 

Robert E. Sandlin 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By 
 MATTHEW C. MCNULTY 

Matthew C. McNulty 

Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief 

Financial Officer and Secretary 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

By 
 JOHN D. KLOPFENSTEIN 

John D. Klopfenstein 

Controller, Chief Accounting Officer and 

Treasurer 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated
on December 12, 2023. 

ROBERT E. SANDLIN 
 
 THOMPSON S. BAKER II 
 
 Robert E. Sandlin 
 
 Thompson S. Baker II 
 
 President and Executive Officer 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Director 

MATTHEW C. MCNULTY 
 
 LUKE E. FICHTHORN III 
 
 Matthew C. McNulty 
 
 Luke E. Fichthorn III 
 
 Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, 
 
 Director 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

(Principal Financial Officer 

JOHN D. KLOPFENSTEIN 
 
 CHARLES D. HYMAN 
 
 John D. Klopfenstein 
 
 Charles D. Hyman 
 
 Controller, Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 Director 
 
 and Treasurer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

JOHN E. ANDERSON 
 
 ERIC K. MANN 
 
 John E. Anderson 
 
 Eric. K. Mann 
 
 Director 
 
 Director 

JOHN D. BAKER II 

John D. Baker II 

Director 

54 

<EX-101.CAL>
 2
 pati-20230930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 3
 pati-20230930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 4
 pati-20230930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 5
 pati-20230930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 pati-20230930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-23>
 7
 patiex23.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc. 

 Jacksonville, Florida 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by
reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-201791, 333-201792, 333-231421, 333-238294, 333-252886 and 333-262651)
of Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc. of our report dated December 12, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements which
appear in this Form 10-K. 

Respectfully submitted, 

Hancock Askew Co., LLP 

Jacksonville, Florida 

 December 12, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 8
 patiex31a.htm
 CEO CERTIFICATION

CERTIFICATIONS
 Exhibit 31(a) 

I, Robert E. Sandlin, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Patriot Transportation Holding,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
caused such disclosure controls to be designed under our supervision, ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report
is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosures controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal annual that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial report; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our
most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies in the design or operation
of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 12, 2023 

/s/Robert E. Sandlin 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 9
 patiex31b.htm
 CFO CERTIFICATION

CERTIFICATIONS Exhibit 31(b) 

I, Matthew C. McNulty., certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Patriot Transportation Holding,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
caused such disclosure controls to be designed under our supervision, ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report
is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosures controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal annual that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial report; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our
most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies in the design or operation
of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 12, 2023 

/s/Matthew C. McNulty 

Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and 

Secretary 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 10
 patiex31c.htm
 CAO CERTIFICATION

CERTIFICATIONS Exhibit 31(c) 

I, John D. Klopfenstein, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Patriot Transportation Holding,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
caused such disclosure controls to be designed under our supervision, ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report
is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosures controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal annual that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial report; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our
most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies in the design or operation
of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 12, 2023 

/s/John D. Klopfenstein 

Controller, Chief Accounting Officer and 

Treasurer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 11
 patiex32.htm
 CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, each of the undersigned certifies that this periodic report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in this periodic report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc. 

PATRIOT TRANSPORTATION HOLDING, INC. 

December 12, 2023 

ROBERT E. SANDLIN 

Robert E. Sandlin 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

MATTHEW C. MCNULTY 

Matthew C. McNulty 

Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, 

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

JOHN D. KLOPFENSTEIN 

John D. Klopfenstein 

Controller, Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc. and will be retained by Patriot Transportation Holding,
Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The foregoing certification accompanies
the issuer s Annual Report on Form 10-K and is not filed as provided in SEC Release Nos. 33-8212, 34-4751 and IC-25967, dated June
30, 2003. 

</EX-32>

<EX-97.1>
 12
 patiex97.htm
 CLAWBACK POLICY

PATRIOT TRANSPORTATION HOLDING, INC. 
Compensation Recovery Policy 

 Effective as of October 2, 2023 

1. Purpose . The purpose of this Compensation Recovery Policy (this Policy is to describe
the circumstances under which Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc. (the Company is required to recover certain compensation
paid to certain employees. Any references in compensation plans, agreements, equity awards or other policies to the Company s recoupment ,
 clawback or similarly-named policy shall be deemed to refer to this Policy with respect to Incentive-Based Compensation
Received on or after the Effective Date. With respect to Incentive-Based Compensation Received prior to the Effective Date, such references
to the Company s recoupment , clawback or similarly-named policy in compensation plans, agreements, equity
awards or other policies shall be deemed to refer to the Company s recoupment, clawback or similarly-named
policy, if any, in effect prior to the Effective Date. 

2. Mandatory Recovery of Compensation . In the event that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting
Restatement, the Company shall recover reasonably promptly the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation. 

3. Definitions . For purposes of this Policy, the following terms, when capitalized, shall have the
meanings set forth below: 

(a) Accounting Restatement shall mean any accounting restatement required due to material
noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including to correct an error in previously
issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement
if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. 

(b) Covered Officer shall mean the Company s president; principal financial officer;
principal accounting officer (or if there is no such accounting officer, the controller); any vice-president of the Company in charge
of a principal business unit, division, or function (such as sales, administration, or finance); any other officer who performs a significant
policy-making function; or any other person who performs similar significant policy-making functions for the Company. 

(c) Effective Date shall mean October 2, 2023. 

(d) Erroneously Awarded Compensation shall mean the excess of (i) the amount of Incentive-Based
Compensation Received by a person (A) after beginning service as a Covered Officer, (B) who served as a Covered Officer at any time during
the performance period for that Incentive-Based Compensation, (C) while the Company has a class of securities listed on a national securities
exchange or a national securities association and (D) during the Recovery Period; over (ii) the Recalculated Compensation. For the avoidance
of doubt, a person who served as a 

1 

Covered Officer during the periods set forth
in clauses (A) and (B) of the preceding sentence shall continue to be subject to this Policy even after such person s service as
a Covered Officer has ended. 

(e) Incentive-Based Compensation shall mean any compensation that is granted, earned,
or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a financial reporting measure. A financial reporting measure is a measure that
is determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and
any measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures, regardless of whether such measure is presented within the financial
statements or included in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Each of stock price and total shareholder return is a
financial reporting measure. For the avoidance of doubt, incentive-based compensation subject to this Policy does not include stock options,
restricted stock, restricted stock units or similar equity-based awards for which the grant is not contingent upon achieving any financial
reporting measure performance goal and vesting is contingent solely upon completion of a specified employment period and/or attaining
one or more non-financial reporting measures. 

(f) Recalculated Compensation shall mean the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation that
otherwise would have been Received had it been determined based on the restated amounts in the Accounting Restatement, computed without
regard to any taxes paid. For Incentive-Based Compensation based on stock price or total shareholder return, where the amount of the Erroneously
Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in an Accounting Restatement, the amount
of the Recalculated Compensation must be based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the stock price
or total shareholder return, as the case may be, on the compensation Received. The Company must maintain documentation of the determination
of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to the national securities exchange or association on which its securities
are listed. 

(g) Incentive-Based Compensation is deemed Received in the Company s fiscal period
during which the financial reporting measure specified in the award of such Incentive-Based Compensation is attained, even if the payment
or grant of the Incentive-Based Compensation occurs after the end of that period. 

(h) Recovery Period shall mean the three completed fiscal years of the Company immediately
preceding the date the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement; provided that the Recovery Period shall not begin before
the Effective Date. For purposes of determining the Recovery Period, the Company is considered to be required to prepare an Accounting
Restatement on the earlier to occur of: (i) the date the Company s Board of Directors, a committee thereof, or the Company s
authorized officers conclude, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement,
or (ii) the date 

2 

a court, regulator, or other legally authorized
body directs the Company to prepare an Accounting Restatement. If the Company changes its fiscal year, then the transition period within
or immediately following such three completed fiscal years also shall be included in the Recovery Period, provided that if the transition
period between the last day of the Company s prior fiscal year end and the first day of its new fiscal year comprises a period of
nine to 12 months, then such transition period shall instead be deemed one of the three completed fiscal years and shall not extend the
length of the Recovery Period. 

4. Exceptions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Policy, recovery of Erroneously Awarded
Compensation will not be required to the extent the Company s committee of independent directors responsible for executive compensation
decisions (or a majority of the independent directors on the Company s board of directors in the absence of such a committee) has
made a determination that such recovery would be impracticable and one of the following conditions have been satisfied: 

(a) The direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy would exceed the amount to
be recovered; provided that, before concluding that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation
that was Incentive-Based Compensation based on the expense of enforcement, the Company must make a reasonable attempt to recover such
Erroneously Awarded Compensation, document such reasonable attempt(s) to recover, and provide that documentation to the national securities
exchange or association on which its securities are listed. 

(b) Recovery would violate home country law where, with respect to Incentive-Based Compensation, that law
was adopted prior to November 28, 2022; provided that, before concluding that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Erroneously
Awarded Compensation that was Incentive-Based Compensation based on violation of home country law, the Company must obtain an opinion
of home country counsel, acceptable to the national securities exchange or association on which its securities are listed, that recovery
would result in such a violation, and must provide such opinion to the exchange or association. 

(c) Recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly
available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(a)(13) or 26 U.S.C. 411(a) and regulations thereunder. 

5. Manner of Recovery . In addition to any other actions permitted by law or contract, the Company
may take any or all of the following actions to recover any Erroneously Awarded Compensation: (a) require the Covered Officer to repay
such amount; (b) offset such amount from any other compensation owed by the Company or any of its affiliates to the Covered Officer, regardless
of whether the contract or other documentation governing such other compensation specifically permits or specifically prohibits such offsets;
and (c) subject to Section 4(c), to the extent the Erroneously Awarded Compensation was deferred 

3 

into a plan of deferred compensation, whether
or not qualified, forfeit such amount (as well as the earnings on such amounts) from the Covered Officer s balance in such plan,
regardless of whether the plan specifically permits or specifically prohibits such forfeiture. If the Erroneously Awarded Compensation
consists of shares of the Company s common stock, and the Covered Officer still owns such shares, then the Company may satisfy its
recovery obligations by requiring the Covered Officer to transfer such shares back to the Company. 

6. Other . 

(a) This Policy shall be administered and interpreted, and may be amended from time to time, by the Company s
board of directors or any committee to which the board may delegate its authority in its sole discretion in compliance with the applicable
listing standards of the national securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed, and the determinations
of the board or such committee shall be binding on all Covered Officers. 

(b) The Company shall not indemnify any Covered Officer against the loss of Erroneously Awarded Compensation. 

(c) The Company shall file all disclosures with respect to this Policy in accordance with the requirements
of the Federal securities laws, including disclosure required by the Securities and Exchange Commission filings. 

(d) Any right to recovery under this Policy shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights
of recovery that may be available to the Company. 

</EX-97.1>

10-K
 13
 pati10k23.pdf
 COMPLIMENTARY PDF

